<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1556593_0001556593-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>44370943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>904224</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4757326</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19671708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9257256</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8831032</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001556593-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216212928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001556593-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		192
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rithm Capital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				453449660
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35777
		FILM NUMBER:		23640123

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		CITY:			New York
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 850-7770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		CITY:			New York
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Residential Investment Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Residential Investment LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121214

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Spinco Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001556593-23-000012.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 nrz-20221231.htm
 10-K

nrz-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (computed based on the closing price on such date as reported on the NYSE) was: billion. 
 Common stock, 0.01 par value per share: shares outstanding as of February 10, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, the operating performance of our investments, the stability of our earnings, our financing needs and the size and attractiveness of market opportunities. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, should, potential, intend, expect, endeavor, seek, anticipate, estimate, overestimate, underestimate, believe, could, project, predict, continue or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions, discuss future expectations, describe future plans and strategies, contain projections of results of operations, cash flows or financial condition or state other forward-looking information. Our ability to predict results or the actual outcome of future plans or strategies is inherently limited. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results. 
 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy is subject to numerous risks, as more fully described under Risk Factors. These risks include, among others: 
 
 our ability to successfully operate our business strategies and generate sufficient revenue; 
 reductions in the value of, cash flows received from, or liquidity surrounding, our investments, which are based on various assumptions that could differ materially from actual results; 
 changes in general economic conditions, in our industry and in the commercial finance and real estate markets, including the impact on the value of our assets or the performance of our investments; 
 risks relating to the Company realizing some or all of the targeted benefits of internalizing the Company s management functions; 
 our reliance on and counterparty concentration and default risks in, the servicers and subservicers we engage Servicing Partners and other third parties; 
 the risks related to our origination and servicing operations, including, but not limited to, compliance with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements, significant increases in delinquencies for the loans, compliance with the terms of related servicing agreements, financing related servicer advances and the origination business, expenses related to servicing high risk loans, unrecovered or delayed recovery of servicing advances, foreclosure rates, servicer ratings and termination of government mortgage refinancing programs; 
 competition within the finance and real estate industries; 
 interest rate fluctuations and shifts in the yield curve; 
 impairments in the value of the collateral underlying our investments and the relation of any such impairments to the value of our securities or loans; 
 changes in interest rates and/or credit spreads, as well as the success of any hedging strategy we may undertake in relation to such changes; 
 the impact that risks associated with subprime mortgage loans and consumer loans, as well as deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices, may have on the value of our mortgage servicing rights MSRs ), excess mortgage servicing rights Excess MSRs ), servicer advance investments, RMBS (as defined below), residential mortgage loans and consumer loan portfolios; 
 the risks that default and recovery rates on our MSRs, Excess MSRs, servicer advance investments, servicer advance receivables, RMBS, residential mortgage loans and consumer loans deteriorate compared to our underwriting estimates; 
 changes in prepayment rates on the loans underlying certain of our assets, including, but not limited to, our MSRs or Excess MSRs, as well as the risk that projected recapture rates on the loan pools underlying our MSRs or Excess MSRs are not achieved; 
 servicer advances may not be recoverable or may take longer to recover than we expect, which could cause us to fail to achieve our targeted return on our Servicer Advance Investments or MSRs; 
 i 

cybersecurity incidents and technology disruptions or failures; 
 our dependence on counterparties and vendors to provide certain services and the related exposure to counterparties that are unwilling or unable to honor contractual obligations, including their obligation to indemnify us or repurchase defective mortgage loans; 
 the mortgage lending and servicing-related regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), as well as other federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities and enforcement of such regulations; 
 seasonal fluctuations in rental demand and downturns in our markets or in the single-family rental properties sector; 
 significant competition in the leasing market for quality residents, which may limit our ability to lease our single-family rental properties on favorable terms; 
 a significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, including increasing property taxes, HOA fees and insurance costs and we may not be able to adapt our costs structure to offset declines in our revenue; 
 our ability to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act and limits on our operations from maintaining such exclusion; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT (as defined below) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and limits on our operations from maintaining REIT status; 
 potential limitations on our operations if we are required to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; 
 the legislative/regulatory environment, including, but not limited to, the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act, regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure, changes in regulatory and accounting rules, U.S. government programs intended to grow the economy, future changes to tax laws, the federal conservatorship of the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac and legislation that permits modification of the terms of residential mortgage loans; 
 the risk that actions by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae or other regulatory initiatives or actions may adversely affect returns from investments in MSRs and Excess MSRs and may lower gain on sale margins; 
 risks associated with our indebtedness, including our senior unsecured notes and related restrictive covenants and non-recourse long-term financing structures; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain financing arrangements on terms favorable to us or at all, whether prompted by adverse changes in financing markets or otherwise; 
 our exposure to risks of loss resulting from adverse weather conditions, man-made or natural disasters, the effect of climate change and pandemics; 
 impact from any of our future acquisitions and our ability to successfully integrate the acquired assets and assumed liabilities; 
 the impact of current or future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations and inquiries involving us, our Servicing Partners or other business partners; 
 adverse market, regulatory or interest rate environments or our issuance of debt or equity, any of which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock; 
 our ability to pay distributions on our common stock; and 
 dilution experienced by our existing stockholders as a result of the conversion of the preferred stock into shares of common stock or the exercise of common stock purchase warrants outstanding. 
 We also direct readers to other risks and uncertainties referenced in this report, including those set forth under Risk Factors. We caution that you should not place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are under no obligation (and expressly disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that we may make from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 ii 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING EXHIBITS 
 
 In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about Rithm Capital Corp. (the Company, Rithm Capital or we, our and us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements proved to be inaccurate; 
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
 may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and 
 were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . See Business Corporate Governance and Internet Address; Where Readers Can Find Additional Information. 
 
 The Company acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. 
 iii 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. FORM 10-K INDEX 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 59 
 Item 2. Properties 
 60 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 61 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 63 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 63 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 105 
 Item 8. Financial Statements 
 111 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 208 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 208 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 208 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 208 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 210 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 210 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 210 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 210 
 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 210 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 211 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 215 
 Signatures 
 216 
 
 iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Rithm Capital Corp. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Rithm Capital, the Company, we, us, or our is an investment manager that operates a vertically integrated mortgage platform and invests in real estate and related opportunities. We are structured as an internally managed real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 We seek to generate long-term value for our investors by using our investment expertise to identify, manage and invest in real estate related assets, including operating companies, that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our investment strategy also involves opportunistically pursuing acquisitions and seeking to establish strategic partnerships that we believe enable us to maximize the value of our investments by offering products and services to customers, servicers and other parties through the lifecycle of transactions that affect each mortgage loan and underlying residential property or collateral. For more information about our investment guidelines, see Investment Guidelines. 
 
 Our portfolio is currently composed of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage origination and servicing companies (including ancillary mortgage services businesses), residential mortgage-backed securities, single-family rental properties, mortgage loans, consumer loans and other opportunistic investments. We conduct our business through the following segments: Origination, Servicing, MSR Related Investments, Residential Securities, Properties and Loans, Consumer Loans and Mortgage Loans Receivable. 
 
 For more details on our portfolio, see Our Portfolio below, as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Portfolio. For information concerning current market trends which impact our portfolio, see The Residential Real Estate Market, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Considerations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Rithm Capital is a Delaware corporation that was formed as a limited liability company in September 2011 (commenced operations on December 8, 2011). 
 
 Through June 16, 2022, we were externally managed and advised by FIG LLC (the Former Manager ), an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group LLC Fortress ). On June 17, 2022, we entered into an Internalization Agreement with the Former Manager (the Internalization Agreement ), pursuant to which the management agreement with the Former Manager (the Management Agreement was terminated effective June 17, 2022 (the Effective Date ), except that certain indemnification and other obligations survive, and we internalized our management functions in accordance with the Internalization Agreement (such transactions, the Internalization ). As a result of the Internalization, we ceased to be externally managed, and following the Internalization we operate as an internally managed REIT. In connection with the termination of the Management Agreement, we agreed to pay the Former Manager 400.0 million (subject to certain adjustments). Following the Internalization, we no longer pay a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. In August 2022, the Company changed its name to Rithm Capital Corp. from New Residential Investment Corp. New Residential or NRZ and the Company s ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange changed to RITM from NRZ . In addition, the Company changed its principal place of business and corporate headquarters to 799 Broadway, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10003 from 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10105. 
 
 The Residential Real Estate Market 
 
 Mortgage Originations and Servicing 
 
 We believe we are one of only a select number of non-bank market participants that have the combination of capital, infrastructure, industry expertise and key business relationships necessary to take advantage of opportunities existing in today s complex and dynamic mortgage market. Our ability to originate residential mortgage loans, to own MSRs and to service loans positions us to support, connect with and provide solutions to homeowners throughout the lifetime of their residential mortgage loan. 
 
 Over the last few decades, the complexity and composition of the market for residential mortgage loans in the U.S. have dramatically evolved. In the past, a borrower seeking credit for a home purchase would typically have obtained financing from a financial institution, such as a bank, savings association or credit union. These institutions would generally have held a majority of their originated residential mortgage loans as interest-earning assets on their balance sheets and would have 
 1 

performed all activities associated with servicing the loans, including accepting principal and interest payments, making advances for real estate taxes and property and casualty insurance premiums, initiating collection actions for delinquent payments and conducting foreclosures. 
 
 Now, institutions (including non-bank originators) that originate residential mortgage loans generally hold a smaller portion of originated loans as assets on their balance sheets and instead sell originated loans to third parties. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (collectively, Government-sponsored enterprises GSEs )) are currently the largest purchasers of residential mortgage loans. Under a process known as securitization, GSEs and institutions typically package residential mortgage loans into pools that are sold to securitization trusts. These securitization trusts fund the acquisition of residential mortgage loans by issuing securities, known as residential mortgage backed securities RMBS ), which entitle the owner of such securities to receive a portion of the interest and/or principal collected on the residential mortgage loans in the pool. The purchasers of the RMBS are typically large institutions, such as pension funds, mutual funds, insurance companies, hedge funds and REITs. The agreement that governs the packaging of residential mortgage loans into a pool, the servicing of such residential mortgage loans and the terms of the RMBS issued by the securitization trust is often referred to as a pooling and servicing agreement. As a result of transformations in the securitization process, non-bank originators have gained significant market share in the residential mortgage market. 
 
 The residential mortgage loan market is commonly divided into a number of categories based on certain residential mortgage loan characteristics, including the credit quality of borrowers and the types of institutions that originate or finance such loans. While there are no universally accepted definitions, the residential mortgage loan market is commonly divided by market participants into the following categories: 
 
 Government-Sponsored Enterprise and Government Guaranteed Loans. This category of residential mortgage loans includes conforming loans, which are first lien residential mortgage loans that are secured by single-family residences that meet or conform to the underwriting standards established by the GSEs. The conforming loan limit is established by statute and currently is 726,200 for 2023 (an increase from 647,200 in 2022) with certain exceptions for high-priced real estate markets. This category also includes residential mortgage loans issued to borrowers that do not meet conforming loan standards, but who qualify for a loan that is insured or guaranteed by the government through Ginnie Mae (collectively with the GSEs, the Agencies and each of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae, an Agency ), primarily through federal programs operated by the Federal Housing Administration FHA and the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 Non-GSE or Government Guaranteed Loans. Residential mortgage loans that are not guaranteed by the GSEs or the government are generally referred to as non-conforming loans and fall into one of the following categories: jumbo, subprime, Alt-A, second lien or non-qualifying loans. The loans may be non-conforming due to various factors, including mortgage balances in excess of Agency underwriting guidelines, borrower characteristics, loan characteristics and level of documentation. The Non-GSE category also includes investor loans, which reflect primarily non-owner occupied investment properties. 
 
 Jumbo . Jumbo residential mortgage loans have original principal amounts that exceed the statutory conforming limit for GSE loans. Jumbo borrowers generally have strong credit histories and provide full loan documentation, including verification of income and assets. 
 
 Second Lien . Second mortgages and home equity lines are often referred to as second liens and fall into a separate category of the residential mortgage market. These loans typically have higher interest rates than loans secured by first liens because the lender generally will only receive proceeds from a foreclosure of a property after the first lien holder is paid in full. In addition, these loans often feature higher loan-to-value LTV ratios and are less secure than first lien mortgages. 
 
 Non-QM . Non-Qualified Residential Mortgage Non-QM loans are loans that do not meet the Qualified Mortgage rules per the CFPB. Non-QM loans are generally issued to borrowers that are self-employed, have high debt-to-income ratio or have high net worth with liquid assets. In December 2020, the CFPB issued new rules for qualified mortgages amending Regulation Z ability to repay rule/qualified mortgage requirements to replace the 43 debt-to-income ratio basis for the general QM with an annual percentage rate (APR) limit, while still requiring the consideration of the debt-to-income ratio or residual income. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans are further classified based on certain payment characteristics. Performing loans are residential mortgage loans where the borrower is generally current on required payments; by contrast, non-performing loans are residential mortgage loans where the borrower is delinquent or in default. Re-performing loans were formally non-performing but became 
 2 

performing again, often as a result of a loan modification where the lender agrees to modified terms with the borrower rather than foreclosing on the underlying property. Reverse residential mortgage loans are a special type of loan under which the borrower is typically paid a monthly amount, increasing the balance of the loan and are typically collected when the property is sold or the borrower no longer resides at the property. If a borrower defaults on a loan and the lender takes ownership of the underlying property through foreclosure, that property is referred to as real estate owned REO ). 
 
 The volume of mortgage loan originations associated with home purchases is generally affected by the overall strength of the economy, unemployment rates, housing prices and interest rates. Due to a variety of factors, including supply-demand imbalances exacerbated by the geopolitical risks associated with the war in Ukraine and, until recently, adverse developments associated with China s zero-COVID policy, inflation throughout 2022 remained elevated. As a response to these inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate multiple times during the year and continued to reduce its overall portfolio of Treasury and mortgage-backed securities. The market s transition away from a historically low interest rate environment to a rising interest rate environment significantly disrupted the residential mortgage market as it affected the affordability and the ability for potential homebuyers to qualify for a mortgage loan. As of December 2022, the Mortgage Bankers Association MBA estimated total U.S. origination volume for 2022 was 2.2 trillion, down from an estimated 4.4 trillion, or 49 , in 2021. Furthermore, 30 of 2022 activity were related to refinance volume, a decline from 58 in 2021. Looking forward, the MBA forecasts origination volumes to decline in 2023 to 1.9 trillion before increasing to 2.3 trillion in 2024. Refinance activity for 2023 and 2024 is forecasted to be 24 and 28 , respectively. 
 
 Mortgage originators primarily generate their revenue from the sale of originated loans to the GSEs and the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ). Gain on sale margin for full year 2022 was 1.70 compared to 1.51 for 2021. During 2022, gain on sale margins continued to revert to historical levels largely driven by weakening demand for loans amid excess industry capacity due to an escalating interest rate environment weighing on the residential real estate market. 
 
 In connection with a securitization, a number of entities perform specific roles with respect to the residential mortgage loans in a pool, including the trustee and the mortgage servicer. The trustee holds legal title to the residential mortgage loans on behalf of the owner of the RMBS and either maintains the mortgage note and related documents itself or with a custodian. One or more other entities are appointed pursuant to the pooling and servicing agreement to service the residential mortgage loans. In some cases, the servicer is the same institution that originated the loan, and, in other cases, it may be a different institution. The duties of servicers of residential mortgage loans that have been securitized are generally required to be performed in accordance with industry-accepted servicing practices and the terms of the relevant pooling and servicing agreement, mortgage note and applicable law. The trustee or a separate securities administrator for the trust receives the payments collected by the servicer on the residential mortgage loans and distributes them to the investors in the RMBS pursuant to the terms of the pooling and servicing agreement. A servicer generally takes actions, such as foreclosure, in the name and on behalf of the trustee. 
 
 Servicers generally derive their income from servicing income unpaid principal balances of servicing balances times the servicing fee. Servicing income consists of the contractual fees earned for servicing loans and includes ancillary revenue such as late fees and modification incentives. The servicing fee, along with ancillary income and other revenue, is designed to cover costs incurred to service the specified pool plus a reasonable margin. A portion of the margin is often referred to as the excess servicing fee. Servicing income is affected by the size of the servicing portfolio, both unpaid principal balance UPB and number of loans, delinquency rates and cost to service per loan. 
 
 The need for high-touch non-bank specialty servicers remains elevated as borrowers continue to seek solutions to their financial hardships. Specialty servicers have proven more willing and well equipped to perform the operationally intensive activities (e.g., collections, foreclosure avoidance and loan workouts) required to service credit-sensitive loans. 
 
 Single-Family Rental Properties 
 
 The single-family rental properties SFR industry was previously primarily composed of private and individual investors in local markets and was managed individually or by small, non-institutional owners and property managers. However, over the past several years, changing demographics, increased acceptance of telework, higher mortgage rates and elevated home prices have resulted in SFR properties becoming a popular lifestyle choice for families looking for the comforts and amenities associated with homeownership, but the flexibility and ease of use offered by renting. Further, we believe the fundamental long-term shortage of affordable housing in the U.S. has also contributed to the increased popularity of SFR properties. In addition, the increase in demand for SFR properties has attracted higher capital inflows into the SFR industry from REITs and other institutional investors looking to diversify and consolidate the highly fragmented industry. 
 
 We continue to believe there are attractive opportunities in the SFR sector given robust industry fundamentals. Using our established experience with residential real estate and our consumer-facing expertise, we believe we are well-positioned to 
 3 

benefit from these compelling trends in SFR. With our exposure to SFR, we are able to provide a variety of housing solutions to U.S. consumers. As of December 31, 2022, our SFR portfolio consists of 3,761 units with an aggregate carrying value of 971.3 million, up from 2,551 units with an aggregate carrying value of 579.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Business Purpose Lending 
 
 Real estate investment is a capital-intensive business that typically relies heavily on debt capital to acquire and develop properties for disposition with the intention of selling. Capital providers in this space typically provide loans referred to as fix and flip. Historically, regional and community banks acted as the primary providers of capital within this space. However, changes in monetary policies and tighter capital constraints due to changing banking regulations following the 2008 financial crisis have resulted in a decline in traditional lenders and an increase in new entrants, including non-bank lenders such as REITs. 
 
 Measured on a lag, housing starts in December 2022 based on the U.S. Census Bureau and Department of Housing and Urban Development were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.4 million, down from 1.8 million in 2021. 
 
 We believe there is significant market opportunity to originate high coupon, low duration real estate loans secured by the underlying real estate as collateral. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary Genesis Capital LLC Genesis ), we originated 1,723 business purpose loans in 2022, down from 2,276 loans in 2021. 
 
 Our Portfolio 
 
 Our current investment portfolio primarily consists of: 
 Servicing related investments 
 Operating entities (Origination and Servicing) 
 Servicing related businesses 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 
 Excess MSRs 
 Servicer advance investments (which include servicer advance receivables, the requirement to make future servicer advances and the rights to receive the basic fee portion of the related MSR, in each case relating to the residential mortgage loans underlying MSRs or Excess MSRs) 
 Residential securities, properties and loans 
 Real estate securities, or RMBS 
 Call rights 
 Single-family rental properties 
 Residential mortgage loans 
 Consumer loans 
 Business purpose loans (mortgage loans receivable) 
 
 Operating Investments 
 
 Origination 
 
 Our origination business operates through the lending divisions of our subsidiaries Newrez LLC Newrez and Caliber Home Loans Inc. Caliber and together with Newrez, Mortgage Company ). Our Mortgage Company is one of the largest non-bank mortgage originators in the U.S., funding 67.6 billion of mortgages for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 123.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our Mortgage Company has a multi-channel residential lending platform, offering mortgage loans across its Direct to Consumer, Retail, Wholesale and Correspondent lending channels. Purchase origination consists of mortgages that are originated to purchase a property. Refinance origination consists of mortgages that are originated to refinance a previous outstanding mortgage. Our ability to originate loans in both purchase and refinance markets is an important component of our business model. 70 of all funded origination volume during 2022 was purchase origination, up from 42 in 2021. 
 
 Direct to Consumer Through our Mortgage Company, we originate loans directly to borrowers through our Direct to Consumer channel. We are highly focused on meeting the refinancing needs of our existing servicing customers. When our origination customers choose us for their refinance needs, we not only benefit from the gain on sale on the newly originated loan but also benefit from retaining the newly created MSR. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 8.3 billion in Direct to Consumer originations, representing 12 of our total funded origination volume. 
 4 

Retail Our Retail channel employs loan officers who are located and involved in the communities they service and have relationships with realtors, home builders and other referral sources. These referral relationships are integral to our success in the purchase mortgage market. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 678 loan consultants covering 220 of our retail locations in the U.S. We also have joint venture partnerships with realtors, homebuilders and mortgage banks as well as traditional distributed retail business units. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 19.0 billion in Retail originations, representing 28 of our total funded origination volume. 
 
 Wholesale Our Wholesale channel originates residential mortgage loans through customer loan applications submitted by select mortgage brokers, community banks and credit unions. While sourced through third parties, we underwrite and fund these loans according to our own quality and compliance monitoring standards. Our Mortgage Company provides brokers with differentiated products and pricing as well as superior customer service through our experienced salesforce and our proprietary technologies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 11.0 billion in Wholesale originations, representing 16 of our total funded origination volume. 
 
 Correspondent Our Correspondent channel purchases closed residential mortgage loans that meet our specific credit and underwriting criteria from community banks, credit unions and independent mortgage banks and funds them in our own name. In this capacity, we play an important role in providing efficient capital markets access to these institutions. Our Correspondent channel is an important component of our strategy to grow our customer base and add to our MSR portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we originated 29.3 billion in Correspondent originations, representing 44 of our total funded origination volume. 
 
 We believe that our multi-channel origination mortgage platform provides us with a competitive advantage and enables us to provide our borrowers within the mortgage community with various products to ultimately originate both purchase and refinance loans across different market backdrops. Furthermore, we generally service all of the loans that we originate, which provides us with connectivity with our borrowers throughout the lifecycle of their loan. We combine operational excellence, modern proprietary technology, capital markets expertise, prudent risk management and a relentless focus on client service to deliver consistent high-quality service to our customers. 
 
 Our Mortgage Company originates or purchases residential mortgage loans conforming to the underwriting standards of the Agencies Agency loans), government-insured residential mortgage loans insured by the FHA, VA and USDA and non-conforming loans through its SMART Loan Series. Our SMART Loan Series is a Non-QM residential loan product that provides a variety of options for highly qualified borrowers who fall outside the specific requirements of Agency residential mortgage loans. Through this platform, we underwrite quality loans that meet our guidelines and pricing models for borrowers that fall just outside the qualified mortgage requirement such as self-employed borrowers, bank statement or asset qualifiers, real estate investors, prime borrowers and more. We believe the outlook for Non-QM residential loans remains strong heading into 2023 supported by continued demand for Non-QM products and a growth in population of Non-QM borrowers. In 2022, 58 of our Mortgage Company s funded production was Agency, 37 was Government, 3 was Non-Agency and 1 was Non-QM residential loans. 
 
 Our Mortgage Company generates revenue through sales of residential mortgage loans, including, but not limited to, gain on residential loans originated and sold, the settlement of residential mortgage loan origination derivative instruments and the value of MSRs retained on transfer of the loans. Profit margins per loan vary by channel, with Correspondent typically being the lowest and Retail being the highest. The Mortgage Company sells conforming loans to the GSEs and Non-QM residential loans to another subsidiary of Rithm Capital which in turn may securitize these loans. Our Mortgage Company relies on warehouse financing to fund loans at origination through the sale date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we securitized 1.5 billion of Non-QM residential loans. 
 
 We also have several wholly-owned subsidiaries that perform various services in the mortgage and real estate industries. Our subsidiary Avenue 365 Lender Services, LLC Avenue 365 is a title agency providing title and settlement services to homeowners. Our subsidiary eStreet Appraisal Management LLC eStreet is an appraisal management company that performs appraisal and valuation services. 
 
 Servicing 
 
 Servicing consists of collecting loan payments, remitting principal and interest payments to investors, managing escrow funds for the payment of mortgage-related expenses, such as taxes and insurance, performing loss mitigation activities, negotiating workouts and modifications, conducting or managing foreclosures on behalf of investors or other servicers and otherwise 
 5 

administering our residential mortgage loan servicing portfolio. We generate recurring revenue through contractual servicing fees, which include late payment, modification and other ancillary fees and interest income on custodial deposits. 
 
 Our servicing business operates through our performing loan servicing division and a special servicing division, Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing SMS ). The performing loan servicing division services performing Agency and government-insured loans. SMS services delinquent government-insured, Agency and Non-Agency loans on behalf of the owners of the underlying residential mortgage loans. We are highly experienced in loan servicing, including loan modifications and seek to help borrowers avoid foreclosure. 
 
 SMS special servicing division also includes third-party serviced loans on behalf of unaffiliated investors. As of December 31, 2022, SMS has 59 third-party clients. These institutional clients include, but are not limited to, GSEs, money center banks and whole loan investors. Through our servicing platform, we are focused on providing high-quality servicing to our borrowers and maintaining connectivity with our borrowers throughout the lifetime of their loan. As of December 31, 2022, our servicing divisions served over 2.3 million customers with an aggregate UPB of approximately 503.6 billion, of which 393.3 billion represented performing servicing and 110.3 billion represented special servicing. 
 
 As a third party subservicer, SMS may be obligated to make servicing advances; however, advances and other incurred costs are generally lower compared to those of the MSR owner, and recovery times are substantially faster, often within the following month. 
 
 MSR Related Investments 
 
 MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables and Excess MSRs 
 
 Rithm Capital is one of the largest non-bank owners of MSRs in the U.S. with 609 billion UPB of full and excess MSRs, decreasing 3 from 629 billion UPB as of December 31, 2021. An MSR provides a mortgage servicer with the right to service a pool of residential mortgage loans in exchange for a portion of the interest payments made on the underlying residential mortgage loans. This amount typically ranges from 25 to 50 basis points bps of the UPB of the residential mortgage loans, plus ancillary income and custodial interest. An MSR is made up of two components: a basic fee and an excess MSR Excess MSR ). The basic fee is the amount of compensation for the performance of servicing duties (including advance obligations), and the Excess MSR is the amount that exceeds the basic fee. Ownership of an MSR requires the owner to be a licensed mortgage servicer. An owner of an Excess MSR is not required to be licensed, and is not required to assume any servicing duties, advance obligations or liabilities associated with the loan pool underlying the MSR unless otherwise specified through agreement. Our Servicing segment includes both residential mortgage loans underlying our MSR assets as well as those we sub-service for third parties. MSR assets sub-serviced by third-parties are reflected within our MSR Related Investments segment and include PHH Mortgage Corporation PHH ), Mr. Cooper, LoanCare, LLC LoanCare ), Valon Mortgage, Inc. Valon and Flagstar Bank Flagstar ), which subservice 9.2 , 8.0 , 6.0 , 2.0 and 0.3 , respectively. 
 
 Servicer Advances Receivable and Servicer Advance Investments 
 
 Servicer advances are a customary feature of residential mortgage securitization transactions and represent one of the duties for which a servicer is compensated since the advances are non-interest bearing. Servicer advances are generally reimbursable payments made by a servicer (i) when the borrower fails to make scheduled payments due on a residential mortgage loan or (ii) to support the value of the collateral property. Our interests in servicer advances include the following: 
 
 Servicer Advances Receivable. The outstanding servicer advances related to a specified pool of residential mortgage loans in which we own the MSR. 
 
 Servicer Advance Investments. These investments are associated with specified pools of residential mortgage loans in which we have contractually assumed the servicing advance obligation and include the related outstanding servicer advances, the requirement to purchase future servicer advances and the rights to the basic fee component of the related MSR. We have purchased Servicer Advance Investments on certain loan pools underlying our Excess MSRs. 
 
 Servicer advances typically fall into one of three categories: 
 
 Principal and Interest Advances : Payments made by the servicer to cover scheduled payments of principal of, and interest on, a residential mortgage loan that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. 
 
 6 

Escrow Advances (Taxes and Insurance Advances) : Cash payments made by the servicer to third parties on behalf of the borrower for real estate taxes and insurance premiums on the property that have not been paid on a timely basis by the borrower. 
 
 Foreclosure Advances : Payments made by the servicer to third parties for the costs and expenses incurred in connection with the foreclosure, property preservation and sale of the mortgaged property, including attorneys and other professional fees. 
 
 The purpose of the advances is to provide liquidity, rather than credit enhancement, to the underlying residential mortgage securitization transaction. Most servicer advances are considered top of the waterfall and are generally repaid from amounts received from the related residential mortgage loan pool, and to a lesser extent, payments from the borrower or amounts received from the liquidation of the property securing the loan, which is referred to as loan-level recovery. 
 
 We fund advances primarily from a combination of cash on hand, loan prepayments and secured financing arrangements. Loan prepayments made by the borrowers on the residential mortgage loans underlying the securitizations can only be used to fund principal and interest advances. The servicing agreements with Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae and certain private label securitizations generally have a waterfall payment structure that allows servicers to apply balances received from prepayments to cover principal and interest advance requirements. The ability to apply balances received against prepayments stems from a difference caused by the timing between the remittance of payments under the servicer s advance and remittance obligations, generally several weeks after the due date, and servicer s timeline to remit prepayments, which can be up to a month or more after receipt from the borrower. Because of this timing difference, servicers can effectively borrow against the prepayments received to cover principal and interest advance requirements. As of December 31, 2022, our servicer advance balances were 3.2 billion. 
 
 During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, a servicer is generally required under the applicable servicing agreement to advance its own funds to cover the principal and interest remittances due to investors in the loans, pay property taxes and insurance premiums to third parties, and to make payments for legal expenses and other protective advances. The servicer also advances funds to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors in the loans. Furthermore, servicing agreements generally require a servicer to make advances in respect of serviced residential mortgage loans unless the servicer determines in good faith that the advance would not be ultimately recoverable from the proceeds of the related residential mortgage loan or the mortgaged property. In many cases, if the servicer determines that an advance previously made would not be recoverable from these sources, or if such advance is not recovered when the loan is repaid or related property is liquidated, then, the servicer is, most often, entitled to withdraw funds from the trustee custodial account for payments on the serviced residential mortgage loans to reimburse the applicable advance. This is what is often referred to as a general collections backstop. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Servicer advances may not be recoverable or may take longer to recover than we expect, which could cause us to fail to achieve our targeted return on our Servicer Advance Investments or MSRs. 
 
 We have also invested in rated bonds backed by securitized pools of servicer advances issued through transactions sponsored by mortgage servicers. Servicer advance securitizations are generally rated Master Trust structures with multiple series of notes and one or more variable funding notes sharing in the same pool of collateral. Each note class has a specific advance rate and rating. We may pursue similar investments as opportunities arise. 
 
 We also wholly-own several operating companies that perform various services in the mortgage and real estate industries. Our subsidiary DGG RE Investments LLC d/b/a Guardian Asset Management Guardian is a national provider of field services and property management services, providing in-house property management, inspection and repair service capabilities. We also made a strategic investment in Covius Holdings, Inc. Covius ), a leading provider of technology-enabled services to the mortgage industry. 
 
 Residential Securities, Properties and Loans 
 
 RMBS 
 
 Residential mortgage loans are often packaged into pools held in securitization entities which issue securities (RMBS) collateralized by such loans. Agency RMBS are issued or guaranteed by an Agency. Non-Agency RMBS are issued by either public trusts or private label securitization PLS entities. Agency RMBS generally offer more stable cash flows and historically have been subject to lower credit risk and greater price stability compared to PLS and Non-Agency investments. We invest in both Agency RMBS and Non-Agency RMBS. Our ownership of Agency RMBS is generally meant to act as a hedge to our large MSR portfolio. The Agency RMBS that we may acquire could be secured by fixed-rate mortgages, adjustable-rate 
 7 

mortgages or hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages. More information about certain types of Agency RMBS in which we have invested or may invest is set forth below. 
 
 Mortgage pass-through certificates . Mortgage pass-through certificates are securities representing interests in pools of residential mortgage loans secured by residential real property where payments of both interest and principal, plus pre-paid principal, on the securities are made monthly to holders of the securities, in effect passing through monthly payments made by the individual borrowers on the residential mortgage loans that underlie the securities, net of fees paid in connection with the issuance of the securities and the servicing of the underlying residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Interest Only Agency RMBS . This type of stripped security only entitles the holder to interest payments. The yield to maturity of interest only Agency RMBS is extremely sensitive to the rate of principal payments (particularly prepayments) on the underlying pool of residential mortgage loans. If we decide to invest in these types of securities, we anticipate doing so primarily to take advantage of particularly attractive prepayment-related or structural opportunities in the Agency RMBS markets. 
 
 To-be-announced forward contract positions TBAs . We utilize TBAs in order to invest in Agency RMBS. Pursuant to these TBAs, we agree to purchase or sell, for future delivery, Agency RMBS with certain principal and interest terms and certain types of underlying collateral, but the particular Agency RMBS to be delivered would not be identified until shortly before the TBA settlement date. Our ability to purchase Agency RMBS through TBAs may be limited by the 75 income and asset tests applicable to REITs. 
 
 Specified RMBS Specified Pools ). Specified Pools are pools created with loans that have similar characteristics such as loan balance, FICO, coupon and prepayment protection. We invest in these securities to take advantage of particularly attractive prepayment-related or structural opportunities in the Agency RMBS markets. 
 
 The Non-Agency RMBS we may acquire could be secured by fixed-rate mortgages, adjustable-rate mortgages or hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages. The residential mortgage loan collateral may be classified as conforming or non-conforming, depending on a variety of factors. 
 
 We also retain and own risk retention bonds from our securitizations in conjunction with risk retention regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act. As of December 31, 2022, 57.4 of our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio consisted of bonds retained pursuant to required risk retention regulations. 
 
 RMBS, and in particular Non-Agency RMBS, may be subject to call rights, commonly referred to as cleanup call rights. Call rights permit the holder of the rights to purchase all of the residential mortgage loans which are collateralizing the related securitization for a price generally equal to the outstanding balance of such loans plus interest and certain other amounts (such as outstanding servicer advances and unpaid servicing fees). Call rights may be subject to limitations with respect to when they may be exercised (such as specific dates or upon the reduction of the outstanding balances of the remaining residential mortgage loans to a specified level). Call rights generally become exercisable when the current principal balance of the underlying residential mortgage loans is equal to or lower than 10 of their original balance. 
 
 We pursue opportunities in structured transactions that enable us to realize identified excesses of collateral value over related RMBS value, particularly through the acquisition and execution of call rights. As of December 31, 2022 we control the call rights on Non-Agency deals with a total UPB of approximately 76.0 billion. 
 
 We believe a call right is profitable when the aggregate underlying loan value is greater than the sum of par on the loans minus any discount from acquired bonds plus expenses, including outstanding advances, related to such exercise. Generally, profit with respect to our call rights is generated by: 
 
 acquiring bonds issued by the securitization at a discount, prior to initiating the call, such that the portion of the payment we make to the trust, which is returned to us as bondholders when the call is exercised, exceeds our purchase price for the bonds; 
 
 re-securitizing or selling performing loans for a gain; and 
 
 retaining distressed loans to modify or liquidate over time at a premium to our basis (which results in increases in our portfolio of residential mortgage loans and REO). 
 
 8 

We continue to evaluate the call rights we acquired and our ability to exercise such rights and realize the benefits therefrom are subject to a number of risks. The timing, size and potential returns of future call transactions may be less attractive than our prior activity in this sector due to a number of factors, most of which are beyond our control. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights may be limited or delayed if a third party contests our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights, if the related securitization trustee refuses to permit the exercise of such rights, or if a related party is subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Single-Family Rental Properties 
 
 Our strategy with respect to the SFR business involves purchasing, renovating, maintaining and managing a large number of geographically diversified high-quality residential properties and leasing them to qualified residents. As of December 31, 2022, our SFR portfolio consists of 3,761 units with an aggregate carrying value of 971.3 million, up from 2,551 units with an aggregate carrying value of 579.6 million as of December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we acquired 1,226 and 2,294 SFR units, respectively. 
 
 Our ability to identify and acquire properties that meet our investment criteria is impacted by property prices in our target markets, the inventory of properties available, competition for our target assets and our available capital. Properties added to our portfolio through traditional acquisition channels require expenditures in addition to payment of the purchase price, including property inspections, closing costs, liens, title insurance, transfer taxes, recording fees, broker commissions, property taxes and homeowners association HOA fees, when applicable. In addition, we typically incur costs to renovate a property acquired through traditional acquisition channels to prepare it for rental. Renovation work varies, but may include paint, flooring, cabinetry, appliances, plumbing hardware and other items required to prepare the property for rental. The time and cost involved to prepare our properties for rental can impact our financial performance and varies among properties based on several factors, including the source of acquisition channel and age and condition of the property. Our operating results are also impacted by the amount of time it takes to market and lease a property, which can vary greatly among properties, and is impacted by local demand, our marketing techniques and the size of our available inventory. 
 
 Our revenues are derived primarily from rents collected from tenants for our SFR properties under lease agreements which typically have a term of one to two years. All of our SFR properties are managed through an external property manager. Our rental rates and occupancy levels are affected by macroeconomic factors and local and property-level factors, including market conditions, seasonality and tenant defaults, and the amount of time it takes to turn properties when tenants vacate. In addition, once a property is available for its initial lease, we incur ongoing property-related expenses, which consist primarily of property taxes, insurance, HOA fees (when applicable), utility expenses, repairs and maintenance, leasing costs, marketing expenses and property administration. Before a property is considered rentable, certain of these expenses are capitalized as building and improvements. Once a property becomes rentable, expenditures for ordinary repairs and maintenance thereafter are expensed as incurred, and we capitalize expenditures that improve or extend the life of a property. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 We believe there may be attractive opportunities to invest in portfolios of non-performing and other residential mortgage loans, along with foreclosed properties. We source non-performing residential mortgage loans primarily from two sources: call transactions (discussed above) and third-party pool purchases. 
 
 With respect to our Ginnie Mae securitization and servicing activities, in order to affect a loan modification, we are required to buy the loan out of the securitization. Once the modification is completed, the loan can be sold into a new Ginnie Mae securitization. We may also choose to exercise our unilateral right to repurchase loans that are at least three month delinquent out of a Ginnie Mae securitization (as an alternative to continuing to advance principal and interest payments to the holders of the Ginnie Mae securities). Such repurchases are commonly referred to as Early Buyouts, or EBOs ). 
 
 In addition, as discussed above, our wholly owned subsidiary originates conventional, government-insured and nonconforming residential mortgage loans for sale and securitization. The Agencies guarantee the conventional and government-insured mortgage securitizations and nonconforming loans may be sold through the issuance of private label mortgage securitizations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our residential loan portfolio consisted of: 88 seasoned performing loans, 11 non-performing loans and 1 reperforming loans. 
 9 

Business Purpose Loans 
 
 Genesis provides lending for new acquisition, fix and flip, new construction and rental hold projects across the residential spectrum (including single family, multi-family and production home building). Furthermore, Genesis provides a complementary business and supports our strategy to create, securitize, sell, or retain high coupon, low duration assets for our balance sheet. Finally, Genesis supports our growing SFR strategy and allows us to capture additional unmet demand from our Retail and Wholesale origination channels. Genesis originated 1,723 loans in 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Origination and Servicing Residential Securities, Properties and Loans Origination Servicing MSR Related Investments Total Origination and Servicing Real Estate Securities Properties and Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Mortgage Loans Receivable Corporate Total December 31, 2022 Investments 2,066,798 7,304,637 2,091,507 11,462,942 8,289,277 2,248,591 363,756 2,064,028 24,428,594 Cash and cash equivalents 163,452 440,739 276,690 880,881 381,456 361 605 52,441 20,764 1,336,508 Restricted cash 24,316 136,933 69,347 230,596 4,604 4,627 15,930 25,369 281,126 Other assets 224,705 2,204,127 3,000,911 5,429,743 248,283 324,119 29,375 170,129 146,260 6,347,909 Goodwill 11,836 12,540 5,092 29,468 55,731 85,199 Total assets 2,491,107 10,098,976 5,443,547 18,033,630 8,923,620 2,577,698 409,666 2,367,698 167,024 32,479,336 Debt 1,909,030 4,751,454 3,272,945 9,933,429 7,430,463 1,937,395 299,498 1,733,579 567,371 21,901,735 Other liabilities 214,148 2,081,536 35,052 2,330,736 776,785 272,484 1,176 25,818 160,534 3,567,533 Total liabilities 2,123,178 6,832,990 3,307,997 12,264,165 8,207,248 2,209,879 300,674 1,759,397 727,905 25,469,268 Total equity 367,929 3,265,986 2,135,550 5,769,465 716,372 367,819 108,992 608,301 (560,881) 7,010,068 Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated subsidiaries 12,437 12,193 24,630 42,437 67,067 Total Rithm Capital stockholders equity 355,492 3,265,986 2,123,357 5,744,835 716,372 367,819 66,555 608,301 (560,881) 6,943,001 Investments in equity method investees 72,437 72,437 72,437 
 
 Over time, we expect to opportunistically adjust our portfolio composition in response to market conditions. 
 
 With respect to our Excess MSRs, Servicer Advance Investments, consumer loans and business purpose loans, we engage third-party servicers to service the loans, or loans underlying the investments, as applicable. With respect to our MSRs and residential mortgage loan investments, we service the loans both in-house and with third-party servicers to service the loans underlying the investments. We refer to the servicers and subservicers we engage as our Servicing Partners. As of December 31, 2022, our third-party Servicing Partners include, but are not limited to, Mr. Cooper, LoanCare, PHH, Valon, Flagstar, Specialized Loan Servicing LLC SLS ), Fay Financial LLC Fay and OneMain Holdings, Inc. OneMain ). In addition, NRM is referred to as a Servicing Partner when contextually applicable. 
 
 Investment Guidelines 
 
 We make decisions about our investments in accordance with broad investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. Accordingly, we may, without a stockholder vote, change our target asset classes and acquire a variety of assets that may differ from, and are possibly riskier than, our current portfolio. 
 
 Our board of directors has adopted a broad set of investment guidelines to evaluate specific investments. Our general investment guidelines prohibit any investment that would cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT, and any investment that would cause us to be regulated as an investment company. These investment guidelines may be changed by our board of directors without the approval of our stockholders. If our board of directors changes any of our investment guidelines, we will disclose such changes in our next required periodic report. 
 
 Financing Strategy 
 
 Our objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders, which at times incorporates the use of leverage. The amount of leverage we deploy for a particular investment depends upon an assessment of a variety of factors, which may include the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of our assets; the gap between the duration of assets and liabilities, including hedges; the availability and cost of financing the assets; our opinion of the creditworthiness of financing counterparties; the health of the U.S. economy and the residential mortgage and housing markets; our outlook on interest rates; 
 10 

the credit quality of the loans underlying our investments; and our outlook for asset spreads relative to financing costs. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt Obligations for further details about our debt obligations. 
 
 Hedging Strategy 
 
 We use various hedging instruments and techniques to actively manage and hedge our investment portfolio across various interest rate environments. We expect these instruments and techniques may allow us to reduce, but not eliminate, the impact of changing interest rates on our earnings and liquidity. 
 
 Our interest rate management techniques may include: 
 
 interest rate swap agreements, interest rate cap agreements, exchange-traded derivatives and swaptions; 
 puts and calls on securities or indices of securities; 
 U.S. Treasury securities and options on U.S. Treasury securities; 
 TBAs; and 
 other similar transactions. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, we may, from time to time, utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge the interest rate risk associated with our borrowings and utilize other techniques that we deem appropriate. Under the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to REITs, we generally will be able to enter into certain transactions to hedge indebtedness that we may incur, or plan to incur, to acquire or carry real estate assets, although our total gross income from interest rate hedges that do not meet this requirement and other non-qualifying sources generally must not exceed 5 of our gross income. 
 
 Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, we may also engage in a variety of interest rate management techniques that seek on the one hand to mitigate the influence of interest rate changes on the values of some of our assets and on the other hand help us achieve our risk management objectives. The U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to REITs may require us to implement certain of these techniques through a domestic taxable REIT subsidiary TRS that is fully subject to U.S. federal corporate income taxation. 
 
 Policies with Respect to Certain Other Activities 
 
 Subject to the approval of our board of directors, we have the authority to offer our common stock or other equity or debt securities in exchange for property and to repurchase or otherwise reacquire our shares or any other securities and may engage in such activities in the future. 
 
 We also may make loans to, or provide guarantees of certain obligations of, our subsidiaries. 
 
 Subject to the percentage ownership and gross income and asset tests necessary for REIT qualification, we may invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities. 
 
 We may engage in the purchase and sale of investments. 
 
 Our officers and directors may change any of these policies and our investment guidelines without a vote of our stockholders. In the event that we determine to raise additional equity capital, our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval (subject to certain New York Stock Exchange NYSE requirements), to issue additional common stock or preferred stock in any manner and on such terms and for such consideration it deems appropriate, including in exchange for property. 
 
 Decisions regarding the form and other characteristics of the financing for our investments are made by our officers subject to the general investment guidelines adopted by our board of directors. 
 
 Regulations 
 
 The mortgage industry is subject to a highly complex legal and regulatory framework. Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, including the CFPB, Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HUD ), the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA ), the SEC and various state licensing, supervisory and administrative 
 11 

agencies. Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors such as technological and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the financial services sector. From time to time, we also receive requests from such governmental authorities for records, documents and information relating to the policies, procedures and practices of our loan servicing, origination and collection activities. In addition, we are also subject to periodic reviews and audits from the GSEs, Ginnie Mae, the CFPB, HUD, USDA, VA, state regulatory agencies and others. The legal and regulatory environment in which we operate is also constantly evolving as statutes, regulations and practices, and interpretations thereof, that are in place may be amended or otherwise change, and new statutes, regulations and practices may be enacted, adopted or implemented. We expect to continue to face regulatory scrutiny as an organization and as a participant in the mortgage sector. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries must comply with a large number of federal, state and local consumer protection laws including, among others, the Dodd-Frank Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Homeowners Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, as well as individual state licensing, privacy, foreclosure laws and federal and local bankruptcy rules. These statutes apply to many facets of our subsidiaries businesses, including loan origination, default servicing and collections, use of credit reports, safeguarding of non-public personally identifiable information about customers, foreclosure and claims handling, investment of and interest payments on escrow balances and escrow payment features, and such statutes mandate certain disclosures and notices to borrowers. These requirements can and will change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, interpreted and enforced. 
 
 In addition, various federal, state and local laws have been enacted that are designed to discourage predatory lending and servicing practices. The Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994 HOEPA prohibits inclusion of certain provisions in residential loans that have mortgage rates or origination costs in excess of prescribed levels and requires that borrowers be given certain disclosures prior to origination. Some states have enacted, or may enact, similar laws or regulations, which in some cases impose restrictions and requirements greater than those in HOEPA. In addition, under the anti-predatory lending laws of some states, the origination of certain residential loans, including loans that are not classified as high cost loans under applicable law, must satisfy a net tangible benefits test with respect to the related borrower. This test may be highly subjective and open to interpretation. As a result, a court may determine that a residential loan, for example, does not meet the test even if the related originator reasonably believed that the test was satisfied. Failure of residential loan originators or servicers to comply with these laws, to the extent any of their residential loans are or become part of our mortgage-related assets, could subject us, as a servicer or, in the case of acquired loans, as an assignee or purchaser, to monetary penalties and could result in the borrowers rescinding the affected loans. Lawsuits have been brought in various states making claims against originators, servicers, assignees and purchasers of high cost loans for violations of state law. Named defendants in these cases have included numerous participants within the secondary mortgage market. If our loans are found to have been originated in violation of predatory or abusive lending laws, we could be subject to lawsuits or governmental actions, or we could be fined or incur losses. 
 
 We also must comply with federal, state and local laws related to data privacy and the handling of non-public personal financial information of our customers, including the California Consumer Protection Act CCPA and similar state statutes, and we expect additional states to enact legislation similar to the CCPA, which limit how companies can use customer data and impose obligations on companies in their management of such data. The service providers we use, including outside counsel retained to process foreclosures and bankruptcies, must also comply with some of these legal requirements. Changes to laws, regulations or regulatory policies or their interpretation or implementation and the continued heightening of regulatory requirements could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including damaging our reputation and being subject to fines, legal liabilities or other penalties. 
 
 These and other laws and regulations directly affect our business and require constant compliance monitoring and internal and external audits and examinations by federal and state regulators. We work diligently to assess and understand the implications of the complex regulatory environment in which we operate and strive to meet the requirements of this constantly changing environment. We dedicate substantial resources to regulatory compliance while at the same time striving to meet the needs and expectations of our customers, clients and other stakeholders. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with these requirements. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, and our subsidiaries business results may be significantly impacted by the existing and future laws and regulations to which they are subject. If our subsidiaries performing mortgage lending and servicing activities fail to operate in compliance with both existing and future statutory, regulatory and 
 12 

other requirements, our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Operational and Regulatory Structure 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 
 We have elected and intend to qualify to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various complex requirements under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Internal Revenue Code ), relating to, among other things, the sources of our gross income, the composition and values of our assets, our distribution levels to our stockholders and the concentration of ownership of our capital stock. We believe that, commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2013, we have been organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and that our manner of operation will enable us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. 
 
 1940 Act Exclusion 
 
 We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of the issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the 40 test ). Excluded from the term investment securities, among other things, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exclusion from the definition of investment company for private funds set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 
 We are organized as a holding company that conducts its businesses primarily through wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we do not come within the definition of an investment company because less than 40 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis will consist of investment securities in compliance with the 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act. The value of securities issued by any wholly owned or majority owned subsidiaries that we may form in the future that are excluded from the definition of investment company based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not exceed the 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act. For purposes of the foregoing, we currently treat our interests in SLS servicer advances and our subsidiaries that hold consumer loans as investment securities because these subsidiaries presently rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. We will monitor our holdings to ensure continuing and ongoing compliance with the 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act. In addition, we believe we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because we will not engage primarily or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, through our wholly owned subsidiaries, we will be primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries. 
 
 If the value of securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of investment company by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we own, exceeds the 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (a) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model and our ability to make distributions. 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, we treat our interests in certain of our wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, which constitutes more than 60 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis, as non-investment securities because such subsidiaries qualify for exclusion from the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act (the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion ). The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion generally requires that at least 55 of these subsidiaries assets comprise qualifying real estate assets and at least 80 of each of their portfolios must comprise qualifying real estate assets and real 
 13 

estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. Maintenance of our exclusion under the 1940 Act generally limits the amount of our Section 3(c)(5)(C) subsidiaries investments in non-real estate assets to no more than 20 of our total assets. 
 
 In satisfying the 55 requirement under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion, based on guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and its staff, we treat Agency RMBS issued with respect to an underlying pool of mortgage loans in which we hold all of the certificates issued by the pool as qualifying real estate assets. The SEC and its staff have not published guidance with respect to the treatment of whole pool Non-Agency RMBS for purposes of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. Accordingly, based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff identifying Agency whole pool certificates as qualifying real estate assets under Section 3(c)(5)(C), we treat whole pool Non-Agency RMBS issued with respect to an underlying pool of mortgage loans in which our subsidiary relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) holds all of the certificates issued by the pool as qualifying real estate assets. We also treat whole mortgage loans that each of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) may acquire directly as qualifying real estate assets provided that 100 of the loan is secured by real estate when such subsidiary acquires the loan and the subsidiary has the unilateral right to foreclose on the mortgage. 
 
 Based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff with respect to analogous assets, we treat Excess MSRs for which we do not own the related servicing rights as real estate-related assets for purposes of satisfying the 80 test under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. We treat investments in Agency partial pool RMBS and Non-Agency partial pool RMBS as real estate-related assets for purposes of satisfying the 80 test under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. 
 
 We expect each of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. The SEC may in the future take a view different than or contrary to our analysis with respect to the types of assets we have determined to be qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets. To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance with respect to these matters, or disagrees with our analysis, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments and these limitations could result in the subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. 
 
 Although we monitor our portfolio periodically and prior to each investment origination or acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion from the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act for these subsidiaries. 
 
 To the extent that the SEC staff provides more specific guidance regarding any of the matters bearing upon the exclusions or exceptions we and our subsidiaries rely on from the 1940 Act, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. Any additional guidance from the SEC staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. 
 
 Qualification for an exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act will limit our ability to make certain investments. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment Maintenance of our 1940 Act exclusion imposes limits on our operations. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our overall success depends, in large part, on our ability to acquire target assets on terms consistent with our business and economic model. In acquiring these assets, we expect to compete with banks, REITs, independent mortgage loan originators and servicers, private equity firms, alternative asset managers, hedge funds and other large financial services companies, as well as technology-oriented platforms, often referred to as disruptors, across the broader real estate and financial services industry. Many of our anticipated competitors are significantly larger than we are, have access to greater capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could lead them to offer higher prices for assets that we might be interested in acquiring and cause us to lose bids for those assets. In addition, other potential purchasers of our target assets may be more attractive to sellers of such assets if the sellers believe that these potential purchasers could obtain any necessary third-party approvals and consents more easily than us. 
 
 As it relates to our Mortgage Company (including mortgage related services businesses), we provide various residential mortgage loan and real estate services products. We compete with other lenders across a variety of industry segments. Loan production faces intense competition primarily on the basis of product offerings, brand recognition, technical knowledge, speed of execution, rates and fees. Servicing competes primarily on the price, experience, quality and efficiency of execution and 
 14 

servicing performance. Potential counterparties also assess our ability to demonstrate compliance with local, state, federal regulations and improve technology and processes while controlling our costs. 
 
 In the face of this competition, we expect to take advantage of the experience of members of our management team and their industry expertise which may provide us with a competitive advantage and help us assess potential risks and determine appropriate pricing for certain potential acquisitions of our target assets. In addition, we expect that these relationships will enable us to compete more effectively for attractive acquisition opportunities. However, we may not be able to achieve our business goals or expectations due to the competitive risks that we face. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we completed the Internalization, transitioning from an externally-managed REIT to an internally-managed REIT. In connection with closing the Internalization, we maintained management continuity and team expertise by hiring over 30 full-time employees from our Former Manager, including our executive officers, who contributed substantially to our investment, portfolio management, servicing, financial reporting and related operations. Our executive management team oversees our human capital resources and employment practices to ensure that an asset as important as our employees are strategically integrated with our goals and business plans as a manager of assets and investments focused on the real estate and financial services industries. 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 
 We believe that our employees are one of our strongest resources. We seek out talented, driven and diverse individuals who work together to positively impact the lives of our team members, shareholders and the communities we serve. Further, we are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion best practices in all phases of the employee life cycle, including recruitment, training and development and promotion, and we are consistently working to achieve greater workplace diversity. 
 
 We have been and will continue to be an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring, developing and supporting a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. To ensure full implementation of this equal employment policy, we take steps to ensure that persons are recruited, hired, assigned and promoted without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. We reward our employees based on merit and their contributions in accordance with the requirements of the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission. 
 
 We maintain policies that reinforce and enhance our commitment to high ethical standards, corporate governance and internal controls, to provide the best and most competitive service to our customers in order to enhance stockholder value. We promote a workplace that is free of harassment and discriminatory and retaliatory practices. In keeping with these priorities, we maintain an open-door policy for conflict management and require interactive harassment prevention training at least once per year for both managers and employees consistent with applicable state and local laws. We regularly re-evaluate our internal policies, including codes of ethics, corporate governance, disclosure controls, anti-discrimination, harassment, retaliation and related complaint procedures, insider trading and related party transaction activity. 
 
 Additionally, we work to ensure our commitments to diversity, equity and inclusion are reflected throughout our operating companies. 
 
 Employee Compensation Employee Engagement 
 
 We recognize employee engagement and retention as a critical factor to our success and are committed to maintaining a work environment in which employee growth and advancement are very important. We strive to recognize and reward noteworthy performance, evaluated through periodic reviews with each employee. We seek to attract and retain the most relevant and skilled employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, including both fixed and variable pay, consisting of base salary, cash bonuses, equity-based compensation consistent with employee position and seniority, and opportunities for merit-based increases. Additionally, among other benefits, we provide our employees with comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage, life and long-term disability insurance, critical illness coverage and supplemental accident insurance. 
 
 15 

As of December 31, 2022, we have 5,763 employees, of which 5,723 are employees of our operating entities. We also engage contractors and consultants. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 The table below summarizes the number of our employees by function: 
 Function Number of Employees Origination 2,922 Servicing 2,343 Services businesses 185 Corporate 313 Total 5,763 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a discussion of our legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings in this report. 
 
 Corporate Governance and Internet Address; Where Readers Can Find Additional Information 
 
 We emphasize the importance of professional business conduct and ethics through our corporate governance initiatives. Our board of directors consists of a majority of independent directors, and the Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Compensation committees of our board of directors are composed exclusively of independent directors. We have adopted corporate governance guidelines, and codes of business conduct and ethics, which delineate our standards for our officers, directors and employees. 
 
 Rithm Capital files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public from the SEC s internet site at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Our internet site is http://www.rithmcap.com. We make available free of charge through our internet site our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also posted on our website in the Investors Governance section are charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as well as our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics governing our directors, officers and employees. Information on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Investing in our stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. If any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risk factors summarized below are categorized as follows: (i) Risks Related to Our Business, (ii) Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment, (iii) Risks Related to Our Financing Arrangements, (iv) Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT, (v) Risks Related to Our Stock and (vi) General Risks. However, these categories do overlap and should not be considered exclusive. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 We may not realize some or all of the targeted benefits of the Internalization. 
 
 The failure to find adequate internal replacements for services that were previously provided by our Former Manager prior to the Internalization could impede our ability to achieve the targeted cost savings of the Internalization and adversely affect our operations. In addition, complexities arising from the Internalization could increase our overhead costs and detract from management s ability to focus on operating our business. There can be no assurance we will be able to realize the expected cost savings of the Internalization. 
 
 16 

We may not be able to successfully operate our business strategy or generate sufficient revenue to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully operate our business or implement our operating policies and strategies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient returns to pay our operating expenses, satisfy our debt obligations and pay dividends to our stockholders. Our results of operations and our ability to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders depend on several factors, including the availability of opportunities to acquire attractive assets, the level and volatility of interest rates, the performance of our origination and servicing businesses, the availability of adequate short- and long-term financing, and conditions in the real estate market, the financial markets and economic conditions. 
 
 The value of our investments is based on various assumptions that could prove to be incorrect and could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 When we make investments, we base the price we pay on, among other things, our projection of the cash flows from the investments. We generally record such investments on our balance sheet at fair value and we measure their fair value on a recurring basis. Our projections of the cash flow from our investments, and the determination of the fair value thereof, are based on assumptions about various factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 rates of prepayment and repayment of the underlying loans; 
 potential fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and credit spreads; 
 rates of delinquencies and defaults, and related loss severities; 
 costs of engaging a subservicer to service MSRs; 
 market discount rates; 
 in the case of Excess MSRs, recapture rates; and 
 in the case of Servicer Advance Investments and servicer advances receivable, the amount and timing of servicer advances and recoveries. 
 
 Our assumptions could differ materially from actual results. The use of different estimates or assumptions in connection with the valuation of these investments could produce materially different fair values for such investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. The ultimate realization of the value of our investments may be materially different than the fair values of such investments as reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of any particular date. 
 
 Significant and widespread decreases in the fair values of our assets could result in the potential impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets and could also cause us to breach the financial covenants under our borrowing facilities or other agreements related to liquidity, net worth, leverage or other financial metrics. Such covenants, if breached, may require us to immediately repay all outstanding amounts borrowed, if any, under these facilities, could cause these facilities to become unavailable for future financing, and could trigger cross-defaults under other debt agreements. In any such scenario, we could engage in discussions with our financing counterparties with regard to such covenants; however, we cannot predict whether our financing counterparties would negotiate terms or agreements in respect of these financial covenants, the timing of any such negotiations or agreements or the terms thereof. A continued reduction in our cash flows could impact our ability to continue paying dividends to our stockholders at expected levels or at all. 
 
 We refer to our MSRs, MSR financing receivables, Excess MSRs and the basic fee portion of the related MSRs included in our Servicer Advance Investments, collectively, as our interests in MSRs. 
 
 With respect to our investments in interests in MSRs, residential mortgage loans and consumer loans and a portion of our RMBS, when the related loans are prepaid as a result of a refinancing or otherwise, the related cash flows payable to us will either, in the case of interest-only RMBS, and/or interests in MSRs, cease (unless, in the case of our interests in MSRs, the loans are recaptured upon a refinancing), or we will cease to receive interest income on such investments, as applicable. Borrowers under residential mortgage loans and consumer loans are generally permitted to prepay their loans at any time without penalty. Our expectation of prepayment rates is a significant assumption underlying our cash flow projections. Prepayment rate is the measurement of how quickly borrowers pay down the UPB of their loans or how quickly loans are otherwise brought current, modified, liquidated or charged off. A significant increase in prepayment rates could materially reduce the ultimate cash flows and/or interest income, as applicable, we receive from our investments, and we could ultimately receive substantially less than what we paid for such assets, decreasing the fair value of our investments. If the fair value of our investment portfolio decreases, we would generally be required to record a non-cash charge, which would have a negative 
 17 

impact on our financial results. Consequently, the price we pay to acquire our investments may prove to be too high if there is a significant increase in prepayment rates. 
 
 The values of our investments are highly sensitive to changes in interest rates. Historically, the value of MSRs, which underpin the value of our investments, including interests in MSRs, has increased when interest rates rise and decreased when interest rates decline due to the effect of changes in interest rates on prepayment rates. The significant dislocation in the financial markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic caused, among other things, a sharp decrease in interest rates in 2020 and 2021. In 2022, however, in response to the inflationary pressures driven by ongoing supply chain disruptions, the lingering effects of fiscal stimulus provided during the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine the Federal Reserve rapidly raised interest rates and indicated it anticipates further interest rate increases. 
 
 Moreover, delinquency rates have a significant impact on the value of our investments. When the UPB of mortgage loans cease to be a part of the aggregate UPB of the serviced loan pool (for example, when delinquent loans are foreclosed on or repurchased, or otherwise sold, from a securitized pool), the related cash flows payable to us, as the holder of an interest in the related MSR, cease. An increase in delinquencies will generally result in lower revenue because typically we will only collect on our interests in MSRs from the Agencies or mortgage owners for performing loans. An increase in delinquencies with respect to the loans underlying our servicer advances could also result in a higher advance balance and the need to obtain additional financing, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, in the case of residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, business purpose loans, and RMBS that we own, an increase in foreclosures could result in an acceleration of repayments, resulting in a decrease in interest income. Alternatively, increases in delinquencies and defaults could also adversely affect our investments in RMBS, residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, and/or business purpose loans if and to the extent that losses are suffered on residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, business purpose loans or, in the case of RMBS, the residential mortgage loans underlying such RMBS. Accordingly, if delinquencies are significantly greater than expected, the estimated fair value of these investments could be diminished. As a result, we could suffer a loss, which would have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 We are party to several recapture agreements whereby our MSR or Excess MSR is retained if the applicable Servicing Partner originates a new loan the proceeds of which are used to repay a loan underlying an MSR or Excess MSR in our portfolio. We believe that such agreements will mitigate the impact on our returns in the event of a rise in voluntary prepayment rates, with respect to investments where we have such agreements. There are no assurances, however, that counterparties will enter into such arrangements with us in connection with any future investment in MSRs or Excess MSRs. We are not party to any such arrangements with respect to any of our investments other than MSRs and Excess MSRs. 
 
 If the applicable Servicing Partner does not meet anticipated recapture targets, the servicing cash flow on a given pool could be significantly lower than projected, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of our MSRs or Excess MSRs and consequently on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our recapture target for our current recapture agreements is stated in the table in Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Servicer advances may not be recoverable or may take longer to recover than we expect, which could cause us to fail to achieve our targeted return on our Servicer Advance Investments or MSRs. 
 
 We are generally required to make servicer advances related to the pools of loans for which we are the named servicer. In addition, we have agreed (in the case of Mr. Cooper, together with certain third-party investors) to purchase from our Servicing Partners all servicer advances related to certain loan pools, as a result of which we are entitled to amounts representing repayment for such advances. During any period in which a borrower is not making payments, a servicer is generally required under the applicable servicing agreement to advance its own funds to cover the principal and interest remittances due to investors in the loans, pay property taxes and insurance premiums to third parties and to make payments for legal expenses and other protective advances. The servicer also advances funds to maintain, repair and market real estate properties on behalf of investors in the loans. 
 
 Repayment of servicer advances and payment of deferred servicing fees are generally made from late payments and other collections and recoveries on the related residential mortgage loan (including liquidation, insurance and condemnation proceeds) or, if the related servicing agreement provides for a general collections backstop, from collections on other residential mortgage loans to which such servicing agreement relates. The rate and timing of payments on servicer advances and deferred servicing fees are unpredictable for several reasons, including the following: 
 
 payments on the servicer advances and the deferred servicing fees depend on the source of repayment and whether and when the related servicer receives such payment (certain servicer advances are reimbursable only out of late payments and other collections and recoveries on the related residential mortgage loan, while others are also reimbursable out of 
 18 

principal and interest collections with respect to all residential mortgage loans serviced under the related servicing agreement, and as a consequence, the timing of such reimbursement is highly uncertain); 
 the length of time necessary to obtain liquidation proceeds may be affected by conditions in the real estate market or the financial markets generally, the availability of financing for the acquisition of the real estate and other factors, including, but not limited to, government intervention; 
 the length of time necessary to effect a foreclosure may be affected by variations in the laws of the particular jurisdiction in which the related mortgaged property is located, including whether or not foreclosure requires judicial action; 
 the requirements for judicial actions for foreclosure (which can result in substantial delays in reimbursement of servicer advances and payment of deferred servicing fees), which vary from time to time as a result of changes in applicable state law; and 
 the ability of the related servicer to sell delinquent residential mortgage loans to third parties prior to a sale of the underlying real estate, resulting in the early reimbursement of outstanding unreimbursed servicer advances in respect of such residential mortgage loans. 
 
 As home values change, the servicer may have to reconsider certain of the assumptions underlying its decisions to make advances. In certain situations, its contractual obligations may require the servicer to make certain advances for which it may not be reimbursed. For example, a servicer may not ultimately be reimbursed if both (i) the payments from related loan, property or mortgagor payments are insufficient for reimbursement and (ii) a general collections backstop is not available or is insufficient. Also, if a servicer improperly makes a servicer advance, it would not be entitled to reimbursement. In addition, when a residential mortgage loan defaults or becomes delinquent, the repayment of the advance may be delayed until the residential mortgage loan is repaid or refinanced, or a liquidation occurs. To the extent that one of our Servicing Partners fails to recover the servicer advances in which we have invested, or takes longer than we expect to recover such advances, the value of our investment could be adversely affected and we could fail to achieve our expected return and suffer losses. Accordingly, while we do not expect recovery rates to vary materially during the term of our investments, there can be no assurance regarding future recovery rates related to our portfolio. 
 
 We rely on our Servicing Partners to achieve our investment objective and have no direct ability to influence their performance. 
 
 The value of our investments is dependent on the satisfactory performance of servicing obligations by the related mortgage servicer or subservicer, as applicable. The duties and obligations of mortgage servicers are defined through contractual agreements, generally referred to as Servicing Guides in the case of GSEs, the MBS Guide in the case of Ginnie Mae or pooling agreements, securitization servicing agreements, pooling and servicing agreements or other similar agreements (collectively, PSAs in the case of Non-Agency RMBS (collectively, the Servicing Guidelines ). The duties of the subservicers we engage to service the loans underlying our MSRs are contained in subservicing agreements with our subservicers. The duties of a subservicer under a subservicing agreement may not be identical to the obligations of the servicer under Servicing Guidelines. Our interests in MSRs are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the applicable Servicing Guidelines. Servicing Guidelines generally provide for the possibility of termination of the contractual rights of the servicer in the absolute discretion of the owner of the mortgages being serviced (or the required bondholders in the case of Non-Agency RMBS). Under the Agency Servicing Guidelines, the servicer may be terminated by the applicable Agency for any reason, with or without cause, for all or any portion of the loans being serviced for such Agency. In the event mortgage owners (or bondholders) terminate the servicer (regardless of whether such servicer is a subsidiary of Rithm Capital or one of its subservicers), the related interests in MSRs would under most circumstances lose all value on a going forward basis. If the servicer is terminated as servicer for any Agency pools, the servicer s right to service the related mortgage loans will be extinguished and our interests in related MSRs will likely lose all of their value. Any recovery in such circumstances, in the case of Non-Agency RMBS, will be highly conditioned and may require, among other things, a new servicer willing to pay for the right to service the applicable residential mortgage loans while assuming responsibility for the origination and prior servicing of the residential mortgage loans. In addition, in the case of Agency MSRs, any payment received from a successor servicer will be applied first to pay the applicable Agency for all of its claims and costs, including claims and costs against the servicer that do not relate to the residential mortgage loans for which we own interests in the MSRs. A termination could also result in an event of default under our related financings. It is expected that any termination of a servicer by mortgage owners (or bondholders) would take effect across all mortgages of such mortgage owners (or bondholders) and would not be limited to a particular vintage or other subset of mortgages. Therefore, it is possible that all investments with a given servicer would lose all their value in the event mortgage owners (or bondholders) terminate such servicer. See We have significant counterparty concentration risk in certain of our 
 19 

Servicing Partners and are subject to other counterparty concentration and default risks. As a result, we could be materially and adversely affected if one of our Servicing Partners is unable to adequately carry out its duties as a result of: 
 
 its failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations; 
 its failure to comply with contractual and financing obligations and covenants; 
 a downgrade in, or failure to maintain, any of its servicer ratings; 
 its failure to maintain sufficient liquidity or access to sources of liquidity; 
 its failure to perform its loss mitigation obligations; 
 its failure to perform adequately in its external audits; 
 a failure in or poor performance of its operational systems or infrastructure; 
 regulatory or legal scrutiny or regulatory actions regarding any aspect of a servicer s operations, including, but not limited to, servicing practices and foreclosure processes lengthening foreclosure timelines; 
 an Agency s or a whole-loan owner s transfer of servicing to another party; or 
 any other reason. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, our Servicing Partners are subject to numerous legal proceedings, federal, state or local governmental examinations, investigations or enforcement actions which could adversely affect their reputation and their liquidity, financial position and results of operations. Mortgage servicers, including certain of our Servicing Partners, have experienced heightened regulatory scrutiny and enforcement actions and our Servicing Partners could be adversely affected by the market s perception that they could experience, or continue to experience, regulatory issues. See Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment Certain of our Servicing Partners have been and are subject to federal and state regulatory matters and other litigation, which may adversely impact us. 
 
 Loss mitigation techniques are intended to reduce the probability that borrowers will default on their loans and to minimize losses when defaults occur, and they may include the modification of mortgage loan rates, principal balances and maturities. If any of our Servicing Partners fail to adequately perform their loss mitigation obligations, we could be required to make or purchase, as applicable, servicer advances in excess of those that we might otherwise have had to make or purchase and the time period for collecting servicer advances may extend. Any increase in servicer advances or material increase in the time to resolution of a defaulted loan could result in increased capital requirements and financing costs for us and our co-investors and could adversely affect our liquidity and net income. In the event that one of our servicers from which we are obligated to purchase servicer advances is required by the applicable Servicing Guidelines to make advances in excess of amounts that we or, in the case of Mr. Cooper, the co-investors, are willing or able to fund, such servicer may not be able to fund these advance requests, which could result in a termination event under the applicable Servicing Guidelines, an event of default under our advance facilities and a breach of our purchase agreement with such servicer. As a result, we could experience a partial or total loss of the value of our Servicer Advance Investments. 
 
 MSRs and servicer advances are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations and may be subject to various judicial and administrative decisions. If the Servicing Partner actually or allegedly failed to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, it could be terminated as the servicer, and could lead to civil and criminal liability, loss of licensing, damage to our reputation and litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, servicer advances that are improperly made may not be eligible for financing under our facilities and may not be reimbursable by the related securitization trust or other owner of the residential mortgage loan, which could cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 Favorable servicer ratings from third-party rating agencies, such as S P Global Ratings S P ), Moody s Investors Service Moody s and Fitch Ratings Fitch ), are important to the conduct of a mortgage servicer s loan servicing business, and a downgrade in a Servicing Partner s servicer ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of our interests in MSRs and result in an event of default under our financings. Downgrades in a Servicing Partner s servicer ratings could adversely affect our ability to finance our assets and maintain their status as an approved servicer by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Downgrades in servicer ratings could also lead to the early termination of existing advance facilities and affect the terms and availability of financing that a Servicing Partner or we may seek in the future. A Servicing Partner s failure to maintain favorable or specified ratings may cause their termination as a servicer and may impair their ability to consummate future servicing transactions, which could result in an event of default under our financing for servicer advances and have an adverse effect on the value of our investments because we will rely heavily on Servicing Partners to achieve our investment objectives and have no direct ability to influence their performance. 
 
 For additional information about the ways in which we may be affected by mortgage servicers, see The value of our interests in MSRs, servicer advances, residential mortgage loans, business purpose loans, and RMBS may be adversely affected by deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices, as well as related delays in the foreclosure process. 
 20 

A number of lawsuits, including class-actions, have been filed against mortgage servicers alleging improper servicing in connection with residential Non-Agency mortgage securitizations. Investors in, and counterparties to, such securitizations may commence legal action against us and responding to such claims, and any related losses, could negatively impact our business. 
 
 A number of lawsuits, including class actions, have been filed against mortgage servicers alleging improper servicing in connection with residential Non-Agency mortgage securitizations. Investors in, and counterparties to, such securitizations may commence legal action against us and responding to such claims, and any related losses, could negatively impact our business. The number of counterparties on behalf of which we service loans significantly increases as the size of our Non-Agency MSR portfolio increases and we may become subject to claims and legal proceedings, including purported class-actions, in the ordinary course of our business, challenging whether our loan servicing practices and other aspects of our business comply with applicable laws, agreements and regulatory requirements. We are unable to predict whether any such claims will be made, the ultimate outcome of any such claims, the possible loss, if any, associated with the resolution of such claims or the potential impact any such claims may have on us or our business and operations. Regardless of the merit of any such claims or lawsuits, defending any claims or lawsuits may be time consuming and costly and we may be required to expend significant internal resources and incur material expenses, and management time may be diverted from other aspects of our business, in connection therewith. Further, if our efforts to defend any such claims or lawsuits are not successful, our business could be materially and adversely affected. As a result of investor and other counterparty claims, we could also suffer reputational damage and trustees, lenders and other counterparties could cease wanting to do business with us. 
 
 Failure to successfully modify, resell or refinance early buyout loans or defaults of the early buyout loans beyond expected levels may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 As a mortgage servicer, we have an EBO option for loans at least three months delinquent in our Ginnie Mae MSR portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital holds approximately 1.2 billion in residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchasing delinquent Ginnie Mae loans provides us with an alternative to our mortgage servicing obligation of advancing principal and interest at the coupon rate of the related Ginnie Mae security. While our EBO program reduces the cost of servicing the Ginnie Mae loans, it may also accelerate loss recognition when the loans are repurchased because we are required to write off accumulated non-reimbursable interest advances and other costs. In addition, after purchasing the delinquent Ginnie Mae loans, we expect to resecuritize many of the delinquent loans into another Ginnie Mae guaranteed security upon the delinquent loans becoming current either through the borrower s reperformance or through the completion of a loan modification; however, there is no guarantee that any delinquent loan will reperform or be modified. Failure to successfully modify, resell or refinance our repurchased Ginnie Mae loans or if a significant portion of the repurchased Ginnie Mae loans default may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to acquire and/or transfer MSRs may be subject to the approval of various third parties and such approvals may not be provided on a timely basis or at all, or may be subject to conditions, representations and warranties and indemnities. 
 
 Our ability to acquire and/or transfer MSRs may be subject to the approval of various third parties and such approvals may not be provided on a timely basis or at all, or may be conditioned upon our satisfaction of significant conditions which could require material expenditures and the provision of significant representations, warranties and indemnities. Such third parties may include the Agencies and the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA with respect to agency MSRs, and securitization trustees, master servicers, depositors, rating agencies and insurers, among others, with respect to Non-Agency MSRs. The process of obtaining any such approvals required for a servicing transfer, especially with respect to Non-Agency MSRs, may be time consuming and costly and we may be required to expend significant internal resources and incur material expenses in connection with such transactions. Further, the parties from whom approval is necessary may require that we provide significant representations and warranties and broad indemnities as a condition to their consent, which such representations and warranties and indemnities, if given, may expose us to material risks in addition to those arising under the related servicing agreements. Consenting parties may also charge a material consent fee and may require that we reimburse them for the legal expenses they incur in connection with their approval of the servicing transfer, which such expenses may include costs relating to substantial contract due diligence and may be significant. No assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully obtain the consents required to acquire the MSRs that we have agreed to purchase. 
 
 We have significant counterparty concentration risk in certain of our Servicing Partners and are subject to other counterparty concentration and default risks. 
 
 We are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of our transactions with a few counterparties. Any loss suffered by us as a result of a counterparty defaulting, refusing to conduct business with us or 
 21 

imposing more onerous terms on us would also negatively affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Our interests in MSRs relate to loans serviced or subserviced, as applicable, by our Servicing Partners. As disclosed in Notes 5, 6 and 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, certain of our Servicing Partners service and/or subservice a substantial portion of our interests in MSRs. If any of these Servicing Partners is the named servicer of the related MSR and is terminated, its servicing performance deteriorates, or in the event that any of them files for bankruptcy, our expected returns on these investments could be severely impacted. In addition, a large portion of the loans underlying our Non-Agency RMBS are serviced by certain of our Servicing Partners. We closely monitor our Servicing Partners mortgage servicing performance and overall operating performance, financial condition and liquidity, as well as their compliance with applicable regulations and Servicing Guidelines. We have various information, access and inspection rights in our agreements with these Servicing Partners that enable us to monitor aspects of their financial and operating performance and credit quality, which we periodically evaluate and discuss with their management. However, we have no direct ability to influence our Servicing Partners performance, and our diligence cannot prevent, and may not even help us anticipate, the termination of any such Servicing Partners servicing agreement or a severe deterioration of any of our Servicing Partners servicing performance on our portfolio of interests in MSRs. 
 
 Furthermore, certain of our Servicing Partners are subject to numerous legal proceedings, federal, state or local governmental examinations, investigations or enforcement actions, which could adversely affect their operations, reputation and liquidity, financial position and results of operations. See Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment Certain of our Servicing Partners have been and are subject to federal and state regulatory matters and other litigation, which may adversely impact us for more information. 
 
 None of our Servicing Partners has an obligation to offer us any future co-investment opportunity on the same terms as prior transactions, or at all, and we may not be able to find suitable counterparties from which to acquire interests in MSRs, which could impact our business strategy. See We rely heavily on our Servicing Partners to achieve our investment objective and have no direct ability to influence their performance. 
 
 Repayment of the outstanding amount of servicer advances (including payment with respect to deferred servicing fees) may be subject to delay, reduction or set-off in the event that the related Servicing Partner breaches any of its obligations under the Servicing Guidelines, including, without limitation, any failure of such Servicing Partner to perform its servicing and advancing functions in accordance with the terms of such Servicing Guidelines. If any applicable Servicing Partner is terminated or resigns as servicer and the applicable successor servicer does not purchase all outstanding servicer advances at the time of transfer, collection of the servicer advances will be dependent on the performance of such successor servicer and, if applicable, reliance on such successor servicer s compliance with the first-in, first-out or FIFO provisions of the Servicing Guidelines. In addition, such successor servicers may not agree to purchase the outstanding advances on the same terms as our current purchase arrangements and may require, as a condition of their purchase, modification to such FIFO provisions, which could further delay our repayment and adversely affect the returns from our investment. 
 
 We are subject to substantial other operational risks associated with our Servicing Partners in connection with the financing of servicer advances. In our current financing facilities for servicer advances, the failure of our Servicing Partner to satisfy various covenants and tests can result in an amortization event and/or an event of default. We have no direct ability to control our Servicing Partners compliance with those covenants and tests. Failure of our Servicing Partners to satisfy any such covenants or tests could result in a partial or total loss on our investment. 
 
 In addition, our Servicing Partners are party to our servicer advance financing agreements, with respect to those advances where they service or subservice the loans underlying the related MSRs. Our ability to obtain financing for these assets is dependent on our Servicing Partners agreement to be a party to the related financing agreements. If our Servicing Partners do not agree to be a party to these financing agreements for any reason, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to obtain financing on such assets is dependent on our Servicing Partners ability to satisfy various tests under such financing arrangements. Breaches and other events with respect to our Servicing Partners (which may include, without limitation, failure of a Servicing Partner to satisfy certain financial tests) could cause certain or all of the relevant servicer advance financing to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 We are dependent on our Servicing Partners as the servicer or subservicer of the residential mortgage loans with respect to which we hold interests in MSRs and their servicing practices may impact the value of certain of our assets. We may be adversely impacted: 
 
 by regulatory actions taken against our Servicing Partners; 
 22 

by a default by one of our Servicing Partners under their debt agreements; 
 by downgrades in our Servicing Partners servicer ratings; 
 if our Servicing Partners fail to ensure their servicer advances comply with the terms of their Pooling and Servicing Agreements PSAs 
 if our Servicing Partners were terminated as servicer under certain PSAs; 
 if our Servicing Partners become subject to a bankruptcy proceeding; or 
 if our Servicing Partners fail to meet their obligations or are deemed to be in default under the indenture governing notes issued under any servicer advance facility with respect to which such Servicing Partner is the servicer. 
 
 Our interests in MSRs relate to loans serviced or subserviced, as applicable, by our Servicing Partners. As disclosed in Notes 5, 6 and 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, certain of our Servicing Partners service and/or subservice a substantial portion of our interests in MSRs. In addition, Mr. Cooper is currently the servicer for a significant portion of our loans, and the loans underlying our RMBS. If the servicing performance of one of our subservicers deteriorates, if one of our subservicers files for bankruptcy or if one of our subservicers is otherwise unwilling or unable to continue to subservice MSRs for us, our expected returns on these investments would be severely impacted. In addition, if a subservicer becomes subject to a regulatory consent order or similar enforcement proceeding, that regulatory action could adversely affect us in several ways. For example, the regulatory action could result in delays of transferring servicing from an interim subservicer to our designated successor subservicer or cause the subservicer s performance to degrade. Any such development would negatively affect our expected returns on these investments and such effect could be materially adverse to our business and results of operations. We closely monitor each subservicer s mortgage servicing performance and overall operating performance, financial condition and liquidity, as well as its compliance with applicable regulations and GSE servicing guidelines. We have various information, access and inspection rights in our respective agreements with our subservicers that enable us to monitor their financial and operating performance and credit quality, which we periodically evaluate and discuss with each subservicer s respective management. However, we have no direct ability to influence each subservicer s performance, and our diligence cannot prevent, and may not even help us anticipate, a severe deterioration of each subservicer s respective servicing performance on our MSR portfolio. 
 
 Moreover, we are party to repurchase agreements with a limited number of counterparties. If any of our counterparties elected not to renew our repurchase agreements, we may not be able to find a replacement counterparty, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Our risk-management processes may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not take sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. Although we will monitor our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate, such as a pandemic like the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses. 
 
 In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or Servicing Partner, we could incur material losses rapidly, and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could seriously harm our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In the event that one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty s default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty or the applicable legal regime governing the bankruptcy proceeding. 
 
 A bankruptcy of any of our Servicing Partners could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 If any of our Servicing Partners becomes subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, we could be materially and adversely affected, and you could suffer losses, as discussed below. 
 
 A sale of MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or other assets, including loans, could be re-characterized as a pledge of such assets in a bankruptcy proceeding. 
 
 We believe that a mortgage servicer s transfer to us of MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or any other asset transferred pursuant to a related purchase agreement, including loans, constitutes a sale of such assets, in which case such assets would not be part of such servicer s bankruptcy estate. The servicer (as debtor-in-possession in the bankruptcy proceeding), a bankruptcy trustee appointed in such servicer s bankruptcy proceeding, or any other party in interest, however, might assert in a bankruptcy proceeding MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or any other assets transferred to us pursuant to the related purchase agreement were not sold to us but were instead pledged to us as security for such servicer s obligation to repay amounts paid by us to the servicer pursuant to the related purchase agreement. If such assertion were successful, all or part of the MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or any other asset transferred to us pursuant to the related purchase 
 23 

agreement would constitute property of the bankruptcy estate of such servicer and our rights against the servicer could be those of a secured creditor with a lien on such present and future assets. 
 
 If such a recharacterization occurs, the validity or priority of our security interest in the MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or other assets could be challenged in a bankruptcy proceeding of such servicer. 
 
 If the purchases pursuant to the related purchase agreement are recharacterized as secured financings as set forth above, we nevertheless created and perfected security interests with respect to the MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances and other assets that we may have purchased from such servicer by including a pledge of collateral in the related purchase agreement and filing financing statements in appropriate jurisdictions. Nonetheless, to the extent we have created and perfected a security interest, our security interests may be challenged and ruled unenforceable, ineffective or subordinated by a bankruptcy court, and the amount of our claims may be disputed so as not to include all MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances to be collected. If this were to occur, or if we have not created a security interest, then the servicer s obligations to us with respect to purchased MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or other assets would be deemed unsecured obligations, payable from unencumbered assets to be shared among all of such servicer s unsecured creditors. In addition, even if the security interests are found to be valid and enforceable, if a bankruptcy court determines that the value of the collateral is less than such servicer s underlying obligations to us, the difference between such value and the total amount of such obligations will be deemed an unsecured deficiency claim and the same result will occur with respect to such unsecured claim. In addition, even if the security interest is found to be valid and enforceable, such servicer would have the right to use the proceeds of our collateral subject to either (a) our consent or (b) approval by the bankruptcy court, subject to providing us with adequate protection under U.S. bankruptcy laws. Such servicer also would have the ability to confirm a chapter 11 plan over our objections if the plan complied with the cramdown requirements under U.S. bankruptcy laws. 
 
 Payments made by a servicer to us could be voided by a court under federal or state preference laws. 
 
 If one of our Servicing Partners were to file, or to become the subject of, a bankruptcy proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or similar state insolvency laws, and our security interest (if any) is declared unenforceable, ineffective or subordinated, payments previously made by a servicer to us pursuant to the related purchase agreement may be recoverable on behalf of the bankruptcy estate as preferential transfers. 
 
 If the court were to determine that any payments were avoidable as preferential transfers, we would be required to return such payments to such servicer s bankruptcy estate and would have an unsecured claim against such servicer with respect to such returned amounts. 
 
 Payments made to us by such servicer, or obligations incurred by it, could be voided by a court under federal or state fraudulent conveyance laws. 
 
 The mortgage servicer (as debtor-in-possession in the bankruptcy proceeding), a bankruptcy trustee appointed in such servicer s bankruptcy proceeding, or another party in interest could also claim that such servicer s transfer to us of MSRs or interests in MSRs and servicer advances or other assets or such servicer s agreement to incur obligations to us under the related purchase agreement was a fraudulent conveyance. Although we believe that no such transfer, interest, advance or agreement constitutes a fraudulent conveyance, if any transfer or incurrence is determined to be a fraudulent conveyance, our Servicing Partner, as applicable (as debtor-in-possession in the bankruptcy proceeding), or a bankruptcy trustee on such Servicing Partner s behalf would be entitled to recover such transfer or to avoid the obligation previously incurred. 
 
 Additionally, any bankruptcy proceeding of one of our Servicing Partners could create the following risks: 
 
 Any purchase agreement pursuant to which we purchase interests in MSRs, servicer advances or other assets, including loans, or any subservicing agreement between us and a subservicer on our behalf could be rejected in a bankruptcy proceeding of one of our Servicing Partners or counterparties; 
 A bankruptcy court could stay a transfer of servicing to another servicer; 
 Any Subservicing Agreement could be rejected in a bankruptcy proceeding; 
 Our Servicing Partners could discontinue servicing; 
 An automatic stay under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code may prevent the ongoing receipt of servicing fees or other amounts due; and 
 A default on our MSR, Excess MSR and servicer advance financing facilities could negatively impact our ability to continue to purchase interests in MSRs. 
 
 24 

Certain of our subsidiaries originate and service residential mortgage loans, which subject us to various operational risks that could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 
 Certain subsidiaries of Rithm Capital perform various mortgage and real estate related services and have origination and servicing operations, which entail borrower-facing activities and employing personnel. Owning entities that perform these and other operations could expose us to risks similar to those of our Servicing Partners, as well as various other risks, including, but not limited to those pertaining to: 
 
 risks related to compliance with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements; 
 significant increases in delinquencies for the loans; 
 compliance with the terms of related servicing agreements; 
 financing related servicer advances and the origination business; 
 expenses related to servicing high risk loans; 
 unrecovered or delayed recovery of servicing advances; 
 a general risk in foreclosure rates, which may ultimately reduce the number of mortgages that we service (also see The residential mortgage loans underlying the securities we invest in and the loans we directly invest in are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could result in losses to us. 
 maintaining the size of the related servicing portfolio and the volume of the origination business; 
 compliance with FHA underwriting guidelines; and 
 termination of government mortgage refinancing programs. 
 
 Any of the foregoing risks, among others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Climate change, climate change-related regulation and the increased focus on environmental, social and governance issues, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on the development of real estate. Such restrictions and requirements could impact our investment strategy or could increase costs for certain of our operating companies, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, environmental, social and governance ESG concerns and other sustainability matters and our response to these matters could harm our business, including in areas such as diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and consideration of ESG factors in our investment processes. Increasing governmental, investor and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we or our operating companies are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel and our business results. 
 
 Further, significant physical effects of climate change, including extreme weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can also have an adverse impact on the businesses of certain of our operating companies. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate-related events and conditions to increase as well. For example, unseasonal or violent weather events can have a material impact on properties owned by our subsidiaries through physical damage to, or a decrease in demand for, properties in the areas affected by these conditions. 
 
 A failure to maintain minimum servicer ratings could have an adverse effect on our business, financing activities, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 S P, Moody s and Fitch rates each of Newrez and Caliber as a residential loan servicer, and a downgrade of, or failure to maintain, any of these servicer ratings could: 
 
 adversely affect Newrez s and Caliber s ability to maintain our status as an approved servicer by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; 
 25 

adversely affect Newrez s, Caliber s and/or Rithm Capital s ability to finance servicing advance receivables and certain other assets; 
 lead to the early termination of existing advance facilities and affect the terms and availability of advance facilities that we may seek in the future; 
 cause Newrez s and/or Caliber s termination as servicer in our servicing agreements that require Newrez and/or Caliber to maintain specified servicer ratings; and 
 further impair Newrez s and/or Caliber s ability to consummate future servicing transactions. 
 
 Any of the above could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our interests in MSRs may involve complex or novel structures. 
 
 Interests in MSRs may entail new types of transactions and may involve complex or novel structures. Accordingly, the risks associated with the transactions and structures are not fully known to buyers and sellers. In the case of interests in MSRs on Agency pools, Agencies may require that we submit to costly or burdensome conditions as a prerequisite to their consent to an investment in, or our financing of, interests in MSRs on Agency pools. Agency conditions, including capital requirements, may diminish or eliminate the investment potential of interests in MSRs on Agency pools by making such investments too expensive for us or by severely limiting the potential returns available from interests in MSRs on Agency pools. 
 
 It is possible that an Agency s views on whether any such acquisition structure is appropriate or acceptable may not be known to us when we make an investment and may change from time to time for any reason or for no reason, even with respect to a completed investment. An Agency s evolving posture toward an acquisition or disposition structure through which we invest in or dispose of interests in MSRs on Agency pools may cause such Agency to impose new conditions on our existing interests in MSRs on Agency pools, including the owner s ability to hold such interests in MSRs on Agency pools directly or indirectly through a grantor trust or other means. Such new conditions may be costly or burdensome and may diminish or eliminate the investment potential of the interests in MSRs on Agency pools that are already owned by us. Moreover, obtaining such consent may require us or our co-investment counterparties to agree to material structural or economic changes, as well as agree to indemnification or other terms that expose us to risks to which we have not previously been exposed and that could negatively affect our returns from our investments. 
 
 Our ability to finance the MSRs and servicer advance receivables acquired in the MSR Transactions may depend on the related Servicing Partner s cooperation with our financing sources and compliance with certain covenants. 
 
 We have in the past and intend to continue to finance some or all of the MSRs or servicer advance receivables acquired in the MSR Transactions, and as a result, we will be subject to substantial operational risks associated with the related Servicing Partners. In our current financing facilities for interests in MSRs and servicer advance receivables, the failure of the related Servicing Partner to satisfy various covenants and tests can result in an amortization event and/or an event of default. Our financing sources may require us to include similar provisions in any financing we obtain relating to the MSRs and servicer advances acquired in the MSR Transactions. If we decide to finance such assets, we will not have the direct ability to control any party s compliance with any such covenants and tests and the failure of any party to satisfy any such covenants or tests could result in a partial or total loss on our investment. Some financing sources may be unwilling to finance any assets acquired in the MSR Transactions. 
 
 Although we have upsized certain of our advance facilities, if we are not successful in upsizing our facilities in the future, we will need to explore other sources of liquidity and if we are unable to obtain additional liquidity, we may have to take additional actions, including selling assets and reducing our originations to generate liquidity to support our servicer advance obligations. 
 
 In addition, any financing for the MSRs and servicer advances acquired in the MSR Transactions may be subject to regulatory approval and the agreement of the relevant Servicing Partner to be party to such financing agreements. If we cannot get regulatory approval or these parties do not agree to be a party to such financing agreements, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 We do not have legal title to the MSRs underlying our Excess MSRs or certain of our Servicer Advance Investments. 
 
 We do not have legal title to the MSRs underlying our Excess MSRs or certain of the MSRs related to the transactions contemplated by the purchase agreements pursuant to which we acquire Servicer Advance Investments or MSR financing receivables from Ocwen, SLS and Mr. Cooper and are subject to increased risks as a result of the related servicer continuing to own the mortgage servicing rights. The validity or priority of our interest in the underlying mortgage servicing could be challenged in a bankruptcy proceeding of the servicer and the related purchase agreement could be rejected in such proceeding. 
 26 

Any of the foregoing events might have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. As part of the Ocwen Transaction, we and Ocwen have agreed to cooperate to obtain any third party consents required to transfer Ocwen s remaining interest in the Ocwen Subject MSRs to us. As noted above, however, there is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining those consents. 
 
 Many of our investments may be illiquid, and this lack of liquidity could significantly impede our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions or to realize the value at which such investments are carried if we are required to dispose of them. 
 
 Many of our investments are illiquid. Illiquidity may result from the absence of an established market for the investments, as well as legal or contractual restrictions on their resale, refinancing or other disposition. Dispositions of investments may be subject to contractual and other limitations on transfer or other restrictions that would interfere with subsequent sales of such investments or adversely affect the terms that could be obtained upon any disposition thereof. 
 
 Interests in MSRs are highly illiquid and may be subject to numerous restrictions on transfers, including without limitation the receipt of third-party consents. For example, the Servicing Guidelines of a mortgage owner may require that holders of Excess MSRs obtain the mortgage owner s prior approval of any change of direct ownership of such Excess MSRs. Such approval may be withheld for any reason or no reason in the discretion of the mortgage owner. Moreover, we have not received and do not expect to receive any assurances from any GSEs that their conditions for the sale by us of any interests in MSRs will not change. Therefore, the potential costs, issues or restrictions associated with receiving such GSEs consent for any such dispositions by us cannot be determined with any certainty. Additionally, interests in MSRs may entail complex transaction structures and the risks associated with the transactions and structures are not fully known to buyers or sellers. As a result of the foregoing, we may be unable to locate a buyer at the time we wish to sell interests in MSRs. There is some risk that we will be required to dispose of interests in MSRs either through an in-kind distribution or other liquidation vehicle, which will, in either case, provide little or no economic benefit to us, or a sale to a co-investor in the interests in MSRs, which may be an affiliate. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that we will obtain any return or any benefit of any kind from any disposition of interests in MSRs. We may not benefit from the full term of the assets and for the aforementioned reasons may not receive any benefits from the disposition, if any, of such assets. 
 
 In addition, some of our real estate and other securities may not be registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting in a prohibition against their transfer, sale, pledge or other disposition except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of, or is otherwise in accordance with, those laws. There are also no established trading markets for a majority of our intended investments. Moreover, certain of our investments, including our investments in consumer loans and certain of our interests in MSRs, are made indirectly through a vehicle that owns the underlying assets. Our ability to sell our interest may be contractually limited or prohibited. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited. 
 
 Our real estate and other securities have historically been valued based primarily on third-party quotations, which are subject to significant variability based on the liquidity and price transparency created by market trading activity. A disruption in these trading markets could reduce the trading for many real estate and other securities, resulting in less transparent prices for those securities, which would make selling such assets more difficult. Moreover, a decline in market demand for the types of assets that we hold would make it more difficult to sell our assets. If we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our illiquid investments quickly, we may realize significantly less than the amount at which we have previously valued these investments. 
 
 The geographic distribution of the loans underlying, and collateral securing, certain of our investments subjects us to geographic real estate market risks, which could adversely affect the performance of our investments, our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The geographic distribution of the loans underlying, and collateral securing, our investments, including our interests in MSRs, servicer advances, and loans, exposes us to risks associated with the real estate and commercial lending industry in general within the states and regions in which we hold significant investments. These risks include, without limitation: possible declines in the value of real estate; risks related to general and local economic conditions; possible lack of availability of mortgage funds; overbuilding; extended vacancies of properties; increases in competition, property taxes and operating expenses; changes in zoning laws; increased energy costs; unemployment; costs resulting from the clean-up of, and liability to third parties for damages resulting from, environmental problems; casualty or condemnation losses; uninsured damages from floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or other natural disasters; and changes in interest rates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 24.7 and 17.4 of the total UPB of the residential mortgage loans underlying our Excess MSRs and MSRs, respectively, was secured by properties located in California, which are particularly susceptible to natural disasters 
 27 

such as fires, earthquakes and mudslides. 7.2 and 8.6 of the total UPB of the residential mortgage loans underlying our Excess MSRs and MSRs, respectively, was secured by properties located in Florida, which are particularly susceptible to natural disasters such as hurricanes and floods. As a result of this concentration, we may be more susceptible to adverse developments in those markets than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. To the extent any of the foregoing risks arise in states and regions where we hold significant investments, the performance of our investments, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer a material adverse effect. 
 
 The value of our interests in MSRs, servicer advances, residential mortgage loans, business purpose loans, and RMBS may be adversely affected by deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices, as well as related delays in the foreclosure process. 
 
 Allegations of deficiencies in servicing and foreclosure practices among several large sellers and servicers of residential mortgage loans that surfaced in 2010 raised various concerns relating to such practices, including the improper execution of the documents used in foreclosure proceedings (so-called robo signing ), inadequate documentation of transfers and registrations of mortgages and assignments of loans, improper modifications of loans, violations of representations and warranties at the date of securitization and failure to enforce put-backs. 
 
 As a result of alleged deficiencies in foreclosure practices, a number of servicers temporarily suspended foreclosure proceedings beginning in the second half of 2010 while they evaluated their foreclosure practices. In late 2010, a group of state attorneys general and state bank and mortgage regulators representing nearly all 50 states and the District of Columbia, along with the U.S. Justice Department and HUD, began an investigation into foreclosure practices of banks and servicers. The investigations and lawsuits by several state attorneys general led to a settlement agreement in early February 2012 with five of the nation s largest banks, pursuant to which the banks agreed to pay more than 25.0 billion to settle claims relating to improper foreclosure practices. The settlement does not prohibit the states, the federal government, individuals or investors from pursuing additional actions against the banks and servicers in the future. 
 
 Under the terms of the agreements governing our Servicer Advance Investments and MSRs, we (in certain cases, together with third-party co-investors) are required to make or purchase from certain of our Servicing Partners, servicer advances on certain loan pools. While a residential mortgage loan is in foreclosure, servicers are generally required to continue to advance delinquent principal and interest and to also make advances for delinquent taxes and insurance and foreclosure costs and the upkeep of vacant property in foreclosure to the extent it determines that such amounts are recoverable. Servicer advances are generally recovered when the delinquency is resolved. 
 
 Foreclosure moratoria or other actions that lengthen the foreclosure process increase the amount of servicer advances we or our Servicing Partners are required to make and we are required to purchase, lengthen the time it takes for us to be repaid for such advances and increase the costs incurred during the foreclosure process. In addition, servicer advance financing facilities contain provisions that modify the advance rates for, and limit the eligibility of, servicer advances to be financed based on the length of time that servicer advances are outstanding, and, as a result, an increase in foreclosure timelines could further increase the amount of servicer advances that we need to fund with our own capital. Such increases in foreclosure timelines could increase our need for capital to fund servicer advances (which do not bear interest), which would increase our interest expense, reduce the value of our investment and potentially reduce the cash that we have available to pay our operating expenses or to pay dividends. 
 
 Even in states where servicers have not suspended foreclosure proceedings or have lifted (or will soon lift) any such delayed foreclosures, servicers, including our Servicing Partners, have faced, and may continue to face, increased delays and costs in the foreclosure process. For example, the current legislative and regulatory climate could lead borrowers to contest foreclosures that they would not otherwise have contested under ordinary circumstances, and servicers may incur increased litigation costs if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower. In general, regulatory developments with respect to foreclosure practices could result in increases in the amount of servicer advances and the length of time to recover servicer advances, fines or increases in operating expenses, and decreases in the advance rate and availability of financing for servicer advances. This would lead to increased borrowings, reduced cash and higher interest expense which could negatively impact our liquidity and profitability. Although the terms of our Servicer Advance Investments contain adjustment mechanisms that would reduce the amount of performance fees payable to the related Servicing Partner if servicer advances exceed pre-determined amounts, those fee reductions may not be sufficient to cover the expenses resulting from longer foreclosure timelines. 
 
 The integrity of the servicing and foreclosure processes is critical to the value of the residential mortgage loans in which we invest and of the portfolios of loans underlying our interests in MSRs and RMBS, and our financial results could be adversely affected by deficiencies in the conduct of those processes. For example, delays in the foreclosure process that have resulted from investigations into improper servicing practices may adversely affect the values of, and result in losses on, these 
 28 

investments. Foreclosure delays may also increase the administrative expenses of the securitization trusts for the RMBS, thereby reducing the amount of funds available for distribution to investors. 
 
 In addition, the subordinate classes of securities issued by the securitization trusts may continue to receive interest payments while the defaulted loans remain in the trusts, rather than absorbing the default losses. This may reduce the amount of credit support available for senior classes of RMBS that we may own, thus possibly adversely affecting these securities. Additionally, a substantial portion of the 25.0 billion settlement is a credit to the banks and servicers for principal write-downs or reductions they may make to certain mortgages underlying RMBS. There remains uncertainty as to how these principal reductions will work and what effect they will have on the value of related RMBS. As a result, there can be no assurance that any such principal reductions will not adversely affect the value of our interests in MSRs and RMBS. 
 
 While we believe that the sellers and servicers would be in violation of the applicable Servicing Guidelines to the extent that they have improperly serviced mortgage loans or improperly executed documents in foreclosure or bankruptcy proceedings, or do not comply with the terms of servicing contracts when deciding whether to apply principal reductions, it may be difficult, expensive, time consuming and, ultimately, uneconomic for us to enforce our contractual rights. While we cannot predict exactly how the servicing and foreclosure matters or the resulting litigation or settlement agreements will affect our business, there can be no assurance that these matters will not have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 A failure by any or all of the members of Buyer (as defined below) to make capital contributions for amounts required to fund servicer advances could result in an event of default under our advance facilities and a complete loss of our investment. 
 
 Rithm Capital and third-party co-investors, through a joint venture entity, Advance Purchaser LLC (the Buyer ), have agreed to purchase all future arising servicer advances from Mr. Cooper under certain residential mortgage servicing agreements. Buyer relies, in part, on its members to make committed capital contributions in order to pay the purchase price for future servicer advances. A failure by any or all of the members to make such capital contributions for amounts required to fund servicer advances could result in an event of default under our advance facilities and a complete loss of our investment. 
 
 The residential mortgage loans underlying the securities we invest in and the loans we directly invest in are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could result in losses to us. 
 
 The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a residential property is dependent upon the income or assets of the borrower. A number of factors may impair borrowers abilities to repay their loans, including, among other things, changes in the borrower s employment status, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, changes in interest rates or the availability of credit on favorable terms, changes in regional or local real estate values, changes in regional or local rental rates and changes in real estate taxes. Rapidly rising interest rates and/or economic downturns may impair borrowers ability to repay their loans, particularly if the impact were to be sustained. 
 
 Our mortgage backed securities are securities backed by mortgage loans. Many of the RMBS in which we invest are backed by collateral pools of subprime residential mortgage loans. Subprime mortgage loans refer to mortgage loans that have been originated using underwriting standards that are less restrictive than the underwriting requirements used as standards for other first and junior lien mortgage loan purchase programs, such as the programs of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. These lower standards include mortgage loans made to borrowers having imperfect or impaired credit histories (including outstanding judgments or prior bankruptcies), mortgage loans where the amount of the loan at origination is 80 or more of the value of the mortgage property, mortgage loans made to borrowers with low credit scores, mortgage loans made to borrowers who have other debt that represents a large portion of their income and mortgage loans made to borrowers whose income is not required to be disclosed or verified. Subprime mortgage loans may experience delinquency, foreclosure, bankruptcy and loss rates that are higher, and that may be substantially higher, than those experienced by mortgage loans underwritten in a more traditional manner. To the extent losses are realized on the loans underlying the securities in which we invest, we may not recover the amount invested in, or, in extreme cases, any of our investment in such securities. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans, including manufactured housing loans and subprime mortgage loans are secured by single-family residential property and are also subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. A significant portion of the residential mortgage loans that we acquire are, or may become, sub-performing loans, non-performing loans or REO assets where the borrower has failed to make timely payments of principal and/or interest. As part of the residential mortgage loan portfolios we purchase, we also may acquire performing loans that are or subsequently become sub-performing or non-performing, meaning the borrowers fail to timely pay some or all of the required payments of principal and/or interest. Under 
 29 

current market conditions, it is likely that some of these loans will have current LTV ratios in excess of 100 , meaning the amount owed on the loan exceeds the value of the underlying real estate. 
 
 In the event of default under a residential mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest of the loan. Even though we typically pay less than the amount owed on these loans to acquire them, if actual results differ from our assumptions in determining the price we paid to acquire such loans, we may incur significant losses. In addition, we may acquire REO assets directly, which involves the same risks. Any loss we incur may be significant and could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Our investments in real estate and other securities are subject to changes in credit spreads as well as available market liquidity, which could adversely affect our ability to realize gains on the sale of such investments. 
 
 Real estate and other securities are subject to changes in credit spreads. Credit spreads measure the yield demanded on securities by the market based on their credit relative to a specific benchmark. The significant dislocation in the financial markets due to ongoing supply-demand imbalances exacerbated by the war in Ukraine have caused, among other things, credit spread widening. 
 
 Fixed rate securities are valued based on a market credit spread over the rate payable on fixed rate U.S. Treasuries of like maturity. Floating rate securities are valued based on a market credit spread over LIBOR and/or SOFR and are affected similarly by changes in LIBOR and/or SOFR spreads. As of December 31, 2022, 35.0 of our Non-Agency RMBS Portfolio consisted of floating rate securities and 65.0 consisted of fixed rate securities, and 100.0 of our Agency RMBS portfolio consisted of fixed rate securities, based on the amortized cost basis of all securities (including the amortized cost basis of interest-only and residual classes). Excessive supply of these securities combined with reduced demand will generally cause the market to require a higher yield on these securities, resulting in the use of a higher, or wider, spread over the benchmark rate to value such securities. Under such conditions, the value of our real estate and other securities portfolios would tend to decline. Conversely, if the spread used to value such securities were to decrease, or tighten, the value of our real estate and other securities portfolio would tend to increase. Such changes in the market value of our real estate securities portfolios may affect our net equity, net income or cash flow directly through their impact on unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities, and therefore our ability to realize gains on such securities, or indirectly through their impact on our ability to borrow and access capital. Widening credit spreads could cause the net unrealized gains on our securities and derivatives, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or retained earnings, and therefore our book value per share, to decrease and result in net losses. 
 
 Prepayment rates on our residential mortgage loans and those underlying our real estate and other securities may adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 In general, residential mortgage loans may be prepaid at any time without penalty. Prepayments result when homeowners/mortgagors satisfy (i.e., pay off) the mortgage upon selling or refinancing their mortgaged property. When we acquire a particular loan or security, we anticipate that the loan or underlying residential mortgage loans will prepay at a projected rate which, together with expected coupon income, provides us with an expected yield on such investments. If we purchase assets at a premium to par value, and borrowers prepay their mortgage loans faster than expected, the corresponding prepayments on our assets may reduce the expected yield on such assets because we will have to amortize the related premium on an accelerated basis. Conversely, if we purchase assets at a discount to par value, when borrowers prepay their mortgage loans slower than expected, the decrease in corresponding prepayments on our assets may reduce the expected yield on such assets because we will not be able to accrete the related discount as quickly as originally anticipated. 
 
 Prepayment rates on loans are influenced by changes in mortgage and market interest rates and a variety of economic, geographic, political and other factors, all of which are beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. In periods of declining interest rates, prepayment rates on mortgage loans generally increase. If general interest rates decline at the same time, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested by us in assets yielding less than the yields on the assets that were prepaid. In addition, the market value of our loans and real estate and other securities may, because of the risk of prepayment, benefit less than other fixed-income securities from declining interest rates. 
 
 We may purchase assets that have a higher or lower coupon rate than the prevailing market interest rates. In exchange for a higher coupon rate, we would then pay a premium over par value to acquire these securities. In accordance with GAAP, we would amortize the premiums over the life of the related assets. If the mortgage loans securing these assets prepay at a more rapid rate than anticipated, we would have to amortize our premiums on an accelerated basis which may adversely affect our 
 30 

profitability. As compensation for a lower coupon rate, we would then pay a discount to par value to acquire these assets. In accordance with GAAP, we would accrete any discounts over the life of the related assets. If the mortgage loans securing these assets prepay at a slower rate than anticipated, we would have to accrete our discounts on an extended basis which may adversely affect our profitability. Defaults on the mortgage loans underlying Agency RMBS typically have the same effect as prepayments because of the underlying Agency guarantee. 
 
 Prepayments, which are the primary feature of mortgage backed securities that distinguish them from other types of bonds, are difficult to predict and can vary significantly over time. As the holder of the security, on a monthly basis, we receive a payment equal to a portion of our investment principal in a particular security as the underlying mortgages are prepaid. In general, on the date each month that principal prepayments are announced (i.e., factor day), the value of our real estate related security pledged as collateral under our repurchase agreements is reduced by the amount of the prepaid principal and, as a result, our lenders will typically initiate a margin call requiring the pledge of additional collateral or cash, in an amount equal to such prepaid principal, in order to re-establish the required ratio of borrowing to collateral value under such repurchase agreements. Accordingly, with respect to our Agency RMBS, the announcement on factor day of principal prepayments is in advance of our receipt of the related scheduled payment, thereby creating a short-term receivable for us in the amount of any such principal prepayments. However, under our repurchase agreements, we may receive a margin call relating to the related reduction in value of our Agency RMBS and, prior to receipt of this short-term receivable, be required to post additional collateral or cash in the amount of the principal prepayment on or about factor day, which would reduce our liquidity during the period in which the short-term receivable is outstanding. As a result, in order to meet any such margin calls, we could be forced to sell assets in order to maintain liquidity. Forced sales under adverse market conditions may result in lower sales prices than ordinary market sales made in the normal course of business. If our real estate and other securities were liquidated at prices below our amortized cost (i.e., the cost basis) of such assets, we would incur losses, which could adversely affect our earnings. In addition, in order to continue to earn a return on this prepaid principal, we must reinvest it in additional real estate and other securities or other assets; however, if interest rates decline, we may earn a lower return on our new investments as compared to the real estate and other securities that prepay. 
 
 Prepayments may have a negative impact on our financial results, the effects of which depend on, among other things, the timing and amount of the prepayment delay on our Agency RMBS, the amount of unamortized premium or discount on our loans and real estate and other securities, the rate at which prepayments are made on our Non-Agency RMBS, the reinvestment lag and the availability of suitable reinvestment opportunities. 
 
 Our investments in residential mortgage loans, business purpose loans, REO and RMBS may be subject to significant impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We are required to periodically evaluate our investments for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on a variety of factors depending upon the nature of the investment and the manner in which the income related to such investment was calculated for purposes of our financial statements. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we are required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the investment, which would adversely affect our results of operations in the applicable period and thereby adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 
 Our determination of how much leverage to apply to our investments may adversely affect our return on our investments and may reduce cash available for distribution. 
 
 We leverage certain of our assets through a variety of borrowings. Our investment guidelines do not limit the amount of leverage we may incur with respect to any specific asset or pool of assets. The return we are able to earn on our investments and cash available for distribution to our stockholders may be significantly reduced due to changes in market conditions, which may cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from our assets. 
 
 A significant portion of our investments are not match funded, which may increase the risks associated with these investments. 
 
 When available, a match funding strategy mitigates the risk of not being able to refinance an investment on favorable terms or at all. However, we may elect for us to bear a level of refinancing risk on a short-term or longer-term basis, as in the case of investments financed with repurchase agreements, when, based on its analysis, we determine that bearing such risk is advisable or unavoidable. In addition, we may be unable, as a result of conditions in the credit markets, to match fund our investments. For example, non-recourse term financing not subject to margin requirements has been more difficult to obtain, which impairs our ability to match fund our investments. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into interest rate swaps. A decision not to, or the inability to, match fund certain investments exposes us to additional risks. 
 
 31 

Furthermore, we anticipate that, in most cases, for any period during which our floating rate assets are not match funded with respect to maturity, the income from such assets may respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Because of this dynamic, interest income from such investments may rise more slowly than the related interest expense, with a consequent decrease in our net income. Interest rate fluctuations resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income would result in operating losses for us from these investments. 
 
 Accordingly, to the extent our investments are not match funded with respect to maturities and interest rates, we are exposed to the risk that we may not be able to finance or refinance our investments on economically favorable terms, or at all, or may have to liquidate assets at a loss. 
 
 Changes in banks inter-bank lending rate reporting practices or the method pursuant to which LIBOR is determined may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to uncertainty regarding LIBOR, which is in the process of being phased out. The publication of USD LIBOR for certain tenors and all non-USD LIBOR tenors ceased after December 31, 2021 (other than certain sterling and Japanese yen settings being published on a synthetic temporary basis). Banks reporting information used to set USD LIBOR for all other tenors are currently expected to stop doing so after June 30, 2023, although the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, may discontinue or modify LIBOR prior to that date. 
 
 It is likely that, over time, U.S. Dollar LIBOR will be replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. However, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the nature of potential changes to and future utilization of specific LIBOR tenors, the development and acceptance of alternative reference rates and other reforms. For example, SOFR is an overnight rate instead of a term rate, making SOFR an inexact replacement for LIBOR. We cannot predict the consequences and timing of these developments or other market or regulatory changes related to the phase-out of LIBOR. It is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition away from LIBOR at the same time, and it is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition to the same alternative reference rate, in each case increasing the difficulty of hedging. Switching existing financial instruments and hedging transactions from LIBOR to SOFR requires calculations of a spread. Industry organizations are attempting to structure the spread calculation in a manner that minimizes the possibility of value transfer between counterparties, borrowers and lenders by virtue of the transition, but there is no assurance that the calculated spread will be fair and accurate or that all asset types and all types of securitization vehicles will use the same spread. We and other market participants have less experience understanding and modeling SOFR-based assets and liabilities than LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, increasing the difficulty of investing, hedging and risk management. The process of transition involves operational risks. It is also possible that no transition will occur for many financial instruments, meaning that those instruments would continue to be subject to the weaknesses of the LIBOR calculation process. At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be implemented. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the market for or value of any securities on which the interest or dividend is determined by reference to LIBOR, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to LIBOR or any other benchmark as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any securities based on or linked to a benchmark. 
 
 Any hedging transactions that we enter into may limit our gains or result in losses. 
 
 We may use, when feasible and appropriate, derivatives to hedge a portion of our interest rate exposure, and this approach has certain risks, including the risk that losses on a hedge position will reduce the cash available for distribution to stockholders and that such losses may exceed the amount invested in such instruments. We have adopted a general policy with respect to the use of derivatives, which generally allows us to use derivatives where appropriate, but does not set forth specific policies and procedures or require that we hedge any specific amount of risk. From time to time, we may use derivative instruments, including forwards, futures, swaps and options, in our risk management strategy to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our operations. A hedge may not be effective in eliminating all of the risks inherent in any particular position. Our profitability may be adversely affected during any period as a result of the use of derivatives. 
 
 There are limits to the ability of any hedging strategy to protect us completely against interest rate risks. When rates change, we expect the gain or loss on derivatives to be offset by a related but inverse change in the value of any items that we hedge. We cannot assure you, however, that our use of derivatives will offset the risks related to changes in interest rates. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that our hedging transactions will not result in losses. In addition, our hedging strategy may limit our flexibility by causing us to refrain 
 32 

from taking certain actions that would be potentially profitable but would cause adverse consequences under the terms of our hedging arrangements. Moreover, our hedging strategy may reduce our liquidity position by causing us to take certain actions, such as taking physical delivery of the underlying securities and funding those assets with cash or other financing sources if it were to become uneconomical to roll our TBA contracts into future months. The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code limit our ability to hedge. In managing our hedge instruments, we consider the effect of the expected hedging income on the REIT qualification tests that limit the amount of gross income that a REIT may receive from hedging. We need to carefully monitor, and may have to limit, our hedging strategy to assure that we do not realize hedging income, or hold hedges having a value, in excess of the amounts that would cause us to fail the REIT gross income and asset tests. See Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT Complying with the REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 
 Accounting for derivatives under GAAP is complicated. Any failure by us to account for our derivatives properly in accordance with GAAP in our financial statements could adversely affect us. In addition, under applicable accounting standards, we may be required to treat some of our investments as derivatives, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Market conditions could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 The market in which we operate is affected by a number of factors that are largely beyond our control but can nonetheless have a potentially significant, negative impact on us. These factors include, among other things: 
 
 interest rates, including increases thereof and credit spreads; 
 the availability of credit, including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained; 
 the quality, pricing and availability of suitable investments; 
 the ability to obtain accurate market-based valuations; 
 volatility associated with asset valuations and margin calls; 
 the ability of securities dealers to make markets in relevant securities and loans; 
 loan values relative to the value of the underlying real estate assets; 
 default rates on the loans underlying our investments and the amount of the related losses and credit losses with respect to our investments; 
 prepayment and repayment rates, delinquency rates and legislative/regulatory changes with respect to our investments and the timing and amount of servicer advances; 
 the availability and cost of quality Servicing Partners, and advance, recovery and recapture rates; 
 competition; 
 the actual and perceived state of the real estate markets, bond markets, market for dividend-paying stocks and public capital markets generally; 
 unemployment rates; and 
 the attractiveness of other types of investments relative to investments in real estate or REITs generally. 
 
 Changes in these factors are difficult to predict and a change in one factor can affect other factors. Further, at various points in time, increased default rates in the subprime mortgage market played a role in causing credit spreads to widen, reducing availability of credit on favorable terms, reducing liquidity and price transparency of real estate related assets, resulting in difficulty in obtaining accurate mark-to-market valuations and causing a negative perception of the state of the real estate markets and of REITs generally. Market conditions could be volatile or could deteriorate as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control with adverse effects to our financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to securitization of any loans originated and/or serviced by our subsidiaries. 
 
 The securitization of any loans that we originate and/or service subject us to various risks that may increase our compliance costs and adversely impact our financial results, including: 
 
 compliance with the terms of the agreements governing the securitized pools of loans, including any indemnification and repurchase provisions; 
 reliance on programs administered by the GSEs and Ginnie Mae that facilitate the issuance of mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market and the effect of any changes or modifications thereto (see GSE initiatives and other actions, including changes to the minimum servicing amount for GSE loans, could occur at any time and could impact us in significantly negative ways that we are unable to predict or protect against and The federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. government, may adversely affect our business. and 
 33 

federal and state legislation in securitizations, such as the risk retention requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act, could result in higher costs of certain lending operations and impose on us additional compliance requirements to meet servicing and origination criteria for securitized mortgage loans. 
 
 Certain vendors have operations in India that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or by government policies. 
 
 Certain vendors currently have operations located in India, which is subject to relatively higher political and social instability than the U.S. and may lack the infrastructure to withstand political unrest, natural disasters or global pandemics. The political or regulatory climate in the U.S., or elsewhere, also could change so that it would not be lawful or practical for us to use vendors with international operations in the manner in which we currently use them. If we could no longer utilize vendors operating in India or if those vendors were required to transfer some or all of their operations to another geographic area, we would incur significant transition costs as well as higher future overhead costs that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 There are certain risks associated with our Genesis business. 
 
 In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Genesis from affiliates Goldman Sachs as well as an associated portfolio of loans originated by Genesis. The Genesis business is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 Borrower Risk : Borrowers under Genesis originated loans are sometimes persons who do not qualify for conventional bank financing or who could be regarded to be higher risk borrowers. Consequently, these borrowers are more likely to default on the repayment of their obligations. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan issued by Genesis, Genesis will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the outstanding principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan. 
 
 Short-Term Loans/Balloon Payments : Typically, Genesis originates short-term mortgage loans with initial terms of less than 18 months (subject to extension) and which require a balloon payment at maturity. Genesis therefore depends on a borrower s ability to obtain permanent financing or to sell the property to repay Genesis s loan (including the balloon payment at maturity), which could depend on market conditions and other factors. In a period of rising interest rates or tightening credit markets, it may be more difficult for borrowers to obtain long-term financing, which increases the risk of non-payment. Short-term loans are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud, losses and special hazard losses that are not covered by standard hazard insurance. In the event of a default, Genesis will bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral and the principal amount and unpaid interest of the loan. 
 
 Construction Loans : Most of Genesis s loans are construction or renovations loans, which are subject to additional risks. Construction loans are subject to risks of unrealistic budgets, cost overruns and non-completion of construction, renovation, refurbishment or expansion by a borrower of a mortgaged property as well as other unforeseen variables. These risks may prolong the development and increase the costs of the construction project, which may delay the borrower s ability to sell or rent the finished property or possibly making a project uneconomical which could adversely affect repayment of the loan. Other risks may include environmental risks, permitting risks, other construction risks, subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule or at projected rental rates, and the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of the collateral may be insufficient to cover our cost on the loan. While we believe Genesis has reasonable procedures in place to manage construction funding loans, there can be no certainty that Genesis will not suffer losses on construction loans. In addition, if a builder fails to complete a project, Genesis may be required to complete the project. Any such default could result in a substantial increase in costs in excess of the original budget and delays in completion of the project. 
 
 Concentration Risk : Genesis s portfolio of active loans is mainly secured by residential real estate located in California and the Los Angeles, California area specifically. Genesis s loan portfolio is also concentrated within construction, renovation and bridge loans. The geographic distribution of Genesis s loan portfolio exposes it to risks associated with the real estate and commercial lending industry in general, and to a greater extent within the states and regions in which Genesis has concentrated its loans. 
 
 Many of these factors are outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 34 

The valuations of our assets are subject to uncertainty because most of our assets are not traded in an active market. 
 
 There is not anticipated to be an active market for most of the assets in which we will invest. In the absence of market comparisons, we will use other pricing methodologies, including, for example, models based on assumptions regarding expected trends, historical trends following market conditions believed to be comparable to the then current market conditions and other factors believed at the time to be likely to influence the potential resale price of, or the potential cash flows derived from, an investment. Such methodologies may not prove to be accurate and any inability to accurately price assets may result in adverse consequences for us. A valuation is only an estimate of value and is not a precise measure of realizable value. Ultimate realization of the market value of a private asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which a private investment would sell since market prices of private investments can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. If we were to liquidate a particular private investment, the realized value may be more than or less than the valuation of such asset as carried on our books. 
 
 There may be difficulties with integrating the loans underlying MSR acquisitions involving servicing transfers into the successor servicer s servicing platform, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 In connection with certain MSR acquisitions, servicing is transferred from the seller to a subservicer appointed by us. The ability to integrate and service the assets acquired will depend in large part on the success of our subservicer s integration of expanded servicing capabilities with its current operations. We may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of these transactions if the integration process takes longer, or is more costly, than expected. Potential difficulties we may encounter during the integration process with the assets acquired in MSR acquisitions involving servicing transfers include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 the integration of the portfolio into our applicable subservicer s information technology platforms and servicing systems; 
 the quality of servicing during any interim servicing period after we purchase the portfolio but before our applicable subservicer assumes servicing obligations from the seller or its agents; 
 the disruption to our ongoing businesses and distraction of our management teams from ongoing business concerns; 
 incomplete or inaccurate files and records; 
 the retention of existing customers; 
 the creation of uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 
 the occurrence of unanticipated expenses; and 
 potential unknown liabilities associated with the transactions, including legal liability related to origination and servicing prior to the acquisition. 
 
 Our failure to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating the assets acquired in MSR acquisitions involving servicing transfers with our current business could impair our operations. For example, it is possible that the data our applicable subservicer acquires upon assuming the direct servicing obligations for the loans may not transfer from the seller s platform to its systems properly. This may result in data being lost, key information not being locatable on our applicable subservicer s systems, or the complete failure of the transfer. If our employees are unable to access customer information easily, or is unable to produce originals or copies of documents or accurate information about the loans, collections could be affected significantly, and our subservicer may not be able to enforce its right to collect in some cases. Similarly, collections could be affected by any changes to our applicable subservicer s collections practices, the restructuring of any key servicing functions, transfer of files and other changes that occur as a result of the transfer of servicing obligations from the seller to our subservicer. 
 
 Certain of our Servicing Partners have triggered termination events or events of default under some PSAs underlying the MSRs with respect to which we are entitled to the basic fee component or Excess MSRs. 
 
 In certain of these circumstances, the related Servicing Partner may be terminated without any right to compensation for its loss, other than the right to be reimbursed for any outstanding servicer advances as the related loans are brought current, modified, liquidated or charged off. So long as we are in compliance with our obligations under our servicing agreements and purchase agreements, if we or one of our Servicing Partners is terminated as servicer, we may have the right to receive an indemnification payment from the applicable Servicing Partner, even if such termination related to servicer termination events or events of default existing at the time of any transaction with such Servicing Partner. If one of our Servicing Partners is terminated as servicer under a PSA, we will lose any investment related to such Servicing Partner s MSRs. If we or such Servicing Partner is terminated as servicer with respect to a PSA and we are unable to enforce our contractual rights against such Servicing Partner, or if such Servicing Partner is unable to make any resulting indemnification payments to us, if any such payment is due and payable, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, ability to 
 35 

make distributions, liquidity and financing arrangements, including our servicer advance financing facilities, and may make it more difficult for us to acquire additional interests in MSRs in the future. 
 
 Our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights may be limited or delayed if a third party contests our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights, if the related securitization trustee refuses to permit the exercise of such rights, or if a related party is subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Certain servicing contracts permit more than one party to exercise a cleanup call meaning the right of a party to collapse a securitization trust by purchasing all of the remaining loans held by the securitization trust pursuant to the terms set forth in the applicable servicing agreement. While the servicers from which we acquired our cleanup call rights (or other servicers from which these servicers acquired MSRs) may be named as the party entitled to exercise such rights, certain third parties may also be permitted to exercise such rights. If any such third party exercises a cleanup call, we could lose our ability to exercise our cleanup call right and, as a result, lose the ability to generate positive returns with respect to the related securitization transaction. In addition, another party could impair our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights by contesting our rights (for example, by claiming that they hold the exclusive cleanup call right with respect to the applicable securitization trust). Moreover, because the ability to exercise a cleanup call right is governed by the terms of the applicable servicing agreement, any ambiguous or conflicting language regarding the exercise of such rights in the agreement may make it more difficult and costly to exercise a cleanup call right. Finally, many of our call rights are not currently exercisable and may not become exercisable for a period of years. As a result, our ability to realize the benefits from these rights will depend on a number of factors at the time they become exercisable many of which are outside our control, including interest rates, conditions in the capital markets and conditions in the residential mortgage market. 
 
 The exercise of cleanup calls could negatively impact our interests in MSRs. 
 
 The exercise of cleanup call rights results in the termination of the MSRs on the loans held within the related securitization trusts. To the extent we own interests in MSRs with respect to loans held within securitization trusts where cleanup call rights are exercised, whether they are exercised by us or a third party, the value of our interests in those MSRs will likely be reduced to zero and we could incur losses and reduced cash flows from any such interests. 
 
 We may become subject to fines or other penalties based on the conduct of mortgage loan originators and brokers that originate residential mortgage loans related to MSRs that we acquire, and the third-party servicers we may engage to subservice the loans underlying MSRs we acquire. 
 
 We have acquired MSRs and may in the future acquire additional MSRs from third-party mortgage loan originators, brokers or other sellers, and we therefore are or will become dependent on such third parties for the related mortgage loans compliance with applicable law, and on third-party mortgage servicers, including our Servicing Partners, to perform the day-to-day servicing on the mortgage loans underlying any such MSRs. Mortgage loan originators and brokers are subject to strict and evolving consumer protection laws and other legal obligations with respect to the origination of residential mortgage loans. These laws and regulations include the residential mortgage servicing standards, ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage regulations promulgated by the CFPB, which became effective in 2014. In addition, there are various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations that are intended to discourage predatory lending practices by residential mortgage loan originators. These laws may be highly subjective and open to interpretation and, as a result, a regulator or court may determine that that there has been a violation where an originator or servicer of mortgage loans reasonably believed that the law or requirement had been satisfied. Failure or alleged failure by originators or servicers to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to state or CFPB administrative proceedings, which could result in monetary penalties, license suspensions or revocations, or restrictions to our business, all of which could adversely impact our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 
 The final servicing rules promulgated by the CFPB to implement certain sections of the Dodd-Frank Act include provisions relating to, among other things, periodic billing statements and disclosures, responding to borrower inquiries and complaints, force-placed insurance, and adjustable rate mortgage interest rate adjustment notices. Further, the mortgage servicing rules require servicers to, among other things, make good faith early intervention efforts to notify delinquent borrowers of loss mitigation options, to implement specified loss mitigation procedures, and if feasible, exhaust all loss mitigation options before proceeding to foreclosure. Proposed updates to further refine these rules have been published and will likely lead to further changes in requirements applicable to servicing mortgage loans. 
 
 In addition to Newrez and Caliber, we engage third-party servicers to subservice mortgage loans relating to any MSRs we acquire. It is therefore possible that a third-party servicer s failure to comply with the new and evolving servicing protocols could adversely affect the value of the MSRs we acquire. Additionally, we may become subject to fines, penalties or civil 
 36 

liability based upon the conduct of any third-party servicer who services mortgage loans related to MSRs that we have acquired or will acquire in the future. 
 
 Investments in MSRs may expose us to additional risks. 
 
 We hold investments in MSRs. Our investments in MSRs may subject us to certain additional risks, including the following: 
 
 Although ownership of MSRs and the operation of a servicer includes many of the same risks as our other target assets and business activities, including risks related to prepayments, borrower credit, defaults, interest rates, hedging, and regulatory changes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully operate a servicer subsidiary and integrate MSR investments into our business operations. 
 As of today, we rely on subservicers to subservice the mortgage loans underlying our MSRs on our behalf. We are generally responsible under the applicable Servicing Guidelines for any subservicer s non-compliance with any such applicable Servicing Guideline. In addition, there is a risk that our current subservicers will be unwilling or unable to continue subservicing on our behalf on terms favorable to us in the future. In such a situation, we may be unable to locate a replacement subservicer on favorable terms. 
 NRM, Newrez and Caliber s existing approvals from government-related entities or federal agencies are subject to compliance with their respective servicing guidelines, minimum capital requirements, reporting requirements and other conditions that they may impose from time to time at their discretion. Failure to satisfy such guidelines or conditions could result in the unilateral termination of NRM s, Newrez or Caliber s existing approvals or pending applications by one or more entities or agencies. 
 NRM, Newrez and Caliber are presently licensed, approved, or otherwise eligible to hold MSRs in all states within the U.S. and the District of Columbia. Such state licenses may be suspended or revoked by a state regulatory authority and we may as a result lose the ability to own MSRs under the regulatory jurisdiction of such state regulatory authority. 
 Changes in minimum servicing compensation for Agency loans could occur at any time and could negatively impact the value of the income derived from any MSRs that we hold or may acquire in the future. 
 Investments in MSRs are highly illiquid and subject to numerous restrictions on transfer and, as a result, there is risk that we would be unable to locate a willing buyer or get approval to sell any MSRs in the future should we desire to do so. 
 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation could be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage these or other risks related to investing and managing MSR investments. 
 
 A downturn or slowdown in the rental demand for single-family housing caused by adverse economic, regulatory, or environmental conditions, or other events, may have an impact on the value of our properties or our operating results. Furthermore, we believe that there are seasonal fluctuations in rental demand may impact our operating results. 
 
 In addition to general, regional, national, and international economic conditions, our operating performance will be impacted by the economic conditions in our markets. We base a part of our business plan on our belief that property values and operating fundamentals for single-family properties in our markets will continue to improve over the near to intermediate term. However, these markets could experience substantial economic downturns in the future. We can provide no assurance as to the extent property values and operating fundamentals in these markets will improve, if at all. If an economic downturn in these markets occurs or if we fail to accurately predict the timing of economic improvement in these markets, the value of our properties could decline and our ability to execute our business plan may be adversely affected to a greater extent than if we owned a real estate portfolio that was more geographically diversified, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and ability to make distributions to our stockholders and cause the value of our common stock to decline. 
 
 We face significant competition in the leasing market for quality residents, which may limit our ability to lease our single-family homes on favorable terms. 
 
 Our success with respect to our SFR properties business depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified residents for our properties. We face competition for residents from other lessors of single-family properties, apartment buildings and condominium units. Competing properties may be newer, better located and more attractive to residents. Potential competitors may have lower rates of occupancy than we do or may have superior access to capital and other resources, which may result in competing owners more easily locating residents and leasing available housing at lower rental rates than we might offer at our homes. Many of these competitors may successfully attract residents with better incentives and amenities, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain quality residents and lease our single-family properties on favorable terms. Additionally, some competing housing options may qualify for government subsidies that may make such options more accessible and therefore more attractive than our properties. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain 
 37 

residents and may reduce the rental rates we are able to charge. In addition, increases in unemployment levels and other adverse changes in economic conditions in our markets may adversely affect the creditworthiness of potential residents, which may decrease the overall number of qualified residents for our properties within such markets. We could also be adversely affected by overbuilding or high vacancy rates of homes in our markets, which could result in an excess supply of homes and reduce occupancy and rental rates. Continuing development of apartment buildings and condominium units in many of our markets will increase the supply of housing and exacerbate competition for residents. 
 
 In addition, improving economic conditions, along with government sponsored programs to promote home ownership, have made home ownership more accessible for potential renters who have strong credit. These factors may encourage potential renters to purchase residences rather than lease them, thereby causing a decline in the number and quality of potential residents available to us. 
 
 No assurance can be given that we will be able to attract and retain suitable residents. If we are unable to lease our homes to suitable residents, we would be adversely affected and the value of our common stock could decline. 
 
 A significant portion of our costs and expenses are fixed, and we may not be able to adapt our cost structure to offset declines in our revenue. 
 
 Many of the expenses associated with our business, such as property taxes, HOA fees, insurance, utilities, acquisition, renovation and maintenance costs and other general corporate expenses are relatively inflexible and will not necessarily decrease with a reduction in revenue from our business. Some components of our fixed assets depreciate more rapidly and require ongoing capital expenditures. Our expenses and ongoing capital expenditures are also affected by inflationary increases and certain of our cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period or market. Our rental income is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as the availability of alternative rental housing and economic conditions in our markets. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain properties that we own, even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit from renting the property, or pass regulations that limit our ability to increase rental rates. As a result, we may not be able to fully offset rising costs and capital spending by increasing rental rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash available for distribution. 
 
 Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment 
 
 Interest rate fluctuations and shifts in the yield curve may cause losses. 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. Our primary interest rate exposures relate to our interests in MSRs, RMBS, loans, derivatives, any floating rate debt obligations that we may incur and preferred stock that periodically resets. Changes in interest rates, including changes in expected interest rates or yield curves, affect our business in a number of ways. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing liabilities and hedges. Changes in the level of interest rates also can affect, among other things, our ability to acquire real estate and other securities and loans at attractive prices, the value of our real estate and other securities, loans and derivatives and our ability to realize gains from the sale of such assets. Additionally, with respect to our SFR business, in an inflationary environment, we may not be able to raise rents sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. We may wish to use hedging transactions to protect certain positions from interest rate fluctuations, but we may not be able to do so as a result of market conditions, regulations and other legal rules applicable to REITs or other reasons. In such event, interest rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Until recently, the Federal Reserve maintained interest rates close to zero. In 2022, however, in response to the inflationary pressures driven by ongoing supply chain disruptions, the lingering effect of fiscal stimulus, and the war in Ukraine the Federal Reserve rapidly raised interest rates and indicated it anticipates further interest rate increases. Rising interest rates have resulted in increased interest expense on our outstanding variable rate and future variable and fixed rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions. In addition, in the event of a significant rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, loan origination volume may decrease and negatively impact our operating results. Additionally, loan and collateral defaults may increase and result in credit losses that would adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. 
 
 Our ability to execute our business strategy, particularly the growth of our investment portfolio, depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain additional capital. Our financing strategy is dependent on our ability to place the debt we use to finance 
 38 

our investments at rates that provide a positive net spread. If spreads for such liabilities widen or if demand for such liabilities ceases to exist, then our ability to execute future financings will be severely restricted. 
 
 Interest rate changes may also impact our net book value as most of our investments are marked to market each quarter. Debt obligations are not marked to market. Generally, as interest rates increase, the value of our fixed rate securities decreases, which will decrease the book value of our equity. 
 
 Furthermore, shifts in the U.S. Treasury yield curve reflecting an increase in interest rates would also affect the yield required on our investments and therefore their value. For example, increasing interest rates would reduce the value of the fixed rate assets we hold at the time because the higher yields required by increased interest rates result in lower market prices on existing fixed rate assets in order to adjust the yield upward to meet the market and vice versa. This would have similar effects on our real estate and other securities and loan portfolio and our financial position and operations to a change in interest rates generally. 
 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession, or declining real estate values could harm our operations. 
 
 We believe the risks associated with our business are more severe during periods in which an economic slowdown or recession is accompanied by declining real estate values. Declining real estate values generally reduce the level of new mortgage loan originations, since borrowers often use increases in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase of, or investment in, additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our loans or the loans underlying our securities, interests in MSRs and servicer advances, in a weakening real estate economy. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our investments in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our basis. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our net interest income from the assets in our portfolio, which would significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, business prospects and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Certain of our Servicing Partners have been and are subject to federal and state regulatory matters and other litigation, which may adversely impact us. 
 
 Regulatory actions or legal proceedings against certain of our Servicing Partners could increase our financing costs or operating expenses, reduce our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Such Servicing Partners may be subject to additional federal and state regulatory matters in the future that could materially and adversely affect the value of our investments to the extent we rely on them to achieve our investment objectives because we have no direct ability to influence their performance. Certain of our Servicing Partners have disclosed certain matters in their periodic reports filed with the SEC and there can be no assurance that such events will not have a material adverse effect on them. We are currently evaluating the impact of such events and cannot assure you what impact these events may have or what actions we may take under our agreements with the servicer. In addition, any of our Servicing Partners could be removed as servicer by the related loan owner or certain other transaction counterparties, which could have a material adverse effect on our interests in the loans and MSRs serviced by such Servicing Partner. 
 
 In addition, certain of our Servicing Partners have been and continue to be subject to regulatory and governmental examinations, information requests and subpoenas, inquiries, investigations and threatened legal actions and proceedings. In connection with formal and informal inquiries, such Servicing Partners may receive numerous requests, subpoenas and orders for documents, testimony and information in connection with various aspects of their activities, including whether certain of their residential loan servicing and origination practices, bankruptcy practices and other aspects of their business comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. Such Servicing Partners cannot provide any assurance as to the outcome of any of the aforementioned actions, proceedings or inquiries, or that such outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on their reputation, business, prospects, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 Mortgage servicing is heavily regulated at the U.S. federal, state and local levels, and each transfer of MSRs to our subservicer of such MSRs may not be approved by the requisite regulators. 
 
 Mortgage servicers must comply with U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations cover topics such as licensing; allowable fees and loan terms; permissible servicing and debt collection practices; limitations on forced-placed insurance; special consumer protections in connection with default and foreclosure; and protection of confidential, nonpublic consumer information. The volume of new or modified laws and regulations has increased in recent years, and states and individual cities and counties continue to enact laws that either restrict or impose additional obligations in connection with certain loan origination, acquisition and servicing activities in those cities and counties. The laws and 
 39 

regulations are complex and vary greatly among the states and localities, and in some cases, these laws are in conflict with each other or with U.S. federal law. In connection with the MSR Transactions, there is no assurance that each transfer of MSRs to our selected subservicer will be approved by the requisite regulators. If regulatory approval for each such transfer is not obtained, we may incur additional costs and expenses in connection with the approval of another replacement subservicer. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions require licenses to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans and/or MSRs, and we may not be able to obtain and/or maintain such licenses. 
 
 Certain jurisdictions require a license to purchase, hold, enforce or sell residential mortgage loans and/or MSRs. In the event that any licensing requirement is applicable to us, and we do not hold such licenses, there can be no assurance that we will obtain such licenses or, if obtained, that we will be able to maintain them. Our failure to obtain or maintain such licenses could restrict our ability to invest in loans in these jurisdictions if such licensing requirements are applicable. With respect to mortgage loans, in lieu of obtaining such licenses, we may contribute our acquired residential mortgage loans to one or more wholly owned trusts whose trustee is a national bank, which may be exempt from state licensing requirements. We have formed one or more subsidiaries to apply for certain state licenses. If these subsidiaries obtain the required licenses, any trust holding loans in the applicable jurisdictions may transfer such loans to such subsidiaries, resulting in these loans being held by a state-licensed entity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the requisite licenses in a timely manner or at all or in all necessary jurisdictions, or that the use of the trusts will reduce the requirement for licensing. In addition, even if we obtain necessary licenses, we may not be able to maintain them. Any of these circumstances could limit our ability to invest in residential mortgage loans or MSRs in the future and have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Maintenance of our 1940 Act exclusion imposes limits on our operations. 
 
 We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. We believe we will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act because we will not engage primarily, or hold ourselves out as being engaged primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. However, under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act, because we are a holding company that will conduct its businesses primarily through wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, the securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we may own, may not have a combined value in excess of 40 of the value of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, unless another exclusion from the definition of investment company is available to us. For purposes of the foregoing, we currently treat our interest in our SLS Servicer Advance Investment and our subsidiaries that hold consumer loans as investment securities because these subsidiaries presently rely on the exclusion provided by Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. The 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act limits the types of businesses in which we may engage through our subsidiaries. In addition, the assets we and our subsidiaries may originate or acquire are limited by the provisions of the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated under the 1940 Act, which may adversely affect our business. 
 
 If the value of securities issued by our subsidiaries that are excluded from the definition of investment company by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any other investment securities we own, exceeds the 40 test under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act (e.g., the value of our interests in the taxable REIT subsidiaries that hold Servicer Advance Investments and are not excluded from the definition of investment company by Section 3(c)(5)(A), (B) or (C) of the 1940 Act increases significantly in proportion to the value of our other assets), or if one or more of such subsidiaries fail to maintain an exclusion or exception from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (a) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (b) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so, or (c) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock, the sustainability of our business model and our ability to make distributions. If we or any of our subsidiaries were required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act, the registered entity would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to capital structure (including the ability to use leverage), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), portfolio composition, including restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations. 
 
 Failure to maintain an exclusion would require us to significantly restructure our investment strategy. For example, because affiliate transactions are generally prohibited under the 1940 Act, we would not be able to enter into transactions with any of our affiliates if we are required to register as an investment company. If we were required to register us as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 40 

For purposes of the foregoing, we treat our interests in certain of our wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, which constitute more than 60 of the value of our adjusted total assets on an unconsolidated basis, as non-investment securities because such subsidiaries qualify for exclusion from the definition of an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act. The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. The Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion generally requires that at least 55 of these subsidiaries assets must comprise qualifying real estate assets and at least 80 of each of their portfolios must comprise qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. We expect each of our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of such guidance to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. However, the SEC s guidance was issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations each of our subsidiaries may face, and much of the guidance was issued more than 20 years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with the classification of each of our subsidiaries assets. In addition, the SEC staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to re-classify some of our subsidiaries assets for purposes of qualifying for an exclusion from regulation under the 1940 Act. For example, the SEC and its staff have not published guidance with respect to the treatment of whole pool Non-Agency RMBS for purposes of the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. Accordingly, based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff identifying Agency whole pool certificates as qualifying real estate assets under Section 3(c)(5)(C), we treat whole pool Non-Agency RMBS issued with respect to an underlying pool of mortgage loans in which our subsidiary relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) holds all of the certificates issued by the pool as qualifying real estate assets. Based on our own judgment and analysis of the guidance from the SEC and its staff with respect to analogous assets, we treat Excess MSRs for which we do not own the related servicing rights as real estate-related assets for purposes of satisfying the 80 test under the Section 3(c)(5)(C) exclusion. If we are required to re-classify any of our subsidiaries assets, including those subsidiaries holding whole pool Non-Agency RMBS and/or Excess MSRs, such subsidiaries may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an investment company provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, and in turn, we may not satisfy the requirements to avoid falling within the definition of an investment company provided by Section 3(a)(1)(C). To the extent that the SEC staff publishes new or different guidance or disagrees with our analysis with respect to any assets of our subsidiaries we have determined to be qualifying real estate assets or real estate-related assets, we may be required to adjust our strategy accordingly. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make certain investments and these limitations could result in a subsidiary holding assets we might wish to sell or selling assets we might wish to hold. 
 
 Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from the 1940 Act. 
 
 If the market value or income potential of qualifying assets for purposes of our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act declines as a result of increased interest rates, changes in prepayment rates or other factors, or the market value or income from non-qualifying assets increases, we may need to increase our investments in qualifying assets and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our REIT qualification or our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. If the change in market values or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of any non-qualifying assets we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent the intent to maintain our qualification as a REIT and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. 
 
 We may be required to register as an investment adviser in the future, which could impose limits on our operations. 
 
 While we are currently not registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ), one or more of our subsidiaries may be required to register as such in the future, which could subject us to extensive regulation as an investment adviser and could adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 
 If we register as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, we will become subject to various requirements under the Advisers Act such as fiduciary duties to clients, anti-fraud provisions, substantive prohibitions and requirements, contractual and record-keeping requirements and administrative oversight by the SEC (primarily by inspection). In addition, if we register as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, we must continually address potential conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. Although we have established certain policies and procedures designed to mitigate conflicts of interest, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be effective in doing so. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. If we are deemed to be out of compliance with any such rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil liability, criminal liability and/or regulatory sanctions. 
 
 41 

Regulatory scrutiny regarding foreclosure processes could lengthen foreclosure timelines, which could increase advances and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 When a residential mortgage loan is in foreclosure, the servicer is generally required to continue to advance delinquent principal and interest to the securitization trust and to also make advances for delinquent taxes and insurance and foreclosure costs and the upkeep of vacant property in foreclosure to the extent it determines that such amounts are recoverable. These servicer advances are generally recovered when the delinquency is resolved. Foreclosure moratoria or other actions that lengthen the foreclosure process increase the amount of servicer advances, lengthen the time it takes for reimbursement of such advances and increase the costs incurred during the foreclosure process. In addition, servicer advance financing facilities generally contain provisions that limit the eligibility of servicer advances to be financed based on the length of time that servicer advances are outstanding, and, as a result, an increase in foreclosure timelines could further increase the amount of servicer advances that need to be funded from the related servicer s own capital. Such increases in foreclosure timelines could increase the need for capital to fund servicer advances, which would increase our interest expense, delay the collection of interest income or servicing revenue until the foreclosure has been resolved and, therefore, reduce the cash that we have available to pay our operating expenses or to pay dividends. 
 
 The impact of legislative and regulatory changes on our business, as well as the market and industry in which we operate, are uncertain and may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in July 2010, which affects almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including certain aspects of the markets in which we operate and imposes new regulations on us and how we conduct our business. As we describe in more detail below, it affects our business in many ways but it is difficult at this time to know exactly how or what the cumulative impact will be. 
 
 Generally, the Dodd-Frank Act strengthens the regulatory oversight of securities and capital markets activities by the SEC and established the CFPB to enforce laws and regulations for consumer financial products and services. It requires market participants to undertake additional record-keeping activities and imposes many additional disclosure requirements for public companies. 
 
 Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Act contains a risk retention requirement for all asset-backed securities, which we issue. In October 2014, final rules were promulgated by a consortium of regulators implementing the final credit risk retention requirements of Section 941(b) of the Dodd-Frank Act. Under these Risk Retention Rules, sponsors of both public and private securitization transactions or one of their majority owned affiliates are required to retain at least 5 of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing such securitization transactions. These regulations generally prohibit the sponsor or its affiliate from directly or indirectly hedging or otherwise selling or transferring the retained interest for a specified period of time, depending on the type of asset that is securitized. Certain limited exemptions from these rules are available for certain types of assets, which may be of limited use under our current market practices. In any event, compliance with these new Risk Retention Rules has increased and will likely continue to increase the administrative and operational costs of asset securitization. 
 
 Further, the Dodd-Frank Act imposes mandatory clearing and exchange-trading requirements on many derivatives transactions (including formerly unregulated over-the-counter derivatives) in which we may engage. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act is expected to increase the margin requirements for derivatives transactions that are not subject to mandatory clearing requirements, which may impact our activities. The Dodd-Frank Act also creates new categories of regulated market participants, such as swap-dealers, security-based swap dealers, major swap participants and major security-based swap participants, and subjects or may subject these regulated entities to significant new capital, registration, recordkeeping, reporting, disclosure, business conduct and other regulatory requirements that will give rise to new administrative costs. 
 
 Also, under the Dodd-Frank Act, financial regulators belonging to the Financial Stability Oversight Council are authorized to designate nonbank financial institutions and financial activities as systemically important to the economy and therefore subject to closer regulatory supervision. Such systemically important financial institutions SIFIs may be required to operate with greater safety margins, such as higher levels of capital and may face further limitations on their activities. The determination of what constitutes a SIFI is evolving and in time SIFIs may include large investment funds and even asset managers. There can be no assurance that we will not be deemed to be a SIFI or engage in activities later determined to be systemically important and thus subject to further regulation. 
 
 Even new requirements that are not directly applicable to us may still increase our costs of entering into transactions with the parties to whom the requirements are directly applicable. For instance, if the exchange-trading and trade reporting requirements lead to reductions in the liquidity of derivative transactions we may experience higher pricing or reduced availability of derivatives, or the reduction of arbitrage opportunities for us, which could adversely affect the performance of certain of our 
 42 

trading strategies. Importantly, many key aspects of the changes imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established by various regulatory bodies and other groups over the next several years. 
 
 In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding the legislative and regulatory outlook for the Dodd-Frank Act and related statutes governing financial services, which may include Dodd-Frank Act amendments, mortgage finance and housing policy in the U.S., and the future structure and responsibilities of regulatory agencies such as the CFPB and the FHFA. For example, in March 2018, the U.S. Senate approved banking reform legislation intended to ease some of the restrictions imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. Due to this uncertainty, it is not possible for us to predict how future legislative or regulatory proposals by Congress and the current Administration will affect us or the market and industry in which we operate, and there can be no assurance that the resulting changes will not have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. It is possible that such regulatory changes could, among other things, increase our costs of operating as a public company, impose restrictions on our ability to securitize assets and reduce our investment returns on securitized assets. 
 
 The federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S. government, may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The payments we receive on the Agency RMBS in which we invest depend upon a steady stream of payments by borrowers on the underlying mortgages and the fulfillment of guarantees by GSEs. Ginnie Mae is part of a U.S. Government agency and its guarantees are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are GSEs, but their guarantees are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. 
 
 In response to the deteriorating financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the credit market disruption beginning in 2007, Congress and the U.S. Treasury undertook a series of actions to stabilize these GSEs and the financial markets, generally. The Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 was signed into law on July 30, 2008, and established the FHFA, with enhanced regulatory authority over, among other things, the business activities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the size of their portfolio holdings. On September 7, 2008, FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into federal conservatorship and, together with the U.S. Treasury, established a program designed to boost investor confidence in Fannie Mae s and Freddie Mac s debt and Agency RMBS. 
 
 As the conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the FHFA controls and directs the operations of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and may (1) take over the assets of and operate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with all the powers of the stockholders, the directors and the officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and conduct all business of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; (2) collect all obligations and money due to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; (3) perform all functions of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which are consistent with the conservator s appointment; (4) preserve and conserve the assets and property of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; and (5) contract for assistance in fulfilling any function, activity, action or duty of the conservator. 
 
 Those efforts resulted in significant U.S. Government financial support and increased control of the GSEs. 
 
 The Federal Reserve announced in November 2008 a program of large-scale purchases of Agency RMBS in an attempt to lower longer-term interest rates and contribute to an overall easing of adverse financial conditions. Subject to specified investment guidelines, the portfolios of Agency RMBS purchased through the programs established by the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve may be held to maturity and, based on mortgage market conditions, adjustments may be made to these portfolios. This flexibility may adversely affect the pricing and availability of Agency RMBS that we seek to acquire during the remaining term of these portfolios. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the U.S. Government s intervention in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be adequate for the longer-term viability of these GSEs. These uncertainties lead to questions about the availability of and trading market for, Agency RMBS. Accordingly, if these government actions are inadequate and the GSEs defaulted on their guaranteed obligations, suffered losses or ceased to exist, the value of our Agency RMBS and our business, operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Additionally, because of the financial problems faced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that led to their federal conservatorships, the Administration and Congress have been examining reform of the GSEs, including the value of a federal mortgage guarantee and the appropriate role for the U.S. government in providing liquidity for residential mortgage loans. It is unclear to what degree any reform will be undertaken and the final details of any plans, policies or proposals with respect to the housing GSEs are unknown at this time. In the past and potentially in this Congress, bills have been introduced that change the GSEs business charters and eliminate the entities or make other changes to the existing framework. We cannot predict whether or when such legislation may be enacted. If enacted, such legislation could materially and adversely affect the availability of, and trading 
 43 

market for, Agency RMBS and could, therefore, materially and adversely affect the value of our Agency RMBS and our business, operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, and our subsidiaries business results may be significantly impacted by the existing and future laws and regulations to which they are subject. If our subsidiaries performing mortgage lending and servicing activities fail to operate in compliance with both existing and future statutory, regulatory and other requirements, our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our subsidiaries that perform mortgage lending and servicing activities are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental and regulatory authorities, including the CFPB, the Federal Trade Commission, HUD, VA, the SEC and various state agencies that license, audit, investigate and conduct examinations of such subsidiaries mortgage servicing, origination, debt collection and other activities. In the current regulatory environment, the policies, laws, rules and regulations applicable to our subsidiaries mortgage origination and servicing businesses have been rapidly evolving. Federal, state or local governmental authorities may continue to enact laws, rules or regulations that will result in changes in our and our subsidiaries business practices and may materially increase the costs of compliance. We are unable to predict whether any such changes will adversely affect our business. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries must comply with a large number of federal, state and local consumer protection laws including, among others, the Dodd-Frank Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Homeowners Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, as well as individual state licensing, privacy, and foreclosure laws and federal and local bankruptcy rules. These statutes apply to many facets of our subsidiaries businesses, including loan origination, default servicing and collections, use of credit reports, safeguarding of non-public personally identifiable information about customers, foreclosure and claims handling, investment of and interest payments on escrow balances and escrow payment features and such statutes mandate certain disclosures and notices to borrowers. These requirements can and will change as statutes and regulations are enacted, promulgated, amended, interpreted and enforced. 
 
 In addition, the GSEs, Ginnie Mae and other business counterparties subject our subsidiaries mortgage origination and servicing businesses to periodic examinations, reviews and audits, and we routinely conduct our own internal examinations, reviews and audits. These various examinations, reviews and audits of our subsidiaries businesses and related activities may reveal deficiencies in such subsidiaries compliance with our policies and other requirements to which they are subject. While we strive to investigate and remediate such deficiencies, there can be no assurance that our internal investigations will reveal any deficiencies or that any remedial measures that we implement, which could involve material expense, will ensure compliance with applicable policies, laws, regulations and other requirements or be deemed sufficient by the GSEs, Ginnie Mae, federal and local governmental authorities or other interested parties. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries devote substantial resources to regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries, and we incur, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs in connection therewith. Our business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the substantial resources we devote to, and the significant compliance costs we incur in connection with, regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries, including any fines, penalties, restitution or similar payments we may be required to make in connection with resolving such matters. 
 
 The actual or alleged failure of our mortgage origination and servicing subsidiaries to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations and GSE, Ginnie Mae and other business counterparty requirements, or to implement and adhere to adequate remedial measures designed to address any identified compliance deficiencies, could lead to: 
 
 the loss or suspension of licenses and approvals necessary to operate our or our subsidiaries business; 
 limitations, restrictions or complete bans on our or our subsidiaries business or various segments of our business; 
 our or our subsidiaries disqualification from participation in governmental programs, including GSE, Ginnie Mae and VA programs; 
 breaches of covenants and representations under our servicing, debt, or other agreements; 
 negative publicity and damage to our reputation; 
 governmental investigations and enforcement actions; 
 administrative fines and financial penalties; 
 litigation, including class action lawsuits; 
 civil and criminal liability; 
 termination of our servicing and subservicing agreements or other contracts; 
 44 

demands for us to repurchase loans; 
 loss of personnel who are targeted by prosecutions, investigations, enforcement actions or litigation; 
 a significant increase in compliance costs; 
 a significant increase in the resources we and our subsidiaries devote to regulatory compliance and regulatory inquiries; 
 an inability to access new, or a default under or other loss of current, liquidity and funding sources necessary to operate our business; 
 restrictions on our or our subsidiaries business activities; 
 impairment of assets; and 
 an inability to execute on our business strategy. 
 
 Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, prospects, liquidity and/or results of operations. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that any such scrutiny and investigations will not materially adversely affect us. Additionally, in recent years, the general trend among federal, state and local lawmakers and regulators has been toward increasing laws, regulations and investigative proceedings with regard to residential mortgage lenders and servicers. The CFPB continues to take an active role in supervising the mortgage industry, and its rule-making and regulatory agenda relating to loan servicing and origination continues to evolve. Individual states have also been increasingly active in supervising non-bank mortgage lenders and servicers such as our Mortgage Company, and certain regulators have communicated recommendations, expectations or demands with respect to areas such as corporate governance, safety and soundness, risk and compliance management, and cybersecurity, in addition to their focus on traditional licensing and examination matters. 
 
 Uncertainty exists with respect to the future of regulation of mortgage lending and servicing, including the future of the Dodd-Frank Act and CFPB. We cannot predict the specific legislative or executive actions that may result or what actions federal or state regulators might take in response to potential changes to the Dodd-Frank Act or to the federal regulatory environment generally. Such actions could impact the mortgage industry generally or us specifically, could impact our relationships with other regulators and could adversely impact our business. 
 
 The CFPB and certain state regulators have increasingly focused on the use, and adequacy, of technology in the mortgage servicing industry. For example, in 2016, the CFPB issued a special edition supervision report that stressed the need for mortgage servicers to assess and make necessary improvements to their information technology systems in order to ensure compliance with the CFPB s mortgage servicing requirements. The New York Department of Financial Services NY DFS also issued Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, effective in 2017, which requires banks, insurance companies and other financial services institutions regulated by the NY DFS to establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect consumers and ensure the safety and soundness of New York State s financial services industry. In addition, the CCPA, effective in 2020, requires businesses that maintain personal information of California residents, including certain mortgage lenders and servicers, to notify certain consumers when collecting their data, respond to consumer requests relating to the uses of their data, verify the identities of consumers who make requests, disclose details regarding transactions involving their data, and maintain records of consumer requests relating to their data, among various other obligations and to create procedures designed to comply with CCPA requirements. The impact of the CCPA, its implementing regulations, and similar legislation enacted in other states, on our mortgage origination and servicing businesses remains uncertain, and may result in an increase in legal and compliance costs. 
 
 New regulatory and legislative measures, or changes in enforcement practices, including those related to the technology we use, could, either individually or in the aggregate, require significant changes to our business practices, impose additional costs on us, limit our product offerings, limit our ability to efficiently pursue business opportunities, negatively impact asset values or reduce our revenues. Accordingly, any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Rithm Capital s subsidiaries, NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis, are or may become subject to significant state and federal regulations. 
 
 Subsidiaries of Rithm Capital, NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis, have obtained applicable qualifications, licenses and approvals to own Non-Agency and certain Agency MSRs in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions. As a result of NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis s current and expected approvals, NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis are subject to extensive and comprehensive regulation under federal, state and local laws in the U.S. These laws and regulations do, and may in the future, significantly affect the way that NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis do business, and subject NRM, Newrez, Caliber, Genesis and Rithm Capital to additional costs and regulatory obligations, which could impact our financial results. 
 45 

NRM, Newrez, Caliber and Genesis s business may become subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny in the future, which may lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, including both formal and informal inquiries, from various state and federal agencies as part of those agencies supervision of mortgage servicing and origination business activities. An adverse result in governmental investigations or examinations or private lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits, may adversely affect NRM, Newrez, Caliber, Genesis and our financial results or result in serious reputational harm. In addition, a number of participants in the mortgage servicing industry have been the subject of purported class action lawsuits and regulatory actions by state or federal regulators and other industry participants have been the subject of actions by state Attorneys General. 
 
 Failure of Rithm Capital s subsidiaries, NRM, Newrez and Caliber, to obtain or maintain certain licenses and approvals required for NRM, Newrez and Caliber to purchase and own MSRs could prevent us from purchasing or owning MSRs, which could limit our potential business activities. 
 
 State and federal laws require a business to hold certain state licenses prior to acquiring MSRs. NRM, Newrez and Caliber are currently licensed or otherwise eligible to hold MSRs in each applicable state. As a licensee in such states, NRM, Newrez or Caliber may become subject to administrative actions in those states for failing to satisfy ongoing license requirements or for other state law violations, the consequences of which could include fines or suspensions or revocations of NRM, Newrez or Caliber licenses by applicable state regulatory authorities, which could in turn result in NRM, Newrez or Caliber becoming ineligible to hold MSRs in the related jurisdictions. We could be delayed or prohibited from conducting certain business activities if we do not maintain necessary licenses in certain jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain all of the required state licenses. 
 
 Additionally, NRM, Newrez and Caliber have received approval from FHA to hold MSRs associated with FHA-insured mortgage loans, from Fannie Mae to hold MSRs associated with loans owned by Fannie Mae, and from Freddie Mac to hold MSRs associated with loans owned by Freddie Mac. As approved Fannie Mae Servicers, Freddie Mac Servicers and FHA Lenders, NRM, Newrez and Caliber are required to conduct aspects of their respective operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by FHA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in order to maintain those approvals. Should NRM, Newrez or Caliber fail to maintain FHA, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac approval, NRM, Newrez or Caliber may be unable to purchase or hold MSRs associated with FHA-insured, Fannie Mae and/or Freddie Mac loans, which could limit our potential business activities. 
 
 In addition, Newrez and Caliber are approved issuers of mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and service the mortgage loans related to such securities Ginnie Mae Issuer ). As approved Ginnie Mae Issuers, Newrez and Caliber are required to conduct aspects of their operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by Ginnie Mae in order to maintain their approvals. Should Newrez or Caliber fail to maintain Ginnie Mae approval, we may be unable to purchase or hold MSRs associated with Ginnie Mae loans, which could limit our potential business activities. 
 
 NRM, Newrez and Caliber are currently subject to various, and may become subject to additional information, reporting and other regulatory requirements, and there is no assurance that we will be able to satisfy those requirements or other ongoing requirements applicable to mortgage loan servicers under applicable federal and state laws and regulations. Any failure by NRM, Newrez or Caliber to comply with such state or federal regulatory requirements may expose us to administrative or enforcement actions, license or approval suspensions or revocations or other penalties that may restrict our business and investment options, any of which could adversely impact our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 
 Legislation that permits modifications to the terms of outstanding loans may negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. government has enacted legislation that enables government agencies to modify the terms of a significant number of residential and other loans to provide relief to borrowers without the applicable investor s consent. These modifications allow for outstanding principal to be deferred, interest rates to be reduced, the term of the loan to be extended or other terms to be changed in ways that can permanently eliminate the cash flow (principal and interest) associated with a portion of the loan. These modifications are currently reducing, or in the future may reduce, the value of a number of our current or future investments, including investments in mortgage backed securities and interests in MSRs. As a result, such loan modifications are negatively affecting our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. In addition, certain market participants propose reducing the amount of paperwork required by a borrower to modify a loan, which could increase the likelihood of fraudulent modifications and materially harm the U.S. mortgage market and investors that have exposure to this 
 46 

market. Additional legislation intended to provide relief to borrowers may be enacted and could further harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In March 2020, the GSEs and HUD announced forbearance policies for GSE loans and government-insured loans for homeowners experiencing financial hardship associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. These announcements were followed by the signing of the CARES Act in March 2020. We may be obligated to make servicing advances to fund scheduled principal, interest, tax and insurance payments during forbearances when the borrower has failed to make such payments, and potentially various other amounts that may be required to preserve the assets being serviced, which could further harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financing Arrangements 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness, including, but not limited to, the indenture governing our 2025 Senior Notes, contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. The indenture governing our 2025 Senior Notes restricts among other things, our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to: 
 
 incur certain additional debt; 
 make certain investments or acquisitions; 
 create certain liens on our or our subsidiaries assets; 
 sell assets; and 
 merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 These covenants could impair our ability to grow our business, take advantage of attractive business opportunities or successfully compete. A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default. Cross-default provisions in our debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our debt agreements, the lenders or holders thereof could elect to declare all outstanding debt under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. 
 
 The lenders under our financing agreements may elect not to extend financing to us, which could quickly and seriously impair our liquidity. 
 
 We finance a meaningful portion of our investments with repurchase agreements and other short-term financing arrangements. Under the terms of repurchase agreements, we will sell an asset to the lending counterparty for a specified price and concurrently agree to repurchase the same asset from our counterparty at a later date for a higher specified price. During the term of the repurchase agreement which can be as short as 30 days the counterparty will make funds available to us and hold the asset as collateral. Our counterparties can also require us to post additional margin as collateral at any time during the term of the agreement. When the term of a repurchase agreement ends, we will be required to repurchase the asset for the specified repurchase price, with the difference between the sale and repurchase prices serving as the equivalent of paying interest to the counterparty in return for extending financing to us. If we want to continue to finance the asset with a repurchase agreement, we ask the counterparty to extend or roll the repurchase agreement for another term. 
 
 Our counterparties are not required to roll our repurchase agreements or other financing agreements upon the expiration of their stated terms, which subjects us to a number of risks. Counterparties electing to roll our financing agreements may charge higher spread and impose more onerous terms upon us, including the requirement that we post additional margin as collateral. More significantly, if a financing agreement counterparty elects not to extend our financing, we would be required to pay the counterparty in full on the maturity date and find an alternate source of financing. Alternate sources of financing may be more expensive, contain more onerous terms or simply may not be available. If we were unable to pay the repurchase price for any asset financed with a repurchase agreement, the counterparty has the right to sell the asset being held as collateral and require us to compensate it for any shortfall between the value of our obligation to the counterparty and the amount for which the collateral was sold (which may be a significantly discounted price). Moreover, our financing agreement obligations are currently with a limited number of counterparties. If any of our counterparties elected not to roll our financing agreements, we may not be able to find a replacement counterparty in a timely manner. Finally, some of our financing agreements contain covenants and our failure to comply with such covenants could result in a loss of our investment. 
 
 The financing sources under our servicer advance financing facilities may elect not to extend financing to us or may have or take positions adverse to us, which could quickly and seriously impair our liquidity. 
 47 

We finance a meaningful portion of our Servicer Advance Investments and servicer advance receivables with structured financing arrangements. These arrangements are commonly of a short-term nature. These arrangements are generally accomplished by having the named servicer, if the named servicer is a subsidiary of the Company, or the purchaser of such Servicer Advance Investments (which is a subsidiary of the Company) transfer our right to repayment for certain servicer advances that we have as servicer under the relevant Servicing Guidelines or that we have acquired from one of our Servicing Partners, as applicable, to one of our wholly owned bankruptcy remote subsidiaries (a Depositor ). We are generally required to continue to transfer to the related Depositor all of our rights to repayment for any particular pool of servicer advances as they arise (and, if applicable, are transferred from one of our Servicing Partners) until the related financing arrangement is paid in full and is terminated. The related Depositor then transfers such rights to an Issuer. The Issuer then issues limited recourse notes to the financing sources backed by such rights to repayment. 
 
 The outstanding balance of servicer advance receivables securing these arrangements is not likely to be repaid on or before the maturity date of such financing arrangements. Accordingly, we rely heavily on our financing sources to extend or refinance the terms of such financing arrangements. Our financing sources are not required to extend the arrangements upon the expiration of their stated terms, which subjects us to a number of risks. Financing sources electing to extend may charge higher interest rates and impose more onerous terms upon us, including without limitation, lowering the amount of financing that can be extended against any particular pool of servicer advances. 
 
 If a financing source is unable or unwilling to extend financing, including, but not limited to, due to legal or regulatory matters applicable to us or our Servicing Partners, the related Issuer will be required to repay the outstanding balance of the financing on the related maturity date. Additionally, there may be substantial increases in the interest rates under a financing arrangement if the related notes are not repaid, extended or refinanced prior to the expected repayment dated, which may be before the related maturity date. If an Issuer is unable to pay the outstanding balance of the notes, the financing sources generally have the right to foreclose on the servicer advances pledged as collateral. 
 
 Currently, certain of the notes issued under our structured servicer advance financing arrangements accrue interest at a floating rate of interest. Servicer advance receivables are non-interest bearing assets. Accordingly, if there is an increase in prevailing interest rates and/or our financing sources increase the interest rate margins or spreads, the amount of financing that we could obtain against any particular pool of servicer advances may decrease substantially and/or we may be required to obtain interest rate hedging arrangements. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such interest rate hedging arrangements. 
 
 Alternate sources of financing may be more expensive, contain more onerous terms or simply may not be available. Moreover, our structured servicer advance financing arrangements are currently with a limited number of counterparties. If any of our sources are unable to or elected not to extend or refinance such arrangements, we may not be able to find a replacement counterparty in a timely manner. 
 
 Many of our servicer advance financing arrangements are provided by financial institutions with whom we have substantial relationships. Some of our servicer advance financing arrangements entail the issuance of term notes to capital markets investors with whom we have little or no relationships or the identities of which we may not be aware and, therefore, we have no ability to control or monitor the identity of the holders of such term notes. Holders of such term notes may have or may take positions for example, short positions in our stock or the stock of our servicers that could be benefited by adverse events with respect to us or our Servicing Partners. If any holders of term notes allege or assert noncompliance by us or the related Servicing Partner under our servicer advance financing arrangements in order to realize such benefits, we or our Servicing Partners, or our ability to maintain servicer advance financing on favorable terms, could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may not be able to finance our investments on attractive terms or at all, and financing for interests in MSRs or servicer advance receivables may be particularly difficult to obtain. 
 
 The ability to finance investments with securitizations or other long-term non-recourse financing not subject to margin requirements has been challenging as a result of market conditions. These conditions may result in having to use less efficient forms of financing for any new investments, or the refinancing of current investments, which will likely require a larger portion of our cash flows to be put toward making the investment and thereby reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders and funds available for operations and investments and which will also likely require us to assume higher levels of risk when financing our investments. In addition, there is a limited market for financing of interests in MSRs, and it is possible that one will not develop for a variety of reasons, such as the challenges with perfecting security interests in the underlying collateral. 
 
 48 

Certain of our advance facilities may mature in the short term and there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these facilities on favorable terms or at all. Moreover, an increase in delinquencies with respect to the loans underlying our servicer advance receivables could result in the need for additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If we are not able to obtain adequate financing to purchase servicer advance receivables from our Servicing Partners or fund servicer advances under our MSRs in accordance with the applicable Servicing Guidelines, we or any such Servicing Partner, as applicable, could default on its obligation to fund such advances, which could result in its termination of us or any applicable Servicing Partner, as applicable, as servicer under the applicable Servicing Guidelines, and a partial or total loss of our interests in MSRs and servicer advances, as applicable. 
 
 The non-recourse long-term financing structures we use expose us to risks, which could result in losses to us. 
 
 We use structured finance and other non-recourse long-term financing for our investments to the extent available and appropriate. In such structures, our financing sources typically have only a claim against the assets included in the securitizations rather than a general claim against us as an entity. Prior to any such financing, we would seek to finance our investments with relatively short-term facilities until a sufficient portfolio is accumulated. As a result, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that any short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible assets or securities to maximize the efficiency of a securitization. We also bear the risk that we would not be able to obtain new short-term facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term facilities after they expire should we need more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible assets or securities for a securitization. In addition, conditions in the capital markets may make the issuance of any such securitization less attractive to us even when we do have sufficient eligible assets or securities. While we would generally intend to retain a portion of the interests issued under such securitizations and, therefore, still have exposure to any investments included in such securitizations, our inability to enter into such securitizations may increase our overall exposure to risks associated with direct ownership of such investments, including the risk of default. Our inability to refinance any short-term facilities would also increase our risk because borrowings thereunder would likely be recourse to us as an entity. If we are unable to obtain and renew short-term facilities or to consummate securitizations to finance our investments on a long-term basis, we may be required to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 
 Our ability to borrow may be adversely affected by the suspension or delay of the rating of the notes issued under certain of our financing facilities by the credit agency providing the ratings. 
 
 Certain of our financing facilities are rated by one rating agency and we may sponsor financing facilities in the future that are rated by credit agencies. The related agency or rating agencies may suspend rating notes backed by servicer advances, MSRs, Excess MSRs and our other investments at any time. Rating agency delays may result in our inability to obtain timely ratings on new notes, or amend or modify other financing facilities which could adversely impact the availability of borrowings or the interest rates, advance rates or other financing terms and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Further, if we are unable to secure ratings from other agencies, limited investor demand for unrated notes could result in further adverse changes to our liquidity and profitability. 
 
 A downgrade of certain of the notes issued under our financing facilities could cause such notes to become due and payable prior to their expected repayment date/maturity date, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Representations and warranties made by us in our collateralized borrowings and loan sale agreements may subject us to liability. 
 
 Our financing facilities require us to make certain representations and warranties regarding the assets that collateralize the borrowings. Although we perform due diligence on the assets that we acquire, certain representations and warranties that we make in respect of such assets may ultimately be determined to be inaccurate. In addition, our loan sale agreements require us to make representations and warranties to the purchaser regarding the loans that were sold. Such representations and warranties may include, but are not limited to, issues such as the validity of the lien; the absence of delinquent taxes or other liens; the loans compliance with all local, state and federal laws and the delivery of all documents required to perfect title to the lien. 
 
 In the event of a breach of a representation or warranty, we may be required to repurchase affected loans, make indemnification payments to certain indemnified parties or address any claims associated with such breach. Further, we may have limited or no recourse against the seller from whom we purchased the loans. Such recourse may be limited due to a variety of factors, including the absence of a representation or warranty from the seller corresponding to the representation provided by us, the contractual expiration thereof, or seller s bankruptcy, liquidation, or termination of its affairs. A breach of a representation or warranty could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. 
 49 

Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT 
 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Compliance with these requirements must be carefully monitored on a continuing basis. Monitoring and managing our REIT compliance has become challenging due to the increased size and complexity of the assets in our portfolio, a meaningful portion of which are not qualifying REIT assets. There can be no assurance that our personnel responsible for doing so will be able to successfully monitor our compliance or maintain our REIT status. 
 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 
 We intend to operate in a manner intended to qualify us as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we do not obtain independent appraisals. See Risks Related to our Business The valuations of our assets are subject to uncertainty because most of our assets are not traded in an active market, and Risks Related to the Financial Markets and Our Regulatory Environment Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exclusion from the 1940 Act. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Moreover, the proper classification of one or more of our investments (such as TBAs) may be uncertain in some circumstances, which could affect the application of the REIT qualification requirements. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS will not contend that our investments violate the REIT requirements. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and distributions to stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders, which in turn could have an adverse impact on the value of, and market price for, our stock. See also Our failure to qualify as a REIT would cause our stock to be delisted from the NYSE. 
 
 Unless entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, we also would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we initially ceased to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would cause our stock to be delisted from the NYSE. 
 
 The NYSE requires, as a condition to the listing of our shares, that we maintain our REIT status. Consequently, if we fail to maintain our REIT status, our shares would promptly be delisted from the NYSE, which would decrease the trading activity of such shares. This could make it difficult to sell shares and would likely cause the market volume of the shares trading to decline. 
 
 If we were delisted as a result of losing our REIT status and desired to relist our shares on the NYSE, we would have to reapply to the NYSE to be listed as a domestic corporation. As the NYSE s listing standards for REITs are less onerous than its standards for domestic corporations, it would be more difficult for us to become a listed company under these heightened standards. We might not be able to satisfy the NYSE s listing standards for a domestic corporation. As a result, if we were delisted from the NYSE, we might not be able to relist as a domestic corporation, in which case our shares could not trade on the NYSE. 
 
 The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to qualify as real estate assets could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We enter into financing arrangements that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically, these agreements are financings that are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that, for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, we should be treated as the owner of the assets that 
 50 

are the subject of any such sale and repurchase agreement, notwithstanding that those agreements generally transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which case we might fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 The failure of our Excess MSRs to qualify as real estate assets or the income from our Excess MSRs to qualify as mortgage interest could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We have received from the IRS a private letter ruling substantially to the effect that our Excess MSRs represent interests in mortgages on real property and thus are qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the REIT asset test, which generate income that qualifies as interest on obligations secured by mortgages on real property for purposes of the REIT income test. The ruling is based on, among other things, certain assumptions as well as on the accuracy of certain factual representations and statements that we have made to the IRS. If any of the representations or statements that we have made in connection with the private letter ruling, are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect with respect to one or more Excess MSR investments, or if we acquire an Excess MSR investment with terms that are not consistent with the terms of the Excess MSR investments described in the private letter ruling, then we will not be able to rely on the private letter ruling. If we are unable to rely on the private letter ruling with respect to an Excess MSR investment, the IRS could assert that such Excess MSR investments do not qualify under the REIT asset and income tests, and if successful, we might fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some qualified dividends. 
 
 Dividends payable to domestic stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates are generally taxed at reduced tax rates applicable to qualified dividends. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for those reduced rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to non-REIT corporate dividends, which could affect the value of our real estate assets negatively. 
 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan. 
 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. However, differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis to meet the 90 distribution requirement of the Internal Revenue Code. Certain of our assets, such as our investment in consumer loans, generate substantial mismatches between taxable income and available cash. As a result, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our net taxable income could cause us to: (i) sell assets in adverse market conditions; (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms; (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt; or (iv) make taxable distributions of our capital stock or debt securities in order to comply with REIT requirements. Further, amounts distributed will not be available to fund investment activities. If we fail to obtain debt or equity capital in the future, it could limit our ability to satisfy our liquidity needs, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 We may be required to report taxable income for certain investments in excess of the economic income we ultimately realize from them. 
 
 Based on IRS guidance concerning the classification of Excess MSRs, we intend to treat our Excess MSRs as ownership interests in the interest payments made on the underlying residential mortgage loans, akin to an interest only strip. Under this treatment, for purposes of determining the amount and timing of taxable income, each Excess MSR is treated as a bond that was issued with original issue discount on the date we acquired such Excess MSR. In general, we will be required to accrue original issue discount based on the constant yield to maturity of each Excess MSR and to treat such original issue discount as taxable income in accordance with the applicable U.S. federal income tax rules. The constant yield of an Excess MSR will be determined, and we will be taxed, based on a prepayment assumption regarding future payments due on the residential mortgage loans underlying the Excess MSR. If the residential mortgage loans underlying an Excess MSR prepay at a rate different than that under the prepayment assumption, our recognition of original issue discount will be either increased or decreased depending on the circumstances. Thus, in a particular taxable year, we may be required to accrue an amount of income in respect of an Excess MSR that exceeds the amount of cash collected in respect of that Excess MSR. Furthermore, it is possible that, over the life of the investment in an Excess MSR, the total amount we pay for, and accrue with respect to, the 
 51 

Excess MSR may exceed the total amount we collect on such Excess MSR. No assurance can be given that we will be entitled to a deduction for such excess, meaning that we may be required to recognize phantom income over the life of an Excess MSR. 
 
 Other debt instruments that we may acquire, including consumer loans, may be issued with, or treated as issued with, original issue discount. Those instruments would be subject to the original issue discount accrual and income computations that are described above with regard to Excess MSRs. 
 
 Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA enacted in 2017, we generally are required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on certain financial statements. The application of this rule may require the accrual of, among other categories of income, income with respect to certain debt instruments or mortgage-backed securities, such as original issue discount, earlier than would be the case under the general tax rules, although the precise application of this rule is unclear at this time. 
 
 We may acquire debt instruments in the secondary market for less than their face amount. The discount at which such debt instruments are acquired may reflect doubts about their ultimate collectability rather than current market interest rates. The amount of such discount will nevertheless generally be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accrued market discount is reported as income when, and to the extent that, any payment of principal of the debt instrument is made. If we collect less on the debt instrument than our purchase price plus the market discount we had previously reported as income, we may not be able to benefit from any offsetting loss deductions. 
 
 In addition, we may acquire debt instruments that are subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding instrument are significant modifications under the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, the modified instrument will be considered to have been reissued to us in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower. In that event, we may be required to recognize taxable gain to the extent the principal amount of the modified instrument exceeds our adjusted tax basis in the unmodified instrument, even if the value of the instrument or the payment expectations have not changed. Following such a taxable modification, we would hold the modified loan with a cost basis equal to its principal amount for U.S. federal tax purposes. 
 
 Finally, in the event that any debt instruments acquired by us are delinquent as to mandatory principal and interest payments, or in the event payments with respect to a particular instrument are not made when due, we may nonetheless be required to continue to recognize the unpaid interest as taxable income as it accrues, despite doubt as to its ultimate collectability. Similarly, we may be required to accrue interest income with respect to debt instruments at the stated rate regardless of whether corresponding cash payments are received or are ultimately collectible. In each case, while we would in general ultimately have an offsetting loss deduction available to us when such interest was determined to be uncollectible, the utility of that deduction could depend on our having taxable income of an appropriate character in that later year or thereafter. 
 
 In any event, if our investments generate more taxable income than cash in any given year, we may have difficulty satisfying our annual REIT distribution requirement. 
 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash from operations to pay our operating expenses and to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 As a REIT, we are generally required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and not including net capital gains) each year to our stockholders. To qualify for the tax benefits accorded to REITs, we intend to make distributions to our stockholders in amounts such that we distribute all or substantially all of our net taxable income, subject to certain adjustments, although there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient cash to make such distributions. Moreover, our ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the risk factors described herein. See also Risks Related to our Stock We have not established a minimum distribution payment level for our common stock, and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 
 The stock ownership limit imposed by the Internal Revenue Code for REITs and our certificate of incorporation may inhibit market activity in our stock and restrict our business combination opportunities. 
 
 In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after our first taxable year. Our certificate of incorporation, with certain exceptions, authorizes our board of directors to take the actions that are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Stockholders are generally restricted from owning more than 9.8 by value or number of 
 52 

shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of common stock, or 9.8 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of capital stock. Our board of directors may grant an exemption in its sole discretion, subject to such conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine in its sole discretion. These ownership limits could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Even if we remain qualified as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow. 
 
 Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. Moreover, if a REIT distributes less than 85 of its ordinary income and 95 of its capital gain net income plus any undistributed shortfall from the prior year (the Required Distribution to its stockholders during any calendar year (including any distributions declared by the last day of the calendar year but paid in the subsequent year), then it is required to pay an excise tax on 4 of any shortfall between the Required Distribution and the amount that was actually distributed. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avert the imposition of a 100 tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we may hold some of our assets through TRSs. Such subsidiaries generally will be subject to corporate level income tax at regular rates and the payment of such taxes would reduce our return on the applicable investment. Currently, we hold significant portions of our investments and activities through TRSs, including Servicer Advance Investments, MSRs and origination and servicing activities, and we may contribute other non-qualifying investments, such as our investment in consumer loans, to a TRS in the future. 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may negatively impact our investment returns or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities, liquidate assets or contribute assets to a TRS. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. As a result of these tests, we may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, forgo otherwise attractive investment opportunities, liquidate assets in adverse market conditions or contribute assets to a TRS that is subject to regular corporate federal income tax. Our ability to acquire and hold MSRs, interests in consumer loans, Servicer Advance Investments and other investments is subject to the applicable REIT qualification tests, and we may have to hold these interests through TRSs, which would negatively impact our returns from these assets. In general, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make and retain certain attractive investments. 
 
 Complying with the REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 
 The existing REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may substantially limit our ability to hedge our operations because a significant amount of the income from those hedging transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both REIT gross income tests. In addition, we must limit our aggregate income from non-qualified hedging transactions, from our provision of services and from other non-qualifying sources, to less than 5 of our annual gross income (determined without regard to gross income from qualified hedging transactions). 
 
 As a result, we may have to limit our use of certain hedging techniques or implement those hedges through TRSs. This could result in greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to incur or could increase the cost of our hedging activities. If we fail to comply with these limitations, we could lose our REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless our failure was due to reasonable cause, and not due to willful neglect, and we meet certain other technical requirements. Even if our failure were due to reasonable cause, we might incur a penalty tax. See also Risks Related to Our Business Any hedging transactions that we enter into may limit our gains or result in losses. 
 
 Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our stock nor gain from the sale of stock should generally constitute unrelated business taxable income to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: 
 
 part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our stock may be treated as unrelated business taxable income if shares of our stock are predominantly held by qualified employee pension trusts, and we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one of the REIT 
 53 

ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as unrelated business taxable income; 
 part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our stock would constitute unrelated business taxable income if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the stock; and 
 to the extent that we are (or a part of us, or a disregarded subsidiary of ours, is) a taxable mortgage pool, or if we hold residual interests in a real estate mortgage investment conduit REMIC ), a portion of the distributions paid to a tax exempt stockholder that is allocable to excess inclusion income may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. 
 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 
 We may enter into securitization or other financing transactions that result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, so long as we own 100 of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we would generally not be adversely affected by the characterization of a securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. Certain categories of stockholders, however, such as foreign stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to the taxable mortgage pool. In addition, to the extent that our stock is owned by tax exempt disqualified organizations, such as certain government-related entities and charitable remainder trusts that are not subject to tax on unrelated business income, we could incur a corporate level tax on a portion of our income from the taxable mortgage pool. In that case, we might reduce the amount of our distributions to any disqualified organization whose stock ownership gave rise to the tax. Moreover, we may be precluded from selling equity interests in these securitizations to outside investors, or selling any debt securities issued in connection with these securitizations that might be considered to be equity interests for tax purposes. These limitations may prevent us from using certain techniques to maximize our returns from securitization transactions. 
 
 Uncertainty exists with respect to the treatment of TBAs for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests, and the failure of TBAs to be qualifying assets or of income/gains from TBAs to be qualifying income could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We purchase and sell Agency RMBS through TBAs and recognize income or gains from the disposition of those TBAs, through dollar roll transactions or otherwise. In a dollar roll transaction, we exchange an existing TBA for another TBA with a different settlement date. There is no direct authority with respect to the qualification of TBAs as real estate assets or U.S. Government securities for purposes of the 75 asset test or the qualification of income or gains from dispositions of TBAs as gains from the sale of real property (including interests in real property and interests in mortgages on real property) or other qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test. For a particular taxable year, we would treat such TBAs as qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and income and gains from such TBAs as qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, to the extent set forth in an opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP substantially to the effect that (i) for purposes of the REIT asset tests, our ownership of a TBA should be treated as ownership of the underlying Agency RMBS, and (ii) for purposes of the 75 REIT gross income test, any gain recognized by us in connection with the settlement of such TBAs should be treated as gain from the sale or disposition of the underlying Agency RMBS. Opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS and no assurance can be given that the IRS would not successfully challenge the conclusions set forth in such opinions. In addition, it must be emphasized that any opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP would be based on various assumptions relating to any TBAs that we enter into and would be conditioned upon fact-based representations and covenants made by our management regarding such TBAs. No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert that such assets or income are not qualifying assets or income. If the IRS were to successfully challenge any conclusions of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP, we could be subject to a penalty tax or we could fail to qualify as a REIT if a sufficient portion of our assets consists of TBAs or a sufficient portion of our income consists of income or gains from the disposition of TBAs. 
 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions that would be treated as prohibited transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 Net income that we derive from a prohibited transaction is subject to a 100 tax. The term prohibited transaction generally includes a sale or other disposition of property (including mortgage loans, but other than foreclosure property, as discussed below) that is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to dispose of or securitize loans or Excess MSRs in a manner that was treated as a prohibited transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 54 

We intend to conduct our operations so that no asset that we own (or are treated as owning) will be treated as, or as having been, held-for-sale to customers, and that a sale of any such asset will not be treated as having been in the ordinary course of our business. As a result, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans or Excess MSRs at the REIT level, and may limit the structures we utilize for our securitization transactions, even though the sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. In addition, whether property is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances. No assurance can be given that any property that we sell will not be treated as property held-for-sale to customers, or that we can comply with certain safe-harbor provisions of the Internal Revenue Code that would prevent such treatment. The 100 prohibited transaction tax does not apply to gains from the sale of property that is held through a TRS or other taxable corporation, although such income will be subject to tax in the hands of the corporation at regular corporate rates. We intend to structure our activities to prevent prohibited transaction characterization. 
 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification or create additional tax liability for us. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding the composition of our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. 
 
 Changes to U.S. federal income tax laws could materially and adversely affect us and our stockholders. 
 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs and their shareholders may be modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our shares. The U.S. federal income tax rules, including those dealing with REITs, are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, which results in statutory changes as well as frequent revisions to regulations and interpretations. For example, the current Administration has indicated that it intends to modify key aspects of the Internal Revenue Code, including by increasing corporate and individual tax rates. We cannot predict the impact, if any, of these proposed changes to our business or an investment in our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Stock 
 
 There can be no assurance that the market for our stock will provide you with adequate liquidity. 
 
 Our common stock began trading on the NYSE in May 2013, and our preferred stock began trading on the NYSE in July 2019. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for our common and preferred stock will be sustained in the future, and the market price of our common and preferred stock may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: 
 
 a shift in our investor base; 
 our quarterly or annual earnings and cash flows, or those of other comparable companies; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions, dispositions or other transactions; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock; 
 changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 market performance of affiliates and other counterparties with whom we conduct business; 
 the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 
 our failure to qualify as a REIT, maintain our exemption under the 1940 Act or satisfy the NYSE listing requirements; 
 negative public perception of us, our competitors or industry; 
 overall market fluctuations; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 
 Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common and preferred stock. 
 
 Sales or issuances of shares of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Sales or issuances of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales or issuances might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The issuance of our common stock in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions or the exercise of outstanding options or otherwise could also have an adverse effect 
 55 

on the market price of our common stock. We have an effective registration statement on file to sell common stock or convertible securities in public offerings. 
 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future. 
 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future because of equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors, officers and employees who perform services for us, and to our directors, officers and employees, as well as other equity instruments such as debt and equity financing. We have adopted a Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the Plan ), which provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including restricted stock, options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, tandem awards and other equity-based and non-equity based awards, in each case to our directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisors who perform services for us. We reserved 15 million shares of our common stock for issuance under the Plan. The term of the Plan expires in 2023. On the first day of each fiscal year beginning during the term of the Plan, that number will be increased by a number of shares of our common stock equal to 10 of the number of shares of our common stock newly issued by us during the immediately preceding fiscal year. 
 
 We may incur or issue debt or issue equity, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We may in the future incur or issue debt or issue equity or equity-related securities. In the event of our liquidation, lenders and holders of our debt and holders of our preferred stock (if any) would receive a distribution of our available assets before common stockholders. Any future incurrence or issuance of debt would increase our interest cost and could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We are not required to offer any additional equity securities to existing common stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, additional issuances of common stock, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities, warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing common stockholders and such issuances, or the perception of such issuances, may reduce the market price of our common stock. Our preferred stock has, and any additional preferred stock issued by us would likely have, a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could eliminate or otherwise limit our ability to make distributions to common stockholders. Because our decision to incur or issue debt or issue equity or equity-related securities in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. Thus, common stockholders bear the risk that our future incurrence or issuance of debt or issuance of equity or equity-related securities will adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level for our common stock, and we cannot assure you of our ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 
 We intend to make quarterly distributions of our REIT taxable income to holders of our common stock out of assets legally available therefor. We have not established a minimum distribution payment level and our ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this report. Any distributions will be authorized by our board of directors and declared by us based upon a number of factors, including our actual and anticipated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, restrictions under Delaware law or applicable financing covenants, our REIT taxable income, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, our operating expenses and other factors our directors deem relevant. 
 
 Although we have other sources of liquidity, such as sales of and repayments from our investments, potential debt financing sources and the issuance of equity securities, there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash or achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions in the future. 
 
 Furthermore, while we are required to make distributions in order to maintain our REIT status (as described above under Risks Related to our Taxation as a REIT We may be unable to generate sufficient cash from operations to pay our operating expenses and to pay distributions to our stockholders ), we may elect not to maintain our REIT status, in which case we would no longer be required to make such distributions. Moreover, even if we do elect to maintain our REIT status, we may elect to comply with the applicable requirements by, after completing various procedural steps, distributing, under certain circumstances, a portion of the required amount in the form of shares of our common stock in lieu of cash. If we elect not to maintain our REIT status or to satisfy any required distributions in shares of common stock in lieu of cash, such action could negatively and materially affect our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition as well as the market price of our common stock. No assurance can be given that we will make any distributions on shares of our common stock in the future. 
 
 56 

We may in the future choose to make distributions in our own stock, in which case you could be required to pay income taxes in excess of any cash distributions you receive. 
 
 We may in the future make taxable distributions that are payable in cash and shares of our common stock at the election of each stockholder. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the distribution as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such distributions in excess of the cash distributions received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock that it receives as a distribution in order to pay this tax, the sale proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such distributions, including in respect of all or a portion of such distribution that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on distributions, it may put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The IRS has issued guidance authorizing elective cash/stock dividends to be made by public REITs where a cap of at least 20 is placed on the amount of cash that may be paid as part of the dividend, provided that certain requirements are met. It is unclear whether and to what extent we would be able to or choose to pay taxable distributions in cash and stock. In addition, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not impose additional requirements in the future with respect to taxable cash/stock distributions, including on a retroactive basis, or assert that the requirements for such taxable cash/stock distributions have not been met. 
 
 An increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell shares of our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If the market price of our common stock is based primarily on the earnings and return that we derive from our investments and income with respect to our investments and our related distributions to stockholders, and not from the market value of the investments themselves, then interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions will likely affect the market price of our common stock. For instance, if market interest rates rise without an increase in our distribution rate, the market price of our common stock could decrease, as potential investors may require a higher distribution yield on our common stock or seek other securities paying higher distributions or interest. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased interest expense on our outstanding variable rate and future variable and fixed rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions. 
 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 
 
 a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 provisions regarding the election of directors, classes of directors, the term of office of directors, the filling of director vacancies and the resignation and removal of directors for cause only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the then issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon; 
 provisions regarding corporate opportunity only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the then issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote thereon; 
 removal of directors only for cause and only with the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the then issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 our board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and rights of our preferred stock and to issue such preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
 advance notice requirements applicable to stockholders for director nominations and actions to be taken at annual meetings; 
 a prohibition, in our certificate of incorporation, stating that no holder of shares of our common stock will have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock can elect all the directors standing for election; and 
 a requirement in our bylaws specifically denying the ability of our stockholders to consent in writing to take any action in lieu of taking such action at a duly called annual or special meeting of our stockholders. 
 
 57 

Public stockholders who might desire to participate in these types of transactions may not have an opportunity to do so, even if the transaction is considered favorable to stockholders. These anti-takeover provisions could substantially impede the ability of public stockholders to benefit from a change in control or a change in our management and board of directors and, as a result, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and your ability to realize any potential change of control premium. 
 
 ERISA may restrict investments by plans in our common stock. 
 
 A plan fiduciary considering an investment in our common stock should consider, among other things, whether such an investment is consistent with the fiduciary obligations under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), including whether such investment might constitute or give rise to a prohibited transaction under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code or any substantially similar federal, state or local law and, if so, whether an exemption from such prohibited transaction rules is available. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 Unfavorable global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy, the global financial markets and the global political conditions. The U.S. and global economies are facing growing inflation, higher interest rates and potential recession. A weak or declining economy or political disruption, including any international trade disputes, could exacerbate supply chain constraints that could ultimately harm our business. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents and technology disruptions or failures could damage our business operations and reputation, increase our costs and subject us to potential liability. 
 
 As our reliance on rapidly changing technology has increased, so have the risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information systems, both internal and those provided to us by third-party service providers (including, but not limited to, our Servicing Partners). Cybersecurity incidents may involve gaining authorized or unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of theft of certain personally identifiable information of consumers, misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. Disruptions and failures of our systems or those of our third-party vendors could result from these incidents or be caused by fire, power outages, natural disasters and other similar events and may interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our customers, expose us to remedial costs and reputational damage, and otherwise adversely affect our operations. During the COVID-19 pandemic, a portion of our staff have worked remotely, which has caused us to rely heavily on virtual communication and may increase our exposure to cybersecurity risks. 
 
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, there can be no assurance that any such cyber incidents will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We also may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the methods and sources of breaches change frequently or may not be immediately detected. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations, and any changes to laws or regulations, including new restrictions or requirements applicable to our business, could impose additional costs and liability on us and could limit our use and disclosure of such information. For example, the New York State Department of Financial Services requires certain financial services companies, such as NRM and Newrez, to establish a detailed cybersecurity program and comply with other requirements, and the CCPA creates new compliance regulations on businesses that collect information from California residents. 
 
 Any of the foregoing events could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, additional regulatory scrutiny, significant litigation exposure and harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on counterparties and vendors to provide certain services, which subjects us to various risks. 
 
 We have a number of counterparties and vendors, who provide us with financial, technology and other services that support our businesses. If our current counterparties and vendors were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may be unable to procure alternative services from other counterparties or vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on similarly 
 58 

acceptable terms, or at all. With respect to vendors engaged to perform certain servicing activities, we are required to assess their compliance with various regulations and establish procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with such regulations. In the event that a vendor s activities are not in compliance, it could negatively impact our relationships with our regulators, as well as our business and operations. Accordingly, we may incur significant costs to resolve any such disruptions in service which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 We have engaged and may in the future engage in a number of acquisitions and we may be unable to successfully integrate the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in connection with such acquisitions. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisitions of what we believe are complementary assets. Identifying and achieving the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, without limitation, whether we are able to acquire the assets, within our parameters, integrate the acquired assets and manage the assumed liabilities efficiently. It is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in additional and unforeseen expenses, the disruption of our ongoing business, processes and systems, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. There may be increased risk due to integrating the assets into our financial reporting and internal control systems. Difficulties in adding the assets into our business could also result in the loss of contract counterparties or other persons with whom we conduct business and potential disputes or litigation with contract counterparties or other persons with whom we or such counterparties conduct business. We could also be adversely affected by any issues attributable to the related seller s operations that arise or are based on events or actions that occurred prior to the closing of such acquisitions. Completion of the integration process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the anticipated benefits will be realized in their entirety or at all or, if realized, the timing of their realization. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect our future business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Due to the costs of engaging in a number of acquisitions, we may also have difficulty completing more acquisitions in the future. 
 
 We are subject to significant competition, and we may not compete successfully. 
 
 We are subject to significant competition in seeking investments. We compete with other companies, including other REITs, insurance companies and other investors, including funds and companies affiliated with our Former Manager. Some of our competitors have greater resources than we possess or have greater access to capital or various types of financing structures than are available to us and we may not be able to compete successfully for investments or provide attractive investment returns relative to our competitors. These competitors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments and, as a result, our profit margins could be adversely affected. Furthermore, competition for investments that are suitable for us, including, but not limited to, interests in MSRs, may lead to decreased availability, higher market prices and decreased returns available from such investments, which may further limit our ability to generate our desired returns. We cannot assure you that other companies will not be formed that compete with us for investments or otherwise pursue investment strategies similar to ours or that we will be able to compete successfully against any such companies. 
 
 Our business could suffer if we fail to attract and retain management and other highly skilled personnel. 
 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified management and other personnel for all areas of the Company, in particular skilled managers, loan officers, underwriters, loan servicers, debt default specialists and other personnel specialized in finance, risk and compliance. Trained and experienced personnel are in high demand and may be in short supply in some areas. We may not be able to attract, develop and maintain an adequate skilled management and workforce necessary to operate our businesses and labor expenses may increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain such personnel, we may not be able to take advantage of acquisitions and other growth opportunities that may be presented to us and this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 59 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal executive and administrative offices are located in leased space at 799 Broadway, 8 th Fl., New York, New York 10003. Rithm Capital does not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are or may become, from time to time, involved in various disputes, litigation and regulatory inquiry and investigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. Given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings, it is possible that future adverse outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Rithm Capital is, from time to time, subject to inquiries by government entities. Rithm Capital currently does not believe any of these inquiries would result in a material adverse effect on Rithm Capital s business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 60 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 We have one class of common stock, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol RITM . As of February 10, 2023, there were 27 holders of record of our common stock. This figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership of shares held in nominee name. 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return for our common stock (stock price change plus reinvested dividends) with the comparable return of four indices: NAREIT All REIT, Russell 2000, NAREIT Mortgage REIT and S P 500. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in our common stock and in each of the indices on December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The past performance of our common stock is not an indication of future performance. 

Year Ended December 31, Index 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Rithm Capital Corp. 100.0 91.1 117.1 76.8 89.8 76.8 NAREIT All REIT 
 100.0 96.4 124.0 117.7 166.3 124.9 Russell 2000 
 100.0 88.1 110.6 132.6 152.3 121.1 NAREIT Mortgage REIT 
 100.0 98.4 119.4 97.1 112.3 82.7 S P 500 
 100.0 94.8 124.7 147.6 189.9 155.5 
 See Note 22 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding distributions on our common stock. We may declare quarterly distributions on our common stock. No assurance, however, can be given that any future distributions will be made or, if made, as to the amounts or timing of any future distributions as such distributions are subject to our earnings, financial condition, liquidity, capital requirements, REIT requirements and such other factors as our board of directors deems 
 61 

relevant. In addition, such distributions may be subject to the receipt of sufficient funds from our servicer subsidiaries, NRM and Newrez, which are subject to regulatory restrictions on their ability to pay distributions. 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan 
 
 On April 29, 2013, Rithm Capital s board of directors adopted the Plan, which was amended and restated as of November 4, 2014. The Plan is intended to facilitate the use of long-term equity-based awards and incentives for the benefit of the service providers to Rithm Capital and, prior to the Internalization, its Former Manager. All outstanding options granted under the Plan will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements evidencing such options and the terms of the Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance in the aggregate over the ten-year term of the Plan is 15,000,000 shares. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 For details regarding our share repurchase program, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Stockholders Equity Common Stock. 
 
 62 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, and with Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to allow readers to view our business from management s perspective by (i) providing material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amount and certainty of cash flows from operations and from outside sources, (ii) focusing the discussion on material events and uncertainties known to management that are reasonably likely to cause reported financial information not to be indicative of future operating results or future financial condition, including descriptions and amounts of matters that are reasonably likely, based on management s assessment, to have a material impact on future operations and (iii) discussing the financial statements and other statistical data management believes will enhance the reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 
 Rithm Capital is an investment manager that operates a vertically integrated mortgage platform and invests in real estate and related opportunities. We are structured as an internally managed REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We seek to generate long-term value for our investors by using our investment expertise to identify, manage and invest in real estate related assets, including operating companies, that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our investment strategy also involves opportunistically pursuing acquisitions and seeking to establish strategic partnerships that we believe enable us to maximize the value of our investments by offering products and services to customers, servicers and other parties through the lifecycle of transactions that affect each mortgage loan and underlying residential property or collateral. For more information about our investment guidelines, see Investment Guidelines. 
 
 Our portfolio is currently composed of mortgage servicing rights, mortgage origination and servicing companies (including ancillary mortgage services businesses), residential mortgage-backed securities, single-family rental properties, mortgage loans, consumer loans and other opportunistic investments. We conduct our business through the following segments: Origination, Servicing, MSR Related Investments, Residential Securities, Properties and Loans, Consumer Loans and Mortgage Loans Receivable. Within our portfolio, we target complementary assets that generate stable long-term cash flows and employ conservative capital structures in an effort to generate returns across different interest rate environments. Our investment approach and capital allocation decisions combine a focus on asset selection, relative value, and risk management, taking into consideration available financing, and other relevant macroeconomic factors. In our efforts to identify and invest in target assets, we compete with banks, other REITs, non-bank mortgage lenders and servicers, private equity firms, alternative assets managers, hedge funds and other large financial services companies. In the face of this competition, the experience of members of our management team and dedicated investment professionals provide us with a competitive advantage when pursuing attractive investment opportunities. 
 
 Our investments in operating entities include our mortgage origination and servicing subsidiaries, Newrez and Caliber, and special servicing divisions, as well as investments in related businesses. Our residential mortgage origination business sources and originates loans through four distinct channels: Direct to Consumer, Retail, Wholesale and Correspondent. Our servicing platforms offer our subsidiaries and third-party clients performing and special servicing capabilities. Within our operating entities, we also have a title company called Avenue 365 and an appraisal company called eStreet. We also have investments in Guardian and non-controlling interest in, and partnerships with, Covius and other entities that provide services that support the mortgage and housing industries. Lastly, in 2021, we acquired Genesis, a provider of mortgage loans to developers of new construction, renovation and rental to hold projects. Our acquisition of Genesis has bolstered and complemented our existing business strategy. 
 
 We seek to protect book value and the value of our assets by actively managing and hedging our portfolio. Diversification of our overall portfolio, including our portfolio assets and operating entities, and a variety of hedging strategies help contribute to 
 63 

book value stability. Both our portfolio composition (inclusive of long and short duration instruments and various operating businesses) and specific hedging instruments (including Agency MBS TBAs, interest rate swaps and others) are employed to mitigate book value volatility. We believe that the actions we have taken over the past number of years to diversify and grow our portfolio have allowed us to operate efficiently and perform dynamically across economic conditions. 
 
 We also seek to protect our assets and reduce the impact of prepayments on our MSRs and Excess MSR investments through own recapture efforts and agreements with our subservicers. Under our agreements with subservicers, Rithm Capital is generally entitled to the MSRs or a pro rata interest in the Excess MSRs on any initial or subsequent refinancing of loans relating to MSRs and Excess MSRs subserviced or serviced by PHH, LoanCare, Flagstar, Mr. Cooper, Valon, or SLS. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 32.5 billion in total assets and 5,763 employees, including those individuals employed by our operating entities. 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Rithm Capital became a publicly-traded entity on May 15, 2013. 

INTERNALIZATION OF MANAGEMENT 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we entered into definitive agreements with the Former Manager to internalize our management function. As part of the termination of the existing Management Agreement, we agreed to pay 400.0 million (subject to certain adjustments) to the Former Manager. Following the Internalization, we no longer pay a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. 
 
 In connection with the termination of the Management Agreement, we entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Former Manager (the Transition Services Agreement in order to facilitate the transition of management functions and operations through the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which no remaining service is to be provided under the Transition Services Agreement or (ii) December 31, 2022. Under the Transition Services Agreement, the Former Manager provided (or caused to be provided), at cost, all of the services it was previously providing to us immediately prior to the Effective Date Transition Services ). The Former Manager ceased providing Transition Services as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the Transition Services Agreement. The Transition Services primarily included information technology, legal, regulatory compliance, tax and accounting services. The Transition Services were provided for a fee intended to be equal to the Former Manager s cost of providing the Transition Services, including the allocated cost of, among other things, overhead, employee wages and compensation and actually incurred out-of-pocket expenses and were invoiced on a monthly basis. We incurred 4.9 million in costs for Transition Services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and these costs are reported in General and Administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

BOOK VALUE PER COMMON SHARE 
 
 The following table summarizes the calculation of book value per common share: 
 
 in thousands except per share amounts December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total equity 7,010,068 7,061,626 7,062,998 7,184,712 6,669,380 Less: Preferred Stock Series A, B, C and D 1,257,254 1,258,667 1,258,667 1,258,667 1,262,481 Less: Noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiaries 67,067 71,055 69,171 62,078 65,348 Total equity attributable to common stock 5,685,747 5,731,904 5,735,160 5,863,967 5,341,551 Common stock outstanding 473,715,100 473,715,100 466,856,753 466,786,526 466,758,266 Book value per common share 12.00 12.10 12.28 12.56 11.44 
 
 Refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for interest rate risk and its impact on fair value. 

MARKET CONSIDERATIONS 
 
 Summary 
 
 64 

Economic data and indicators regarding the overall financial health and condition of the U.S. for 2022 were mixed. On one hand, the U.S. economy showed resilience in the face of persistent COVID-19 pandemic-related economic headwinds bolstered by the combination of a strong rebound in real gross domestic product GDP in the second half of 2022 and tight labor markets, with the unemployment rate returning to the pre-COVID-19 pandemic and half-century low. In addition, widespread vaccination and less lethal strains of COVID-19 led to lower fatality rates, allowing the U.S. to move back toward normal economic activity. However, ongoing supply chain disruptions, the lingering effect of fiscal stimulus and the war in Ukraine caused inflation to surge to its highest level in 40 years. In response, the Federal Reserve tightened rates, triggering sharp selloffs in both fixed income and equity markets. With respect to the housing market, market corrections continued to accelerate in the second half of 2022 due to depressed demand from rapidly rising mortgage rates and elevated home prices. 
 
 Looking beyond 2022, while supply-chain disruptions have been easing, wage growth is beginning to slow. In addition, the U.S. and global economic growth continues to be threatened by the ongoing war in Ukraine, financial uncertainty in several major international economies, and renewed supply-chain disruptions due to resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in parts of Asia, all of which may lead to subpar growth or even a modest recession in 2023. 
 
 Labor Markets 
 
 The recovery of the U.S. labor market from the depths of the COVID-19 pandemic has been historic. In a little more than two years, the economy has recovered all jobs lost during the 2021 recession, and the unemployment rate remains near 50-year lows as of December 31, 2022, the unemployment rate was 3.5 . Although the gap between labor supply and demand remains significant, there have been some signs of easing with the labor force participation rate trending higher and labor demand starting to soften toward the end of 2022. Even so, the demand for labor currently hovers near record highs. 
 
 Prices 
 
 In nearly every advanced economy, including in the U.S., inflation throughout 2022 rose to a level higher than historic averages, putting pressure on individuals, businesses and the stability of economies. Inflation has been primarily driven by supply being insufficient to meet demand and largely attributable to the aftereffects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the ongoing supply chain issues which have created bottlenecks for specific goods. Additionally, the war in Ukraine has added ongoing upward pressure on energy and food costs. 
 
 Housing Market 
 
 Starting in the second quarter of 2022, the correction observed in housing markets became more pronounced throughout the remainder of the year as rising mortgage rates and elevated house prices significantly curtailed demand. Since the start of 2022, existing and new home sales have trended lower; existing home sales which account for substantially all home sales declined 17 year over year. Given falling sales, inventories of homes available for sale have risen from all-time lows. 
 
 Measured with a lag, house prices remain elevated after accelerating sharply over the past two years. Nonetheless, house prices have slowed during 2022 as demand has declined. The Case-Shiller national house price index which measures sales prices of existing homes was up 7.7 over the year ended in November 2022, slowing markedly from the 18.9 advance of the year through November 2021. Similarly, the FHFA house price index was up 8.2 over the year ended in November 2022, down from 17.0 pace during the previous year through November 2021. Meanwhile, new construction starts and permits for future starts weakened further in 2022. Single-family housing starts dropped 21.8 year over year. Single-family permits also were down, decreasing 29.9 compared to 2021. 
 
 The National Association of Home Builders housing market index dropped to 31 in December 2022 on a preliminary basis, less than half the level of 84 at the end of 2021, suggesting that home builder sentiment has deteriorated sharply in the wake of higher mortgage rates and rising materials costs. 
 
 As of January 2023, the MBA estimated total U.S. origination volume for 2022 was 2.2 trillion, down from an estimated 4.4 trillion, or 49 , in 2021. Furthermore, 30 of 2022 activity was related to refinance volume, a decline from 58 in 2021. Looking forward, the MBA forecasts origination volumes to decline in 2023 to 1.9 trillion before increasing to 2.3 trillion in 2024. Furthermore, refinance activity for 2023 and 2024 is forecasted to be 24 and 28 , respectively. With respect to the purchase market, despite rising mortgage rates leading to a drop in refinances, the economy is expected to continue supporting an increase in home sales in 2023 largely driven by continued shortages of construction materials, buildable lots and other inputs. The MBA views 2023 as predominantly a purchase market. 
 
 65 

The market conditions discussed above influence our investment strategy and results, many of which have been impacted since mid-March 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the other events such as the war in Ukraine beginning in February of 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes the annualized GDP growth rate: 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Real GDP 2.9 (A) 
 3.2 (0.6) (1.6) 6.9 
 (A) Annualized rate based on the advance estimate. 
 
 The following table summarizes the U.S. unemployment rate according to the U.S. Department of Labor: 
 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unemployment rate 3.5 3.5 3.6 3.6 3.9 
 
 The following table summarizes the 10-year Treasury rate and the 30-year fixed mortgage rates: 
 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 10-year U.S. Treasury rate 3.9 3.8 3.0 2.3 1.5 30-year fixed mortgage rate 6.4 6.7 5.7 4.7 3.1 
 
 Since May 2022, in response to the inflationary pressures, the Federal Reserve has rapidly raised interest rates and indicated it anticipates further interest rate increases. Rising interest rates would result in increased interest expense on our outstanding variable rate and future variable and fixed rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions. In addition, in the event of a significant rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, loan and collateral defaults may increase and result in credit losses that would adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. Additionally, higher interest rates on dividends paid on certain of our preferred stock that reset to floating rates would adversely affect our cash flows. 
 
 We believe the estimates and assumptions underlying our consolidated financial statements are reasonable and supportable based on the information available as of December 31, 2022; however, uncertainty related to market volatility and inflationary pressures, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the geopolitical risks associated with the war in Ukraine will have on the global economy generally, and our business in particular, makes any estimates and assumptions as of December 31, 2022 inherently less certain than they would be absent the current economic environment, potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing war in Ukraine. Actual results may materially differ from those estimates. Market volatility and inflationary pressures, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the war in Ukraine and their impact on the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to pay distributions. 

CHANGES TO LIBOR 
 
 LIBOR is used extensively in the U.S. and globally as a benchmark or reference rate for various commercial and financial contracts, including corporate and municipal bonds and loans, floating rate mortgages, asset-backed securities, consumer loans, and interest rate swaps and other derivatives. It had been expected that a number of private-sector banks currently reporting information used to set LIBOR would stop doing so after 2021 when their current reporting commitment ends, which would either cause LIBOR to stop publication immediately or cause LIBOR s regulator to determine that its quality has degraded to the degree that it is no longer representative of its underlying market. On March 5, 2021, Intercontinental Exchange Inc. ICE announced that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of LIBOR, intends to stop publication of the majority of USD-LIBOR tenors (overnight, 1-, 3-, 6-, and 12-month) on June 30, 2023. On January 1, 2022, ICE discontinued the publication of the 1-week and 2-month tenors of USD-LIBOR. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC has identified the SOFR as its preferred alternative rate for U.S. dollar-based LIBOR. SOFR is a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities, and is based on directly observable U.S. Treasury-backed repurchase transactions. However, some market participants are still evaluating what convention of SOFR will be adopted for various types of financial instruments and securitization vehicles. For example, the mortgage and derivatives markets have adopted the daily compounded and paid in arrears SOFR convention. In contrast, GSEs, such as Fannie Mae and 
 66 

Freddie Mac, have begun issuing adjustable rate mortgages and mortgage-backed securities indexed to the 30-, 90-, and 180-day Average SOFR rates published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as well as term SOFR rates in the future. 
 
 We have material contracts that are indexed to USD-LIBOR and are monitoring this activity, evaluating the related risks and our exposure, and adding alternative language to contracts, where necessary. Certain contracts, such as interest rate swaps, have an orderly market transition already in process. However, it is not possible to predict the effect of any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the manner of administration of LIBOR could result in adverse consequences to the rate of interest payable and receivable on, market value of and market liquidity for LIBOR-based financial instruments. We do not currently intend to amend our 7.50 Series A-, 7.125 Series B-, 6.375 Series C- Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the existing USD-LIBOR cessation fallback language. 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued accounting guidance that provides optional expedients and exceptions to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions impacted by LIBOR transition if certain criteria are met. The guidance can be applied as of January 1, 2020. In preparation for the phase-out of LIBOR, the Company has adopted and implemented the SOFR index for its Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae adjustable-rate mortgages. For debt facilities that do not mature prior to the phase-out of LIBOR, the Company adopted the allowable contract modification relief optional expedient and has begun amending terms to transition to an alternative benchmark. During the year ended December 31, 2022, new and renewed facilities began adopting the SOFR index, while other facilities early adopted and transitioned to the SOFR index. 

OUR PORTFOLIO 
 
 Our portfolio, as of December 31, 2022, is composed of servicing and origination, including our subsidiary operating entities, residential securities and loans and other investments, as described in more detail below (dollars in thousands). 
 Origination and Servicing Residential Securities, Properties and Loans Origination Servicing MSR Related Investments Total Origination and Servicing Real Estate Securities Properties and Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Mortgage Loans Receivable Corporate Total December 31, 2022 Investments 2,066,798 7,304,637 2,091,507 11,462,942 8,289,277 2,248,591 363,756 2,064,028 24,428,594 Cash and cash equivalents 163,452 440,739 276,690 880,881 381,456 361 605 52,441 20,764 1,336,508 Restricted cash 24,316 136,933 69,347 230,596 4,604 4,627 15,930 25,369 281,126 Other assets 224,705 2,204,127 3,000,911 5,429,743 248,283 324,119 29,375 170,129 146,260 6,347,909 Goodwill 11,836 12,540 5,092 29,468 55,731 85,199 Total assets 2,491,107 10,098,976 5,443,547 18,033,630 8,923,620 2,577,698 409,666 2,367,698 167,024 32,479,336 Debt 1,909,030 4,751,454 3,272,945 9,933,429 7,430,463 1,937,395 299,498 1,733,579 567,371 21,901,735 Other liabilities 214,148 2,081,536 35,052 2,330,736 776,785 272,484 1,176 25,818 160,534 3,567,533 Total liabilities 2,123,178 6,832,990 3,307,997 12,264,165 8,207,248 2,209,879 300,674 1,759,397 727,905 25,469,268 Total equity 367,929 3,265,986 2,135,550 5,769,465 716,372 367,819 108,992 608,301 (560,881) 7,010,068 Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated subsidiaries 12,437 12,193 24,630 42,437 67,067 Total Rithm Capital stockholders equity 355,492 3,265,986 2,123,357 5,744,835 716,372 367,819 66,555 608,301 (560,881) 6,943,001 Investments in equity method investees 72,437 72,437 72,437 
 
 Operating Investments 
 
 Origination 
 
 Our origination business operates within our Mortgage Company. We have a multi-channel lending platform, offering purchase and refinance loan products. We originate loans through our Retail channel, provide refinance opportunities to eligible existing servicing customers through our Direct to Consumer channel, and purchase originated loans through our Wholesale and Correspondent channels. We originate or purchase residential mortgage loans conforming to the underwriting standards of the Agencies, government-insured residential mortgage loans which are insured by the FHA, VA and USDA, and Non-Agency and non-QM loans, through our SMART Loan Series. Our non-QM loan products provide a variety of options for highly qualified borrowers who fall outside the specific requirements of Agency residential mortgage loans. 
 
 We generate revenue through sales of residential mortgage loans, including, but not limited to, gain on residential loans originated and sold and the value of MSRs retained on transfer of the loans. Profit margins per loan vary by channel, with 
 67 

correspondent typically being the lowest and DTC being the highest. We sell conforming loans to the GSEs and securitize Non-QM residential loans. We utilize warehouse financing to fund loans at origination through the sale date. 
 
 For the full year ended December 31, 2022, funded loan origination volume was 67.6 billion, down from 123.3 billion in the year prior, primarily attributable to a higher interest rate environment that drove decreases in origination volumes across all channels. Additionally, 70 of all funded production during 2022 was purchase origination, up from 42 for the prior year. Lastly, for the full year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 58.0 of funded production was Agency, 37.0 was Government, 1.0 was Non-QM and 3.0 was Non-Agency residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Gain on sale margins for the full year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.70 , 19 bps higher than 1.51 for the same period in 2021. During 2022, gain on sale margins continued to level off to more normal levels largely driven by weakening demand for loans amid excess industry capacity due to an escalating interest rate environment weighing on the residential real estate market. 
 
 Included in our Origination segment are the financial results of two services businesses, eStreet and Avenue 365. EStreet offers appraisal valuation services and Avenue 365 provides title insurance and settlement services to our Mortgage Company and third parties. 
 
 68 

The tables below provide selected operating statistics for our Origination segment: 
 Unpaid Principal Balance for the Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2022 of Total 2021 of Total Amount Production by Channel Direct to Consumer 8,263 12 25,182 20 (16,919) (67) Retail 19,037 28 16,781 14 2,256 13 Wholesale 11,000 16 16,189 13 (5,189) (32) Correspondent 29,308 44 65,137 53 (35,829) (55) Total Production by Channel 67,608 100 123,289 100 (55,681) (45) Production by Product Agency 38,937 58 88,272 72 (49,335) (56) Government 24,810 37 32,380 26 (7,570) (23) Non-QM 1,356 1 603 1 753 125 Non-Agency 1,902 3 1,690 1 212 13 Other 603 1 344 259 75 Total Production by Product 67,608 100 123,289 100 (55,681) (45) Purchase 70 42 Refinance 30 58 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net (A)(B)(C)(D) 
 1,039,939 1,704,363 (664,424) (39.0) Pull through adjusted lock volume 61,138,009 112,644,932 (51,506,923) (45.7) Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, as a percentage of pull through adjusted lock volume, by channel: Direct to Consumer 3.70 3.97 Retail 3.29 3.66 Wholesale 1.09 1.09 Correspondent 0.31 0.28 Total gain on originated residential mortgage loans, as a percentage of pull through adjusted lock volume 1.70 1.51 
 (A) Includes realized gains on loan sales and related new MSR capitalization, changes in repurchase reserves, changes in fair value of IRLCs, changes in fair value of loans held for sale and economic hedging gains and losses. 
 (B) Includes loan origination fees of 0.6 billion and 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 (C) Excludes 46.3 million and 122.5 million of Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the MSR Related Investments, Servicing, and Residential Securities and Mortgage Loans segments, as well as intercompany eliminations (Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 (D) Excludes mortgage servicing rights revenue on recaptured loan volume delivered back to NRM. 
 
 Servicing 
 
 Our servicing business operates through our SMS performing and special servicing divisions. The performing loan servicing division services performing Agency and government-insured loans. SMS services delinquent government-insured, Agency and Non-Agency loans on behalf of the owners of the underlying mortgage loans. We are highly experienced in loan servicing, including loan modifications, and seek to help borrowers avoid foreclosure. As of December 31, 2022, the performing loan 
 69 

servicing division serviced 393.3 billion UPB of loans and the special servicing division serviced 110.3 billion UPB of loans, for a total servicing portfolio of 503.6 billion UPB, representing a 4.3 increase from December 31, 2021. 
 
 The table below provides the mix of our serviced assets portfolio between subserviced performing servicing on behalf of Rithm Capital or its subsidiaries (labeled as Performing Servicing and subserviced non-performing, or special servicing (labeled as Special Servicing for third parties and delinquent loans subserviced for other Rithm Capital subsidiaries for the periods presented. 
 Unpaid Principal Balance as of December 31, Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2022 2021 Amount Performing Servicing MSR Assets 391,284 376,218 15,066 4.0 Residential Whole Loans 1,932 7,539 (5,607) (74.4) Third Party 83 509 (426) (83.7) Total Performing Servicing 393,299 384,266 9,033 2.4 Special Servicing MSR Assets 10,613 13,634 (3,021) (22.2) Residential Whole Loans 6,698 6,558 140 2.1 Third Party 92,953 78,305 14,648 18.7 Total Special Servicing 110,264 98,497 11,767 11.9 Total Servicing Portfolio 503,563 482,763 20,800 4.3 Agency Servicing MSR Assets 276,555 272,919 3,636 1.3 Third Party 9,286 11,027 (1,741) (15.8) Total Agency Servicing 285,841 283,946 1,895 0.7 Government Servicing MSR Assets 120,733 109,577 11,156 10.2 Total Government Servicing 120,733 109,577 11,156 10.2 Non-Agency (Private Label) Servicing MSR Assets 4,609 7,356 (2,747) (37.3) Residential Whole Loans 8,630 14,097 (5,467) (38.8) Third Party 83,750 67,787 15,963 23.5 Total Non-Agency (Private Label) Servicing 96,989 89,240 7,749 8.7 Total Servicing Portfolio 503,563 482,763 20,800 4.3 
 
 The table below summarizes base servicing fees and other fees for the periods presented: 
 70 

Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount Base Servicing Fees MSR Assets 1,187,130 731,924 455,206 62.2 Residential Whole Loans 11,354 16,448 (5,094) (31.0) Third Party 92,589 103,617 (11,028) (10.6) Total Base Servicing Fees 1,291,073 851,989 439,084 51.5 Other Fees Incentive 63,213 85,789 (22,576) (26.3) Ancillary 53,019 49,900 3,119 6.3 Boarding 6,301 9,720 (3,419) (35.2) Other 18,341 28,490 (10,149) (35.6) Total Other Fees (A) 
 140,874 173,899 (33,025) (19.0) Total Servicing Fees 1,431,947 1,025,888 406,059 39.6 
 (A) Includes other fees earned from third parties of 39.5 million and 54.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 MSR Related Investments 
 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 
 
 Our MSR related investments include MSRs, MSR finance receivables and Excess MSRs. An MSR provides a mortgage servicer with the right to service a pool of residential mortgage loans in exchange for a portion of the interest payments made on the underlying residential mortgage loans, plus ancillary income and custodial interest. An MSR is made up of two components: a basic fee and an excess MSR. The basic fee is the amount of compensation for the performance of servicing duties (including advance obligations), and the Excess MSR is the amount that exceeds the basic fee. 
 
 We finance our investments in MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables with short- and medium-term bank and public capital markets notes. These borrowings are primarily recourse debt and bear both fixed and variable interest rates offered by the counterparty for the term of the notes of a specified margin over LIBOR or SOFR. The capital markets notes are typically issued with a collateral coverage percentage, which is a quotient expressed as a percentage equal to the aggregate note amount divided by the market value of the underlying collateral. The market value of the underlying collateral is generally updated on a quarterly basis and if the collateral coverage percentage becomes greater than or equal to a collateral trigger, generally 90 , we may be required to add funds, pay down principal on the notes, or add additional collateral to bring the collateral coverage percentage below 90 . The difference between the collateral coverage percentage and the collateral trigger is referred to as a margin holiday. 
 
 See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables. 
 
 We have contracted with certain subservicers to perform the related servicing duties on the residential mortgage loans underlying our MSRs. As of December 31, 2022, these subservicers include PHH, Mr. Cooper, LoanCare, Valon and Flagstar, which subservice 9.2 , 8.0 , 6.0 , 2.0 and 0.3 of the underlying UPB of the related mortgages, respectively (includes both MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables). The remaining 74.5 of the underlying UPB of the related mortgages is serviced by our Mortgage Company. 
 
 We are generally obligated to fund all future servicer advances related to the underlying pools of mortgages on our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, as well as Servicer Advance Investments. Generally, we will advance funds when the borrower fails to meet contractual payments (e.g., principal, interest, property taxes, insurance). We will also advance funds to maintain and report foreclosed real estate properties on behalf of investors. Advances are recovered through claims to the related investor and subservicers. Per the servicing agreements, we are obligated to make certain advances on mortgages to be in compliance with applicable requirements. In certain instances, the subservicer is required to reimburse us for any advances that were deemed nonrecoverable or advances that were not made in accordance with the related servicing contract. 
 71 

We finance our servicer advances with short- and medium-term collateralized borrowings. These borrowings are non-recourse committed facilities that are not subject to margin calls and bear both fixed and variable interest rates offered by the counterparty for the term of the notes, generally less than one year, of a specified margin over LIBOR or SOFR. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our servicer advances. 
 
 The table below summarizes our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables as of December 31, 2022. 
 (dollars in millions) Current UPB Weighted Average MSR (bps) Carrying Value Agency 364,879.1 30 6,022.3 Non-Agency 53,881.9 46 794.4 Ginnie Mae 121,136.3 41 2,072.7 Total 539,897.3 34 8,889.4 
 
 The following tables summarize the collateral characteristics of the loans underlying our investments in MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Collateral Characteristics Current Carrying Amount Current Principal Balance Number of Loans WA FICO Score (A) 
 WA Coupon WA Maturity (months) Average Loan Age (months) Adjustable Rate Mortgage (B) 
 Three Month Average CPR (C) 
 Three Month Average CRR (D) 
 Three Month Average CDR (E) 
 Three Month Average Recapture Rate Agency 6,022,266 364,879,106 1,957,959 755 3.7 279 52 1.4 5.3 5.2 4.2 Non-Agency 794,459 53,881,903 484,870 635 4.3 289 200 10.0 6.6 4.7 1.9 2.9 Ginnie Mae 2,072,678 121,136,315 520,997 694 3.4 329 28 0.6 4.6 4.5 5.3 Total 8,889,403 539,897,324 2,963,826 729 3.7 291 61 2.1 5.2 5.0 0.2 4.3 
 Collateral Characteristics Delinquency Loans in Foreclosure Real Estate Owned Loans in Bankruptcy 90+ Days (F) 
 Agency 0.5 0.2 0.1 Non-Agency 5.0 6.1 0.8 2.5 Ginnie Mae 2.1 0.5 0.5 Weighted Average 1.3 0.9 0.1 0.4 
 (A) Based on the weighted average of information provided by the loan servicer on a monthly basis. The loan servicer generally updates the FICO score when loans are refinanced or become delinquent. 
 (B) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to adjustable rate mortgages. 
 (C) Represents the annualized rate of the prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (D) Represents the annualized rate of the voluntary prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (E) Represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (F) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to loans that are delinquent by 90 or more days. 
 
 Excess MSRs 
 
 The tables below summarize the terms of our Excess MSRs: 
 MSR Component (A) 
 Excess MSR Direct Excess MSRs Current UPB (billions) Weighted Average MSR (bps) Weighted Average Excess MSR (bps) Interest in Excess MSR ) Carrying Value (millions) Total/Weighted Average 48.2 32 18 32.5 100 
 249.4 
 (A) The MSR is a weighted average as of December 31, 2022, and the Excess MSR represents the difference between the weighted average MSR and the basic fee (which fee remains constant). 
 72 

(B) Serviced by Mr. Cooper and SLS, we also invested in related Servicer Advance Investments, including the basic fee component of the related MSR (Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements) on 17.0 billion UPB underlying these Excess MSRs. 
 
 MSR Component (A) 
 Excess MSRs Through Equity Method Investees Current UPB (billions) Weighted Average MSR (bps) Weighted Average Excess MSR (bps) Rithm Capital Interest in Investee ) Investee Interest in Excess MSR ) Rithm Capital Effective Ownership ) Investee Carrying Value (millions) Agency 19.3 33 21 50.0 66.7 33.3 135.4 
 (A) The MSR is a weighted average as of December 31, 2022, and the Excess MSR represents the difference between the weighted average MSR and the basic fee (which fee remains constant). 
 
 The following tables summarize the collateral characteristics of the loans underlying our direct Excess MSR investments as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Collateral Characteristics Current Carrying Amount Current Principal Balance Number of Loans WA FICO Score (A) 
 WA Coupon WA Maturity (months) Average Loan Age (months) Three Month Average CPR (C) 
 Three Month Average CRR (D) 
 Three Month Average CDR (E) 
 Three Month Average Recapture Rate Total/Weighted Average (I) 
 249,366 48,154.644 326,497 711 4.4 247 156 7.1 6.5 0.7 13.0 
 Collateral Characteristics Delinquency Loans in Foreclosure Real Estate Owned Loans in Bankruptcy 90+ Days (F) 
 Total/Weighted Average (G) 
 1.8 2.8 0.7 0.3 
 (A) Based on the weighted average of information provided by the loan servicer on a monthly basis. The loan servicer generally updates the FICO score when loans are refinanced or become delinquent. 
 (B) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to adjustable rate mortgages. 
 (C) Constant prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (D) Voluntary prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the voluntary prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (E) Involuntary prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (F) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to loans that are delinquent by 90 or more days. 
 (G) Weighted averages exclude collateral information for which collateral data was not available as of the report date. 
 
 The following tables summarize the collateral characteristics as of December 31, 2022 of the loans underlying Excess MSR investments made through joint ventures accounted for as equity method investees (dollars in thousands). For each of these pools, we own a 50 interest in an entity that invested in a 66.7 interest in the Excess MSRs. 
 Collateral Characteristics Current Carrying Amount Current Principal Balance Rithm Capital Effective Ownership ) Number of Loans WA FICO Score (A) 
 WA Coupon WA Maturity (months) Average Loan Age (months) Three Month Average CPR (C) 
 Three Month Average CRR (D) 
 Three Month Average CDR (E) 
 Three Month Average Recapture Rate Total/Weighted Average 135,356 19,299,726 33.3 188,183 722 4.5 229 116 7.7 7.6 0.1 21.0 
 Collateral Characteristics Delinquency Loans in Foreclosure Real Estate Owned Loans in Bankruptcy 90+ Days (F) 
 Agency (G) 
 1.2 0.5 0.1 0.1 
 (A) Based on the weighted average of information provided by the loan servicer on a monthly basis. The loan servicer generally updates the FICO score on a monthly basis. 
 (B) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to adjustable rate mortgages. 
 (C) Constant prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 73 

(D) Voluntary prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the voluntary prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (E) Involuntary prepayment rate represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) during the quarter as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (F) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to loans that are delinquent by 90 or more days. 
 (G) Weighted averages exclude collateral information for which collateral data was not available as of the report date. 
 
 Servicer Advance Investments 
 
 Servicer advances are a customary feature of residential mortgage securitization transactions and represent one of the duties for which a servicer is compensated since the advances are non-interest bearing. Servicer advances are generally reimbursable payments made by a servicer (i) when the borrower fails to make scheduled payments due on a residential mortgage loan or (ii) to support the value of the collateral property. Servicer Advance Investments are associated with specified pools of residential mortgage loans in which we have contractually assumed the servicing advance obligation and include the related outstanding servicer advances, the requirement to purchase future servicer advances and the rights to the basic fee component of the related MSR. We have purchased Servicer Advance Investments on certain loan pools underlying our Excess MSRs. 
 
 The following tables summarize our Servicer Advance Investments, including the right to the basic fee component of the related MSRs (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Basis Carrying Value (A) 
 UPB of Underlying Residential Mortgage Loans Outstanding Servicer Advances Servicer Advances to UPB of Underlying Residential Mortgage Loans Mr. Cooper and SLS serviced pools 392,749 398,820 17,033,753 341,628 2.0 
 (A) Carrying value represents the fair value of the Servicer Advance Investments, including the basic fee component of the related MSRs. 
 
 The following summarizes additional information regarding our Servicer Advance Investments, and related financing, as of and for the year ended, December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate Weighted Average Life (Years) (C) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Face Amount of Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Loan-to-Value LTV (A) 
 Cost of Funds (B) 
 Change in Fair Value Gross Net (D) 
 Gross Net Servicer Advance Investments (E) 
 5.7 8.4 (9,950) 319,276 90.2 88.3 6.5 5.9 
 (A) Based on outstanding servicer advances, excluding purchased but unsettled servicer advances. 
 (B) Annualized measure of the cost associated with borrowings. Gross Cost of Funds primarily includes interest expense and facility fees. Net Cost of Funds excludes facility fees. 
 (C) Represents the weighted average expected timing of the receipt of expected net cash flows for this investment. 
 (D) Ratio of face amount of borrowings to par amount of servicer advance collateral, net of any general reserve. 
 (E) The following types of advances are included in Servicer Advance Investments: 
 December 31, 2022 Principal and interest advances 66,892 Escrow advances (taxes and insurance advances) 155,438 Foreclosure advances 119,298 Total 341,628 
 
 MSR Related Services Businesses 
 
 Our MSR related investments segment also includes the activity from several wholly-owned subsidiaries or minority investments in companies that perform various services in the mortgage and real estate industries. Our subsidiary Guardian is a national provider of field services and property management services. We also made a strategic minority investment in Covius, a provider of various technology-enabled services to the mortgage and real estate industries. As of December 31, 2022, our ownership interest in Covius is 18.1 . 
 
 74 

Residential Securities and Loans 
 
 Real Estate Securities 
 
 Agency RMBS 
 
 The following table summarizes our Agency RMBS portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Gross Unrealized Asset Type Outstanding Face Amount Amortized Cost Basis Percentage of Total Amortized Cost Basis Gains Losses Carrying 
 Value (A) 
 Count Weighted Average Life (Years) 3-Month CPR (B) 
 Outstanding Repurchase Agreements Agency RMBS 7,463,522 7,290,473 100.0 91,770 (43,826) 7,338,417 36 8.6 1.3 6,821,788 
 (A) Carrying value equals fair value. 
 (B) Represents the annualized rate of the prepayments during the quarter as a percentage of the total amortized cost basis. 
 
 The following table summarizes the net interest spread of our Agency RMBS portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Net Interest Spread (A) 
 Weighted Average Asset Yield 4.98 Weighted Average Funding Cost 4.14 Net Interest Spread 0.84 
 (A) The Agency RMBS portfolio consists of 100.0 fixed rate securities (based on amortized cost basis). See table above for details on rate resets of the floating rate securities. 
 
 We largely employ our Agency RMBS position as a hedge to our MSR portfolio. Our Agency RMBS portfolio was 7.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 8.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. We finance our Agency RMBS with short-term borrowings under master repurchase agreements. These borrowings generally bear interest rates offered by the counterparty for the term of the proposed repurchase transaction (e.g., 30 days, 60 days, etc.) of a specified margin over one-month LIBOR. The repurchase agreements represent uncommitted financing. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged Agency RMBS with a carrying value of approximately 7.1 billion and 8.4 billion, respectively, as collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements. To the extent available on desirable terms, we expect to continue to finance our acquisitions of Agency RMBS with repurchase agreement financing. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our Agency RMBS. 
 
 Non-Agency RMBS 
 
 Within our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio, we retain and own risk retention bonds from our securitizations in conjunction with risk retention regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act. As of December 31, 2022, 57.4 of our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio was related to bonds retained pursuant to required risk retention regulations. 
 
 The following table summarizes our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Asset Type Outstanding Face Amount Amortized Cost Basis Gross Unrealized Carrying 
 Value (A) 
 Outstanding Repurchase Agreements Gains Losses Non-Agency RMBS 17,907,412 947,346 128,567 (125,053) 950,860 608,675 
 (A) Fair value, which is equal to carrying value for all securities. 
 
 The following tables summarize the characteristics of our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio and of the collateral underlying our Non-Agency RMBS as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Non- Agency RMBS Characteristics Number of Securities Outstanding Face Amount Amortized Cost Basis Percentage of Total Amortized Cost Basis Carrying Value Principal Subordination (A) 
 Excess Spread (B) 
 Weighted Average Life (Years) Weighted Average Coupon (C) 
 Non-Agency RMBS 
 669 17,906,380 946,814 100.0 949,805 22.7 0.2 7.1 3.0 
 
 75 

Collateral Characteristics Average Loan Age (years) Collateral Factor (D) 
 3-Month CPR (E) 
 Delinquency (F) 
 Cumulative Losses to Date Non-Agency RMBS 
 10.9 0.6 6.6 2.7 0.7 
 (A) The percentage of amortized cost basis of securities and residual interests that is subordinate to our investments. This excludes interest-only bonds. 
 (B) The current amount of interest received on the underlying loans in excess of the interest paid on the securities, as a percentage of the outstanding collateral balance for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 (C) Excludes residual bonds, and certain other Non-Agency bonds, with a carrying value of 16.6 million and 1.1 million, respectively, for which no coupon payment is expected. 
 (D) The ratio of original UPB of loans still outstanding. 
 (E) Three month average constant prepayment rate and default rates. 
 (F) The percentage of underlying loans that are 90+ days delinquent, or in foreclosure or considered REO. 
 
 The following table summarizes the net interest spread of our Non-Agency RMBS portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Net Interest Spread (A) 
 Weighted Average Asset Yield 4.28 Weighted Average Funding Cost 6.45 Net Interest Spread (2.17) 
 (A) The Non-Agency RMBS portfolio consists of 35.0 floating rate securities and 65.0 fixed rate securities (based on amortized cost basis). 
 
 We finance our Non-Agency RMBS with short-term borrowings under master repurchase agreements. These borrowings generally bear interest rates offered by the counterparty for the term of the proposed repurchase transaction (e.g., 30 days, 60 days, etc.) of a specified margin over one-month LIBOR. The repurchase agreements represent uncommitted financing. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged Non-Agency RMBS with a carrying value of approximately 946.2 million and 924.9 million, respectively, as collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements. A portion of collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements is subject to daily mark-to-market fluctuations and margin calls. In addition, a portion of collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements is not subject to daily margin calls unless the collateral coverage percentage, a quotient expressed as a percentage equal to the current carrying value of outstanding debt divided by the market value of the underlying collateral, becomes greater than or equal to a collateral trigger. The difference between the collateral coverage percentage and the collateral trigger is referred to as a margin holiday. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our Non-Agency RMBS. 
 
 Call Rights 
 
 We hold a limited right to cleanup call options with respect to certain securitization trusts serviced or master serviced by Mr. Cooper whereby, when the UPB of the underlying residential mortgage loans falls below a pre-determined threshold, we can effectively purchase the underlying residential mortgage loans at par, plus unreimbursed servicer advances, resulting in the repayment of all of the outstanding securitization financing at par, in exchange for a fee of 0.75 of UPB paid to Mr. Cooper at the time of exercise. We similarly hold a limited right to cleanup call options with respect to certain securitization trusts master serviced by SLS for no fee, and also with respect to certain securitization trusts serviced or master serviced by Ocwen subject to a fee of 0.5 of UPB on loans that are current or thirty (30) days or less delinquent, paid to Ocwen at the time of exercise. The aggregate UPB of the underlying residential mortgage loans within these various securitization trusts is approximately 76.0 billion. 
 
 We continue to evaluate the call rights we acquired from each of our servicers, and our ability to exercise such rights and realize the benefits therefrom are subject to a number of risks. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights may be limited or delayed if a third party contests our ability to exercise our cleanup call rights, if the related securitization trustee refuses to permit the exercise of such rights, or if a related party is subject to bankruptcy proceedings. The actual UPB of the residential mortgage loans on which we can successfully exercise call rights and realize the benefits therefrom may differ materially from our initial assumptions. 
 
 We have exercised our call rights with respect to Non-Agency RMBS trusts and purchased performing and non-performing residential mortgage loans and REO contained in such trusts prior to their termination. In certain cases, we sold portions of the purchased loans through securitizations, and retained bonds issued by such securitizations. In addition, we received par on the 
 76 

securities issued by the called trusts which we owned prior to such trusts termination. Refer to Note 9 in our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on these transactions. 
 
 Refer to Note 24 in our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on these transactions for additional discussion regarding call rights and transactions with affiliates. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 We have accumulated our residential mortgage loan portfolio through various bulk acquisitions and the execution of call rights. Additionally, through our Mortgage Company, we originate residential mortgage loans for sale and securitization to third parties and we generally retain the servicing rights on the underlying loans. 
 
 Loans are accounted for based on our strategy for the loan and on whether the loan was performing or non-performing at the date of acquisition. Acquired performing loans means that at the time of acquisition it is likely the borrower will continue making payments in accordance with contractual terms. Purchased non-performing loans means that at the time of acquisition the borrower will not likely make payments in accordance with contractual terms (i.e., credit-impaired). We account for loans based on the following categories: 
 
 Loans held-for-investment, at fair value 
 Loans held-for-sale, at lower of cost or fair value 
 Loans held-for-sale, at fair value 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 4.0 billion outstanding face amount of residential mortgage loans. These investments were financed with secured financing agreements with an aggregate face amount of approximately 2.6 billion and secured notes and bonds payable with an aggregate face amount of approximately 0.8 billion. 
 
 The following table presents the total residential mortgage loans outstanding by loan type at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 
 Outstanding Face Amount Carrying Value Loan Count Weighted Average Yield Weighted Average Life (Years) (A) 
 Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value (B) 
 538,710 452,519 9,612 8.5 4.3 Acquired performing loans (C) 
 85,049 72,425 2,249 8.5 5.2 Acquired non-performing loans (D) 
 32,798 28,602 448 7.8 3.0 Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at lower of cost or market 117,847 101,027 2,697 8.3 4.6 Acquired performing loans (C)(E) 
 947,910 890,131 4,474 5.7 19.2 Acquired non-performing loans (D)(E) 
 369,220 340,342 1,938 4.3 27.9 Originated loans 2,070,758 2,066,798 5,760 6.5 29.5 Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value 3,387,888 3,297,271 12,172 6.0 26.4 
 (A) For loans classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, the weighted average life is based on the expected timing of the receipt of cash flows. For Level 2 loans, the weighted average life is based on the contractual term of the loan. 
 (B) Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value is grouped and presented as part of Residential Loans and Variable Interest Entity Consumer Loans, Held-for-Investment, at Fair Value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (C) Performing loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest is 90 days or more past due. 
 (D) As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital has placed non-performing loans, held-for-sale on non-accrual status, except as described in (E) below. 
 (E) Includes 523.1 million and 299.2 million UPB of Ginnie Mae EBO performing and non-performing loans, respectively, on accrual status as contractual cash flows are guaranteed by the FHA. 
 
 We consider the delinquency status, LTV ratios, and geographic area of residential mortgage loans as our credit quality indicators. 
 
 77 

We finance a significant portion of our residential mortgage loans with borrowings under repurchase agreements. These recourse borrowings bear variable interest rates offered by the counterparty for the term of the proposed repurchase transaction, generally less than one year, of a specified margin over the one-month LIBOR or SOFR. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company pledged residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of approximately 3.0 billion and 11.0 billion, respectively, as collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements. A portion of collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements is subject to daily mark-to-market fluctuations and margin calls. A portion of collateral for borrowings under repurchase agreements is not subject to daily margin calls unless the collateral coverage percentage, a quotient expressed as a percentage equal to the current carrying value of outstanding debt divided by the market value of the underlying collateral, becomes greater than or equal to a collateral trigger. The difference between the collateral coverage percentage and the collateral trigger is referred to as a margin holiday. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Other 
 
 Consumer Loans 
 
 The table below summarizes the collateral characteristics of the consumer loans, including those held in the Consumer Loan Companies and those acquired from the Consumer Loan Seller, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Collateral Characteristics UPB Number of Loans Weighted Average Coupon Adjustable Rate Loan Average Loan Age (months) Average Expected Life (Years) Delinquency 90+ Days (A) 
 12-Month CRR (B) 
 12-Month CDR (C) 
 Consumer loans, held-for-investment 330,428 55,281 17.9 13.7 216 3.4 1.4 21.3 4.3 
 (A) Represents the percentage of the total principal balance of the pool that corresponds to loans that are delinquent by 90 or more days. 
 (B) Represents the annualized rate of the voluntary prepayments during the three months as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (C) Represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) during the three months as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 
 We have financed our investments in consumer loans with securitized non-recourse long-term notes with a stated maturity date of May 2036. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our consumer loans. 
 
 Single-Family Rental SFR Portfolio 
 
 We continue to invest in and grow our SFR portfolio and strive to become a leader in the SFR industry by acquiring and maintaining a geographically diversified portfolio of high-quality single-family homes. As of December 31, 2022, our SFR portfolio consisted of approximately 3,761 units with an aggregate carrying value of 971.3 million, up from 2,551 units with an aggregate carrying value of 579.6 million as of December 31, 2021. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we acquired approximately 1,226 and 2,294 SFR units, respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain key SFR property metrics as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 78 

Number of SFR Properties of Total SFR Properties Net Book Value of Total Net Book Value Average Gross Book Value per Property of Rented SFR Properties 
 Average Monthly Rent Average Sq. Ft. Alabama 96 2.6 17,949 1.8 187 79.2 1,480 1,578 Arizona 154 4.1 60,262 6.2 391 87.6 2,000 1,543 Florida 843 22.4 225,414 23.2 267 91.1 1,868 1,448 Georgia 757 20.1 178,190 18.3 235 83.3 1,811 1,769 Indiana 120 3.2 26,280 2.7 219 90.0 1,597 1,625 Mississippi 127 3.4 22,473 2.3 177 92.0 1,582 1,652 Missouri 362 9.6 71,227 7.3 197 75.3 1,542 1,469 Nevada 109 2.9 35,863 3.7 329 97.2 1,842 1,456 North Carolina 445 11.8 128,835 13.3 290 84.1 1,740 1,543 Oklahoma 57 1.5 12,898 1.3 226 80.7 1,521 1,627 Tennessee 88 2.3 29,192 3.0 332 87.5 1,909 1,500 Texas 571 15.2 154,494 15.9 271 93.5 1,903 1,811 Other U.S. 32 0.9 8,236 1.0 257 86.8 1,733 1,585 Total/Weighted Average 3,761 100.0 971,313 100.0 258 87.0 1,786 1,606 
 
 We primarily rely on the use of credit facilities, term loans, and mortgage-backed securitizations to finance purchases of SFR properties. See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding financing of our SFR properties. 
 
 Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiary Genesis, we specialize in originating and managing a portfolio of primarily short-term mortgage loans to fund single-family and multi-family real estate developers with construction, renovation and bridge loans. 
 
 Construction Loans provided for ground-up construction, including mid-construction refinancing of ground-up construction, and the acquisition of such properties. 
 
 Renovation Acquisition or refinance loans for properties requiring renovation, excluding ground-up construction. 
 
 Bridge Loans for initial purchase, refinance of completed projects, or rental properties. 
 
 We currently finance construction, renovation and bridge loans using a warehouse credit facility and revolving securitization structures. 
 
 Properties securing our loans are typically secured by a mortgage or a first deed of trust lien on real estate. Depending on loan type, the size of each loan committed is based on a maximum loan value in accordance with our lending policy. For construction and renovation loans, we generally use loan-to-cost LTC or loan-to-after-repair-value LTARV ratio. For bridge loans, we use an LTV ratio. LTC and LTARV are measured by the total commitment amount of the loan at origination divided by the total estimated cost of a project or value of a property after renovations and improvements to a property. LTV is measured by the total commitment amount of the loan at origination divided by the as-complete appraisal. 
 
 At the time of origination, the difference between the initial outstanding principal and the total commitment is the amount held back for future release subject to property inspections, progress reports and other conditions in accordance with the loan documents. Loan ratios described above do not reflect interim activity such as construction draws or interest payments capitalized to loans, or partial repayments of the loan. 
 
 Each loan is typically backed by a corporate or personal guarantee to provide further credit support for the loan. The guarantee may be collaterally secured by a pledge of the guarantor s interest in the borrower or other real estate or assets owned by the guarantor. 
 
 79 

Loan commitments at origination are typically interest only and bear a variable interest rate tied to either LIBOR or the SOFR plus a spread ranging from 3.8 to 10.0 , and have initial terms typically ranging from 6 to 120 months in duration based on the size of the project and expected timeline for completion of construction, which we often elect to extend for several months based on our evaluation of the project. As of December 31, 2022, the average commitment size of our loans was 1.7 million and the weighted average remaining term to contractual maturity of our loans was 8.8 months. 
 
 We typically receive loan origination fees, or points of up to 5.3 of the total commitment at origination which varies in amount based upon the term of the loan and the quality of the borrower and the underlying collateral. In addition, we charge fees on past due receivables and receive reimbursements from borrowers for costs associated with services provided by us, such as closing costs, collection costs on defaulted loans, and inspection fees. In addition to origination fees, we earn loan extension fees when maturing loans are renewed or extended and amendment fees when loan terms are modified, such as increases in interest reserves and construction holdbacks in line with our underwriting criteria or upon modification of a loan. Loans are generally only renewed or extended if the loan is not in default and satisfies our underwriting criteria, including our maximum LTV ratios of the appraised value as determined at the time of loan origination or based on an updated appraisal, if required. Loan origination and renewal fees are deferred and recognized in income over the contractual maturity of the underlying loan. 
 
 Typical borrowers include real estate investors and developers. Loan proceeds are used to fund the construction, development, investment, land acquisition and refinancing of residential properties and to a lesser extent mixed-use properties. We also make loans to fund the renovation and rehabilitation of residential properties. Our loans are generally structured with partial funding at closing and additional loan installments disbursed to the borrower upon satisfactory completion of previously agreed stages of construction. 
 
 A principal source of new loans has been repeat business from our customers and their referral of new business. Our retention originations typically have lower customer acquisition costs than originations to new customers, positively impacting our profit margins. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have loans in 33 states with the majority of loans located in California. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information related to our mortgage loans receivable activity as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Loans originated 2,411,183 Loans repaid (A) 
 1,406,936 Number of loans originated 1,723 Unpaid principal balance 2,064,028 Total commitment 2,887,828 Average total commitment 1,722 Weighted average contractual interest (B) 
 9.6 
 (A) Based on commitment. 
 (B) Excludes loan fees and based on commitment at funding. 
 80 

The following table summarizes our total mortgage loans receivable portfolio by loan purpose as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Number of Loans Total Commitment Weighted Average Committed Loan Balance to Value (A) 
 Construction 622 37.1 1,738,396 60.2 76.8 / 65.6 
 Bridge 701 41.8 840,264 29.1 75.3 
 Renovation 354 21.1 309,168 10.7 78.0 / 66.1 
 Total 1,677 100.0 2,887,828 100.0 N/A 
 (A) Weighted by commitment LTV for bridge loans and LTC or LTARV for construction and renovation loans. 
 
 The following table summarizes our total mortgage loans receivable portfolio by geographic location as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Number of Loans of Total Total Commitment of Total California 682 40.7 1,522,338 52.7 Washington 144 8.6 293,768 10.2 New York 41 2.4 170,744 5.9 Other U.S. 810 48.3 900,978 31.2 Total 1,677 100.0 2,887,828 100.0 
 
 TAXES 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT we generally pay no federal or state and local income tax on assets that qualify under the REIT requirements if we distribute out at least 90 of the current taxable income generated from these assets. 
 
 We hold certain assets, including Servicer Advance Investments and MSRs, in taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs that are subject to federal, state and local income tax because these assets either do not qualify under the REIT requirements or the status of these assets is uncertain. We also operate our securitization program, servicing, origination, and service businesses through TRSs. 
 
 As our operating investments continue to grow and become a larger component of our total consolidated income, we anticipate income subject to tax will increase, along with a corresponding increase in tax expense and our consolidated effective tax rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we recorded a deferred tax liability of 711.9 million, primarily composed of deferred tax liabilities generated through the deferral of gains from loans sold by our origination business with servicing retained by us as well as deferred tax liabilities generated from changes in fair value of MSRs, loans, and swaps held within taxable entities. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized deferred tax expense (benefit) of 271.2 million primarily reflecting deferred tax expense generated from changes in the fair value of MSRs, loans, and swaps held within taxable entities as well as income in our servicing and origination business segments. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND USE OF ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company s most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 
 81 

The mortgage and financial industries are operating in a challenging and uncertain economic environment. Financial and real estate companies continue to be affected by, among other things, market volatility, rapidly rising interest rates and inflationary pressures. We believe the estimates and assumptions underlying our consolidated financial statements are reasonable and supportable based on the information available as of December 31, 2022; however, uncertainty related to market volatility and inflationary pressures, as well as the geopolitical risks associated with the war in Ukraine, will have on the global economy generally, and our business in particular, makes any estimates and assumptions as of December 31, 2022 inherently less certain than they would be absent the current economic environment and the ongoing war in Ukraine. Actual results may materially differ from those estimates. Market volatility and inflationary pressures and the war in Ukraine and their impact on the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to pay distributions. 
 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 
 
 Classification and valuation An MSR can be created or acquired through a variety of means, including explicitly through a contract or implicitly through the origination and sale of a loan with servicing retained. As an approved owner of MSRs, we account for our MSRs as servicing assets or servicing liabilities as we have undertaken an obligation to service financial assets. We measure our MSRs at fair value at acquisition and elect to subsequently measure at fair value at each reporting date using the fair value measurement method. Our MSRs are categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy, as described in Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The inputs used in the valuation of MSRs include prepayment rate, delinquency rate, mortgage servicing amount, discount rate, and estimated market level future costs to service. These inputs are primarily based on current market data obtained from servicers and other third parties, which may be adjusted based on our expectations for the future, and requires significant judgement. The determination of estimated cash flows used in pricing models is inherently subjective and imprecise. The methods used to estimate fair value may not result in an amount that is indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Changes in market conditions, as well as changes in the assumptions or methodology used to determine fair value, could result in a significant increase or decrease in fair value. 
 
 In order to evaluate the reasonableness of our fair value determinations, we engage an independent valuation firm to separately measure the fair value of our MSRs. The independent valuation firm determines an estimated fair value range based on its own models. We compare the range provided by the independent valuation firm to the values generated by our internal models. To date, we have not made any significant valuation adjustments as a result of the values provided by the third-party valuation adjustments. 
 
 In certain cases, we have legally purchased MSRs or the right to the economic interest in MSRs, however, we determined that the respective purchase agreement would not be treated as a sale under GAAP. Therefore, rather than recording an investment in MSRs, we have recorded an investment in MSR financing receivables. Income from this investment (net of subservicing fees) is recorded as interest income and is grouped and presented as part of Servicing Revenue, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, we elected to measure MSR Financing Receivables at fair value, with changes in fair value flowing through Servicing Revenue, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In order to evaluate the reasonableness of our fair value determinations, similar to MSRs, we engage an independent valuation firm to separately measure the fair value of our MSR Financing Receivables. 
 
 Revenue and interest income recognition We recognize income from investment in MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables as Servicing Revenue, Net which comprises (i) income from the MSRs, plus or minus (ii) the mark-to-market on the MSRs including change in fair value due to realization of cash flows. 
 
 Servicer Advance Investments 
 
 Classification and valuation We have elected to account for the Servicer Advance Investments at fair value. Accordingly, we estimate the fair value of the Servicer Advance Investments at each financial reporting date and reflect changes in the fair value of the Servicer Advance Investments as gains or losses. 
 
 We categorize Servicer Advance Investments under Level 3 of the GAAP hierarchy because we use internal pricing models to estimate the future cash flows related to the Servicer Advance Investments that incorporate significant unobservable inputs and include assumptions that are inherently subjective and imprecise. In order to evaluate the reasonableness of our fair value determinations, we engage an independent valuation firm to separately measure the fair value of our Servicer Advance Investments. The independent valuation firm determines an estimated fair value range based on its own models. 
 
 Our estimations of future cash flows include the combined cash flows of all of the components that comprise the Servicer Advance Investments: existing advances, the requirement to purchase future advances and the right to the basic fee component 
 82 

of the related MSR. The factors that most significantly impact the fair value include (i) the rate at which the servicer advance balance declines, (ii) the duration of outstanding servicer advances, which we estimate is approximately nine months on average for an advance balance at a given point in time (not taking into account new advances made with respect to the pool), and (iii) the UPB of the underlying loans with respect to which we have the obligation to make advances and own the basic fee component. 
 
 Interest income and expense recognition We recognize income from Servicer Advance Investments in the form of interest income. Interest income is calculated using the interest method, with adjustments to the yield applied based upon changes in actual or expected cash flows under the retrospective method. The servicer advances are not interest-bearing, but we accrete the effective rate of interest applied to the aggregate cash flows from the servicer advances and the basic fee component of the related MSR. 
 
 We remit to our servicers a portion of the basic fee component of the MSR related to our Servicer Advance Investments as compensation for acting as servicer, as described in more detail under Our Portfolio Servicing Related Assets Servicer Advances. Our interest income is recorded net of the servicing fees owed to our servicers. 
 
 Real Estate and Other Securities 
 
 Classification and valuation Our securities portfolio primarily consists of Agency and Non-Agency RMBS. Agency RMBS are securities issued or guaranteed as to principal and/or interest by a federally chartered corporation, such as Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or an agency of the U.S. Government, such as Ginnie Mae. Non-Agency RMBS are not issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae and are therefore subject to credit risk. RMBS investments are classified as either available-for-sale or accounted for under the fair value option. We determine the appropriate classification of our securities at the time they are acquired and evaluate the appropriateness of such classifications at each balance sheet date. If classified as available-for-sale, investments are carried at fair value, with net unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. If classified under the fair value option, changes in fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of Change in Fair Value of Investments. 
 
 We generally categorize Agency RMBS under Level 2 and Non-Agency as Level 3 of the GAAP hierarchy. We estimate the fair value of the majority of our RMBS based upon broker quotations, counterparty quotations or pricing service quotations. Pricing services generally develop their pricing of RMBS based on transaction prices of recent trades for similar financial instruments, when available. When recent trades for similar financial instruments are not available, cash flow models or other pricing models are used. The significant inputs used in the valuation of our securities include the discount rate, prepayment rates, default rates and loss severities, as well as other variables. 
 
 The determination of estimated cash flows used in pricing models is inherently subjective and imprecise. The methods used to estimate fair value may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Changes in market conditions, as well as changes in the assumptions or methodology used to determine fair value, could result in a significant increase or decrease in fair value. 
 
 Impairment We evaluate the cost basis of investments in securities not accounted for under the fair value option on at least a quarterly basis under ASC 326-30, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses: Available-for-Sale Debt Securities . When the fair value of a security is less than its amortized cost basis as of the balance sheet date, the security's cost basis is considered impaired. We must evaluate the decline in the fair value of the impaired security and determine whether such decline resulted from a credit loss or non-credit related factors. In our assessment of whether a credit loss exists, we compare the present value of estimated future cash flows of the impaired security with the amortized cost basis of such security. The estimated future cash flows reflect those that a market participant would use and typically include assumptions related to fluctuations in interest rates, prepayment speeds, default rates, collateral performance, and the timing and amount of projected credit losses, as well incorporating observations of current market developments and events. Cash flows are discounted at an interest rate equal to the current yield used to accrete interest income. If the present value of estimated future cash flows is less than the amortized cost basis of the security, an expected credit loss exists and is included in Other Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. If it is determined as of the financial reporting date that all or a portion of a security's cost basis is not collectible, then we will recognize a realized loss to the extent of the adjustment to the security's cost basis. This adjustment to the amortized cost basis of the security is reflected in Gain (Loss) on Settlement of Investments, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Interest income recognition There are several different accounting models that may be applicable for purposes of the recognition of interest income on RMBS depending on whether the security is designated as available-for-sale or fair value option. 
 83 

The following accounting models apply to RMBS classified as available-for-sale: 
 
 (i) RMBS of high credit quality rated AA or higher that, at the time of purchase, we expect to collect all contractual cash flows and the security cannot be contractually prepaid in such a way that we would not recover substantially all of our recorded investment. 
 
 (ii) Non-Agency RMBS which are not of high credit quality at the time of purchase or that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in such a way that we would not recover substantially all of our recorded investment. 
 
 For RMBS of high credit quality accounted for under (i) above, we recognize interest income by applying the permitted interest method, whereby purchase premiums and discounts are amortized and accreted, respectively, as an adjustment to contractual interest income accrued at each security s stated coupon rate. The interest method is applied at the individual security level based upon each security s effective interest rate. We calculate each security s effective interest rate at the time of purchase by solving for the discount rate that equates the present value of that security's remaining contractual cash flows (assuming no principal prepayments) to its purchase price. Because each security s effective interest rate does not reflect an estimate of future prepayments, we refer to this manner of applying the interest method as the contractual effective interest method. When applying the contractual effective interest method to its investments in RMBS, as principal prepayments occur, a proportional amount of the unamortized premium or discount is recognized in interest income such that the contractual effective interest rate on the remaining security balance is unaffected. 
 
 For Non-Agency RMBS accounted for under (ii) above, we recognize interest income by applying the required prospective level-yield methodology. Interest income under this methodology is impacted by management judgments around both the amount and timing of credit losses (defaults) and prepayments. Consequently, interest income on these Non-Agency RMBS is recognized based on the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected, as opposed to being based on contractual cash flows. These securities are generally purchased at a discount to the principal amount. At the original acquisition date, we estimate the timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected and calculate the present value of those amounts to our purchase price. In each subsequent balance sheet date, we revise our estimates of the remaining timing and amount of cash flows expected to be collected. If there is a positive change in the amount and timing of future cash flows expected to be collected from the previous estimate, the effective interest rate in future accounting periods may increase resulting in an increase in the reported amount of interest income in future periods. A positive change in the amount and timing of future cash flows expected to be collected is considered to have occurred when the net present value of future cash flows expected to be collected has increased from the previous estimate. This can occur from a change in either the timing of when cash flows are expected to be collected (i.e., from changes in prepayment speeds or the timing of estimated defaults) or in the amount of cash flows expected to be collected (i.e., from reductions in estimates of future defaults). If there is a negative or adverse change in the amount and timing of future cash flows expected to be collected from the previous estimate, and the security's fair value is below its amortized cost, an impairment loss equal to the adverse change in cash flows expected to be collected, discounted using the security's effective rate before impairment, is required to be recorded in current period earnings. Additionally, while the effective interest rate used to accrete interest income after an impairment has been recognized will generally be the same, the amount of interest income recorded in future periods will decline because of the reduced balance of the amortized cost basis of the investment to which such effective interest rate is applied. 
 
 The following accounting models apply to RMBS accounted for under the fair value option: 
 
 (iii) RMBS of high credit quality rated AA or higher that, at the time of purchase, we expect to collect all contractual cash flows and the security cannot be contractually prepaid in such a way that we would not recover substantially all of our recorded investment. 
 
 (iv) Non-Agency RMBS which are not of high credit quality at the time of purchase or that can be contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in such a way that we would not recover substantially all of our recorded investment. 
 
 Interest income on RMBS accounted for in (iii) above is recognized based on the stated coupon rate and the outstanding principal amount. The original purchase premium or discount is not amortized or accreted as part of interest income but rather reflected as part of the security s fair value. 
 
 Interest income on Non-Agency RMBS accounted for in (iv) above is recognized in accordance with the model described in (ii) above. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 84 

Classification and valuation Loans are classified as (i) held-for-investment at fair value, (ii) held-for-sale at fair value or (iii) held-for-sale at lower of cost or fair value. Loans are also eligible to be accounted for under the fair value option which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and the periodic changes in fair value is recorded as a component of Change in Fair Value of Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Income. When we have the intent and ability to hold loans for the foreseeable future or to maturity/payoff, such loans are classified as held for investment. When we have the intent to sell loans, such loans are classified as held for sale. 
 
 Our loans are generally categorized as Level 2 or 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy, as described in Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The fair value of loans is affected by, among other things, changes in interest rates, credit performance, prepayments, and market liquidity. To the extent interest rates change or market liquidity and or credit conditions materially change, the value of these loans could decline, which could have a material effect on reported earnings. 
 
 For originated residential mortgage loans measured at fair value, the fair value is generally determined using a market approach by utilizing either (i) the fair value of securities backed by similar residential mortgage loans, adjusted for certain factors to approximate the fair value of a whole residential mortgage loan, (ii) current commitments to purchase loans or (iii) recent observable market trades for similar loans, adjusted for credit risk and other individual loan characteristics. 
 
 For acquired residential mortgage loans measured at fair value, the fair value is generally determined by discounting the expected future cash flows using inputs such as default rates, prepayment speeds and discount rates. 
 
 For loans measured at the lower of cost or fair value, we account for any excess of cost over fair value as a valuation allowance and include changes in the valuation allowance in in the period in which the change occurs. Purchase price discounts or premiums are deferred in a contra loan account until the related loan is sold. The deferred discounts or premiums are an adjustment to the basis of the loan and are included in the quarterly determination of the lower of cost or fair value adjustments and/or the gain or loss recognized at the time of sale. 
 
 Interest income recognition Interest income on mortgage loans is accrued based on the unpaid principal balance and the contractual interest rate. Interest earned on mortgage loans are reported in Interest Income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. If it s probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the original contractual terms of the loan agreement, or if the loan becomes 90 days delinquent, the Company will reverse all prior accrued and unpaid interest on such mortgage loan. The Company will return loans to accrual status only when we reinstate the loan and there is no significant uncertainty as to collectability. 
 
 Impairment Subsequent to the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, all residential mortgage loans are carried at fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. As a result, these loans are not subject to an allowance for credit losses under the CECL impairment model. 
 
 A loan is determined to be past due when a monthly payment is due and unpaid for 30 days or more. Loans, other than PCD loans, are placed on nonaccrual status and considered non-performing when full payment of principal and interest is in doubt, which generally occurs when principal or interest is 90 days or more past due unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Loans held-for-sale are subject to the nonaccrual policy. A loan may be returned to accrual status when repayment is reasonably assured and there has been demonstrated performance under the terms of the loan or, if applicable, the terms of the restructured loan. Our ability to recognize interest income on nonaccrual loans as cash interest payments are received rather than as a reduction of the carrying value of the loans is based on the recorded loan balance being deemed fully collectible. 
 
 Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions 
 
 When the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute a business, then the acquisition is a business combination. If substantially all of the fair value of the gross asset acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, the asset is not considered a business. Business combinations are accounted for under the acquisition method. On acquisition, the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are measured at their fair values at the date of 
 acquisition. Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. In instances where the cost of acquisition is lower than the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired (i.e., bargain purchase), the difference is recognized in earnings in the period of acquisition. The consideration transferred for an acquisition is measured at fair value of the consideration given. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included from the date of acquisition. 
 
 85 

If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, we will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which we determine the amount of the adjustment, including the effect on earnings of any amounts we would have recorded in previous periods if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. 
 
 Investment Consolidation 
 
 Variable interest entities VIEs are defined as entities in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. A VIE is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary, and only by its primary beneficiary, which is defined as the party who has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and who has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The analysis as to whether to consolidate an entity is subject to a significant amount of judgment. Some of the criteria considered are the determination as to the degree of control over an entity by its various equity holders, the design of the entity, how closely related the entity is to each of its equity holders, the relation of the equity holders to each other and a determination of the primary beneficiary in entities in which we have a variable interest. These analyses involve estimates, based on our assumptions, as well as judgments regarding significance and the design of entities. 
 
 For additional information on VIEs, see Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements Note 21. Variable Interest Entities. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We intend to operate in a manner that allows us to qualify for taxation as a REIT. As a result of our expected REIT qualification, we do not generally expect to pay U.S. federal or state and local corporate level taxes on income earned outside of our TRSs. Many of the REIT requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet the REIT requirements, we would be subject to U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise taxes, and we would face a variety of adverse consequences. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Taxation as a REIT. Rithm Capital operates various business segments, including servicing, origination, and MSR related investments, through TRSs that are subject to regular corporate income taxes. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Accounting Impact of Valuation Changes 
 
 Rithm Capital s assets fall into three general categories as disclosed in the table below. These categories are: 
 
 Marked to Market Assets MTM Assets Assets that are marked to market through the Consolidated Statements of Income. Changes in the value of these assets (i) are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income, as unrealized gains or losses that impact net income, and (ii) impact our Total Rithm Capital Stockholders Equity (net book value). 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income Assets OCI Assets Assets that are marked to market through the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Changes in the value of these assets (i) are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as unrealized gains or losses, and therefore do not impact net income on the Consolidated Statement of Income, and (ii) impact our Total Rithm Capital Stockholders Equity (net book value). 
 
 Cost Assets Assets that are not marked to market. Changes in value of these assets do not impact net income in the Consolidated Statement of Income nor do they impact our Total Rithm Capital Stockholders Equity (net book value). 
 
 An exception to these descriptions results from changes in value that represent impairment. Any such change (i) is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income, as impairment that impacts net income, and (ii) impacts our Total Rithm Capital Stockholders Equity (net book value). In the case of Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, at Lower of Cost or Fair Value, any reductions in value are considered impairment. Impairment on loans and REO as well as securities subsequent to the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020 is subject to reversal if values subsequently increase. 
 
 All of Rithm Capital s liabilities, with the exception of derivatives, residential mortgage loan repurchase liability, certain debt accounted for under the fair value option and contingent consideration liabilities (which are marked to market through the Consolidated Statements of Income), are recorded at their amortized cost basis. 
 86 

The table below summarizes Rithm Capital s assets by category as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 MTM Assets OCI Assets Cost Assets Real estate and other securities accounted for under the fair value option Real estate and other securities, available-for-sale Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at lower of cost or fair value 
 Excess MSRs Single-family rental properties Excess MSRs, equity method investees Real estate owned (REO) 
 MSRs and MSR financing receivables Servicer advances receivable 
 Servicer advance investments Trades receivable 
 Certain assets within Other assets, primarily derivatives and equity investments Deferred taxes Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale at fair value 
 Other assets, except as described above 
 Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Consumer loans Mortgage loans receivable 
 87 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Factors Impacting Comparability of Our Results of Operations 
 
 Our net income is primarily generated from net interest income, servicing fee revenue less cost, and gain on sale of loans less cost to originate. Changes in various factors such as market interest rates, prepayment speeds, estimated future cash flows, servicing costs and credit quality could affect the amount of basis premium to be amortized or discount to be accreted into interest income for a given period. Prepayment speeds vary according to the type of investment, conditions in the financial markets, competition and other factors, none of which can be predicted with any certainty. Our operating results may also be affected by credit losses in excess of initial anticipations or unanticipated credit events experienced by borrowers whose mortgage loans underlie the MSRs, mortgage loans receivable, or the non-Agency RMBS held in our investment portfolio. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest rates increased and remained elevated. Higher interest rates can decrease a borrower s ability or willingness to enter into mortgage transactions, including residential, business purpose, and commercial loans. Higher interest rates also increase our financing costs. 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we entered into definitive agreements with the Former Manager to internalize our management function. As part of the termination of the existing Management Agreement, we paid 400.0 million (subject to certain adjustments) to the Former Manager. Following the Internalization, we no longer pay a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. 
 
 In the second half of 2021, we completed two acquisitions, Caliber Home Loans, Inc. and Genesis Capital, LLC. As a result of these acquisitions, year over year operating revenues and expenses increased. 
 88 

Summary of Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables summarize the changes in our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 year-to-year (dollars in thousands). Our results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future performance. 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Revenues Servicing fee revenue, net and interest income from MSRs and MSR financing receivables 1,831,964 1,559,554 272,410 17.5 Change in fair value of MSRs and MSR financing 
 receivables (includes realization of cash flows of (631,120) and (1,192,646), respectively) 
 732,750 (575,353) 1,308,103 (227.4) Servicing revenue, net 2,564,714 984,201 1,580,513 160.6 Interest income 1,075,981 810,896 265,085 32.7 Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net 1,086,232 1,826,909 (740,677) (40.5) 4,726,927 3,622,006 1,104,921 30.5 Expenses Interest expense and warehouse line fees 791,001 497,308 293,693 59.1 General and administrative 875,428 864,028 11,400 1.3 Compensation and benefits 1,231,446 1,159,810 71,636 6.2 Management fee to affiliate 46,174 95,926 (49,752) (51.9) Termination fee to affiliate 400,000 400,000 n/m 3,344,049 2,617,072 726,977 27.8 Other income (loss) Change in fair value of investments, net 1,108,290 11,723 1,096,567 n/m Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net (1,359,679) (234,561) (1,125,118) 479.7 Other income (loss), net 131,312 181,712 (50,400) (27.7) (120,077) (41,126) (78,951) 192.0 Income before income taxes 1,262,801 963,808 298,993 31.0 Income tax expense 279,516 158,226 121,290 76.7 Net income 983,285 805,582 177,703 22.1 Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries 28,766 33,356 (4,590) (13.8) Dividends on preferred stock 89,726 66,744 22,982 34.4 Net income attributable to common stockholders 864,793 705,482 159,311 22.6 
 Percentage changes in the table above deemed n/m are not meaningful. 

89 

Servicing Revenue, Net 
 
 Servicing Revenue, Net consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Servicing fee revenue, net and interest income from MSRs and MSR financing receivables 1,699,587 1,446,509 253,078 17.5 Ancillary and other fees 132,377 113,045 19,332 17.1 Servicing fee revenue and fees 1,831,964 1,559,554 272,410 17.5 Change in fair value due to: Realization of cash flows (631,120) (1,192,646) 561,526 (47.1) Change in valuation inputs and assumptions (A) 
 1,449,134 680,088 769,046 113.1 Change in fair value of derivative instruments (11,316) (30,481) 19,165 (62.9) (Gain) loss realized 5,093 2,410 2,683 111.3 Gain (loss) on settlement of derivative instruments (79,041) (34,724) (44,317) 127.6 Servicing revenue, net 2,564,714 984,201 1,580,513 160.6 
 (A) The following table summarizes the components of servicing revenue, net related to changes in valuation inputs and assumptions: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Changes in interest rates and prepayment rates 2,165,802 544,706 1,621,096 297.6 Changes in discount rates (187,494) 113,305 (300,799) (265.5) Changes in other factors (529,174) 22,077 (551,251) n/m Change in valuation and assumptions 1,449,134 680,088 769,046 113.1 
 Percentage changes in the table above deemed n/m are not meaningful. 
 
 The table below summarizes the unpaid principal balances of our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables: 
 Unpaid Principal Balance as of December 31, Increase (Decrease) (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Amount GSE 364,879 374,816 (9,937) (2.7) Non-Agency 53,882 63,851 (9,969) (15.6) Ginnie Mae 121,136 109,946 11,190 10.2 Total 539,897 548,613 (8,716) (1.6) 
 
 The table below summarizes loan UPB by Performing Servicing and Special Servicing: 
 Unpaid Principal Balance as of December 31, Increase (Decrease) (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Amount Performing Servicing 393,299 384,266 9,033 2.4 Special Servicing 110,264 98,497 11,767 11.9 Total Servicing Portfolio 503,563 482,763 20,800 4.3 
 
 Servicing revenue, net increased 1.6 billion, primarily driven by (i) a 0.8 billion net increase in the fair value of our MSR portfolio attributable to favorable mark-to-market adjustments related to slower projected prepayment rates and higher estimated custodial earnings due to an increase in projected forward interest rates, partially offset by higher discount rates, and (ii) a 0.6 billion decrease in realization of cash flows as a result of slower prepayments. In addition, the higher average unpaid principal balance year-over-year drove (iii) a 0.3 billion increase in servicing fee revenue and fees. 
 
 90 

As of December 31, 2022, the performing loan servicing division serviced 393.3 billion UPB of loans and the special servicing division serviced 110.3 billion UPB of loans, for a total servicing portfolio of 503.6 billion UPB, representing a 4.3 increase from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 265.1 million primarily driven by higher interest rates during 2022, including higher float income earned on custodial accounts associated with our MSRs, and the inclusion of results from Caliber and Genesis for the full year 2022. 
 
 Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net 
 
 The following table provides information regarding Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net as a percentage of pull through adjusted lock volume, by channel: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Direct to Consumer 3.70 3.97 Retail 3.29 3.66 Wholesale 1.09 1.09 Correspondent 0.31 0.28 1.70 1.51 
 
 The following table summarizes funded loan production by channel: 
 Unpaid Principal Balance for the Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2022 of Total 2021 of Total Amount Production by Channel Direct to Consumer 8,263 12 25,182 20 (16,919) (67.2) Retail 19,037 28 16,781 14 2,256 13.4 Wholesale 11,000 16 16,189 13 (5,189) (32.1) Correspondent 29,308 44 65,137 53 (35,829) (55.0) Total Production by Channel 67,608 100 123,289 100 (55,681) (45.2) 
 
 Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net decreased 740.7 million year over year, primarily driven by a reduction in the pull th rough adjusted lock volume attributable to an increase in interest rates during the year, partially offset by the inclusion of the Caliber acquisition for the full year 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, loan origination volume was 67.6 billion, down from 123.3 billion in the prior year. 
 
 During 2022, gain on sale margins continued to revert to historical levels largely driven by weakening demand for loans amid excess industry capacity due to an escalating interest rate environment weighing on the residential real estate market. Gain on sale margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.70 , 19 bps higher than 1.51 for the prior year. The higher gain on sale margin for 2022 was driven by channel mix funded loan production in our higher margin Retail channel outpaced production in lower margin channels. 70 of all funded origination volume during 2022 was purchase origination, up from 42 in 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense and Warehouse Line Fees 
 
 Interest expense increased 293.7 million year over year, primarily attributable to the higher interest rates in 2022. 
 91 

General and Administrative 
 
 General and Administrative expenses consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Legal and professional 78,837 102,114 (23,277) (22.8) Loan origination 108,149 196,989 (88,840) (45.1) Occupancy 116,526 70,616 45,910 65.0 Subservicing 162,972 224,138 (61,166) (27.3) Loan servicing 11,759 16,440 (4,681) (28.5) Property and maintenance 93,689 69,083 24,606 35.6 Other 303,496 184,648 118,848 64.4 Total general and administrative expenses 875,428 864,028 11,400 1.3 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 11.4 million year over year. Legal and professional fees decreased primarily due to lower deal costs incurred in 2022. Loan origination, subservicing fees, and loan servicing fees decreased due to lower loan production volume throughout 2022 commensurate with the increasing rate environment. The increase in occupancy expense reflects a full year of Caliber and Genesis expenses for 2022. Property and maintenance expenses increased due to continued growth at Guardian. Other expenses increased primarily due to higher information technology and marketing expenses due to a full year of Caliber and Genesis expenses, and higher single family rental property expenses driven by property purchases. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Compensation and benefits increased 71.6 million year over year, primarily due to the Caliber and Genesis acquisitions in the latter half of 2021, which initially added over 7,000 in headcount. Additionally, on June 17, 2022, we entered into definitive agreements with the Former Manager to internalize our management function. Following the Internalization, we no longer pay a management fee to the Former Manager and we have assumed compensation and benefit expenses directly. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in headcount primarily within our Origination segment commensurate with aligning our expense base to a lower production environment. Total headcount at December 31, 2022 was 5,763, down from 12,296 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Management Fee to Affiliate 
 
 Management fee to affiliate decreased 49.8 million year over year due to the Internalization effective June 17, 2022. See Notes 1, 24 and 26 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the management fee to affiliate. 
 
 Termination Fee to Affiliate 
 
 The termination fee to affiliate of 400.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to the Internalization effective June 17, 2022. See Notes 1, 24 and 26 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the termination fee to affiliate. 
 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 
 Other Income (Loss) consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Change in fair value of investments, net 1,108,290 11,723 1,096,567 n/m Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net (1,359,679) (234,561) (1,125,118) 479.7 Other income (loss), net 131,312 181,712 (50,400) (27.7) (120,077) (41,126) (78,951) 192.0 
 Percentage changes in the table above deemed n/m are not meaningful. 
 92 

The following table summarizes the components of Other income (loss): 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) 2022 2021 Amount Real estate and other securities 
 235,591 (400,369) 635,960 (159) Residential mortgage loans 
 (173,644) 155,758 (329,402) (211.5) Derivative instruments 
 1,094,467 298,803 795,664 266.3 Other (A) 
 (48,124) (42,469) (5,655) 13.3 Change in fair value of investments, net 1,108,290 11,723 1,096,567 n/m Sale of real estate securities (1,735,009) (89,811) (1,645,198) n/m Sale of acquired residential mortgage loans 55,298 120,680 (65,382) (54.2) Settlement of derivatives 374,464 (172,581) 547,045 (317.0) Liquidated residential mortgage loans (42,639) (5,946) (36,693) 617.1 Sale of REO (4,148) (6,622) 2,474 (37.4) Extinguishment of debt (1,485) 1,485 (100.0) Other (7,645) (78,796) 71,151 (90.3) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net 
 (1,359,679) (234,561) (1,125,118) 479.7 Unrealized gain (loss) on secured notes and bonds payable 45,792 12,991 32,801 252.5 Rental revenue 54,567 13,750 40,817 296.9 Property and maintenance revenue 132,432 104,797 27,635 26.4 (Provision) reversal for credit losses on securities (7,345) 5,201 (12,546) (241.2) Valuation and credit loss (provision) reversal on loans and real estate owned (7,617) 42,543 (50,160) (117.9) Other income (loss) (86,517) 2,430 (88,947) n/m Other income (loss), net 
 131,312 181,712 (50,400) (27.7) Total other income (loss) 
 (120,077) (41,126) (78,951) 192.0 
 Percentage changes in the table above deemed n/m are not meaningful. 
 (A) Includes excess MSRs, servicer advance investments, consumer loans, and other. 
 
 Change in fair value of investments, net, together with Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net, reflects the net change in unrealized and net realized gains (losses) on our investment portfolio, including real estate and other securities, residential mortgage loans, and derivative instruments. 
 
 Total other income (loss) was (120.1) million for the full year 2022 compared to (41.1) million for the prior year. The increase in loss year over year was primarily driven by the sale of Agency RMBS in 2022, offset by the associated interest rate swaps utilized as economic hedges we recognized net realized and unrealized losses on our Agency RMBS of 1.0 billion, offset by net realized and unrealized gains on our interest rate swaps and of 1.3 billion. Losses on our Agency RMBS and net realized and unrealized gains on our interest rate swaps were driven by higher interest rates and widening yield spreads in 2022. 
 
 The change in fair value of residential mortgage loans decreased 329.4 million, primarily attributable to increasing interest rates throughout 2022. 
 
 Unrealized gains on secured notes and bonds payable increased 32.8 million, primarily driven by favorable mark-to-market adjustments related to our consumer loans and mortgage loans receivable. 
 
 Rental revenue increased 40.8 million, driven by growth within our SFR business attributable to continued growth in acquired properties and occupancy rates. 
 
 Property and maintenance revenue increased 27.6 million, primarily due to continued growth in operations at Guardian. 
 93 

Other income (loss), net includes a 78.6 million loss recognized during 2022 attributable to unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments related to our ancillary investments, primarily reflecting the write-off of our remaining interest in Covius. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 
 Income tax expense increased 121.3 million, primarily driven by current and deferred tax expense resulting from changes in the fair value of MSRs, loans, and swaps held within taxable entities as well as income generated by the origination and servicing segments. 
 
 Dividends on Preferred Stock 
 
 The following table summarizes preferred shares (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 Number of Shares Liquidation Preference Dividends Declared per Share December 31, Year Ended December 31, Series 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Series A, 7.50 issued July 2019 
 6,200 6,210 155,002 155,250 1.88 1.88 Series B, 7.125 issued August 2019 
 11,261 11,300 281,518 282,500 1.78 1.78 Series C, 6.375 issued February 2020 
 15,903 16,100 397,584 402,500 1.59 1.59 Series D, 7.00 issued September 2021 
 18,600 18,600 465,000 465,000 1.75 0.72 Total 51,964 52,210 1,299,104 1,305,250 7.00 5.97 
 
 Dividends on preferred stock increased 23.0 million, primarily driven by the Preferred Series D shares issued in September 2021. 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 See Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) below. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain investments, and other general business needs. Additionally, to maintain our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income. We note that a portion of this requirement may be able to be met in future years through stock dividends, rather than cash, subject to limitations based on the value of our stock. 
 
 Our primary sources of funds are cash provided by operating activities (primarily income from loan origination and servicing), sales of and repayments from our investments, potential debt financing sources, including securitizations, and the issuance of equity securities, when feasible and appropriate. 
 
 Our primary uses of funds are the payment of interest, servicing and subservicing expenses, outstanding commitments (including margins and mortgage loan originations), other operating expenses, repayment of borrowings and hedge obligations, dividends and funding of future servicer advances. Total cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1.3 billion. 
 
 Our ability to utilize funds generated by the MSRs held in our servicer subsidiaries, NRM, Newrez and Caliber, is subject to and limited by certain regulatory requirements, including maintaining liquidity, tangible net worth and ratio of capital to assets. Moreover, our ability to access and utilize cash generated from our regulated entities is an important part of our dividend paying ability. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 0.9 billion of our cash and cash equivalents was held at NRM, Newrez and Caliber, of which 0.7 billion was in excess of regulatory liquidity requirements. NRM, Newrez and Caliber are expected to maintain compliance with applicable net worth requirements throughout the year. 
 
 Currently, our primary sources of financing are secured financing agreements and secured notes and bonds payable, although we have pursued in the past and may also pursue in the future one or more other sources of financing such as securitizations and other secured and unsecured forms of borrowing. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding secured financing agreements with an aggregate face amount of approximately 11.3 billion to finance our investments. The financing of our entire RMBS portfolio, which generally has 30- to 90-day terms, is subject to margin calls. Under secured financing agreements, we sell a 
 94 

security to a counterparty and concurrently agree to repurchase the same security at a later date for a higher specified price. The sale price represents financing proceeds and the difference between the sale and repurchase prices represents interest on the financing. The price at which the security is sold generally represents the market value of the security less a discount or haircut, which can range broadly. During the term of the secured financing agreement, the counterparty holds the security as collateral. If the agreement is subject to margin calls, the counterparty monitors and calculates what it estimates to be the value of the collateral during the term of the agreement. If this value declines by more than a de minimis threshold, the counterparty could require us to post additional collateral (or margin in order to maintain the initial haircut on the collateral. This margin is typically required to be posted in the form of cash and cash equivalents. Furthermore, we may, from time to time, be a party to derivative agreements or financing arrangements that may be subject to margin calls based on the value of such instruments. In addition, 5.0 billion face amount of our MSR and Excess MSR financing is subject to mandatory monthly repayment to the extent that the outstanding balance exceeds the market value (as defined in the related agreement) of the financed asset multiplied by the contractual maximum LTV ratio. We seek to maintain adequate cash reserves and other sources of available liquidity to meet any margin calls or related requirements resulting from decreases in value related to a reasonably possible (in our opinion) change in interest rates. 
 
 Our ability to obtain borrowings and to raise future equity capital is dependent on our ability to access borrowings and the capital markets on attractive terms. We continually monitor market conditions for financing opportunities and at any given time may be entering or pursuing one or more of the transactions described above. Our senior management team has extensive long-term relationships with investment banks, brokerage firms and commercial banks, which we believe enhance our ability to source and finance asset acquisitions on attractive terms and access borrowings and the capital markets at attractive levels. 
 
 Our ability to fund our operations, meet financial obligations and finance acquisitions may be impacted by our ability to secure and maintain our secured financing agreements, credit facilities and other financing arrangements. Because secured financing agreements and credit facilities are short-term commitments of capital, lender responses to market conditions may make it more difficult for us to renew or replace, on a continuous basis, our maturing short-term borrowings and have imposed, and may continue to impose, more onerous conditions when rolling such financings. If we are not able to renew our existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under our financing facilities or if we are required to post more collateral or face larger haircuts, we may have to curtail our asset acquisition activities and/or dispose of assets. 
 
 The use of TBA dollar roll transactions generally increases our funding diversification, expands our available pool of assets, and increases our overall liquidity position, as TBA contracts typically have lower implied haircuts relative to Agency RMBS pools funded with repo financing. TBA dollar roll transactions may also have a lower implied cost of funds than comparable repo funded transactions offering incremental return potential. However, if it were to become uneconomical to roll our TBA contracts into future months it may be necessary to take physical delivery of the underlying securities and fund those assets with cash or other financing sources, which could reduce our liquidity position. 
 
 If the regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders change, they may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us. Our lenders also have revised and may continue to revise their eligibility requirements for the types of assets they are willing to finance or the terms of such financings, including haircuts and requiring additional collateral in the form of cash, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of actual and perceived risk. Moreover, the amount of financing we receive under our secured financing agreements will be directly related to our lenders valuation of our assets that cover the outstanding borrowings. 
 
 On August 17, 2022, the FHFA and Ginnie Mae released updated capital and liquidity standard for loan sellers and servicers. In regards to capital requirements, the updated standards require all loan sellers and servicers to maintain a minimum tangible net worth of 2.5 million plus 25 bps for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and private label servicing UPB plus 35 bps for Ginnie Mae servicing. This change aligns the existing Ginnie Mae capital requirement with the FHFA s. In addition, the definition of tangible net worth has been changed to remove deferred tax assets, though the tangible net worth to tangible asset ratio remained unchanged at 6 or greater. In regard to liquidity requirements, the updated standards require all non-depositories to maintain base liquidity of 3.5 bps of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and private label servicing UPB plus 10 bps for Ginnie Mae servicing. This change is an increase in required liquidity for the Ginnie Mae balances and aligns with the FHFA s. Furthermore, specific to FHFA, all non-banks will have to hold additional origination liquidity of 50 bps times loans held for sale plus pipeline loans. Large non-banks with greater than 50 billion UPB in servicing will have to hold an additional liquidity buffer of 2 bps on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac servicing balances and 5 bps on Ginnie Mae servicing. Notwithstanding Ginnie Mae s risk-based capital requirement, the updated standards will become effective on September 30, 2023. Noncompliance with the capital and liquidity requirements can result in the FHFA and Ginnie Mae taking various remedial actions up to and including removing the Company s ability to sell loans to and service loans on behalf of the FHFA 
 95 

and Ginnie Mae. Currently, Ginnie Mae s risk-based capital requirement is expected to go into effect on December 31, 2024. The FHFA s revised requirements is expected to increase our capital and liquidity requirement and lower our return on capital. 
 
 On June 17, 2022, we entered into definitive agreements with the Former Manager to internalize our management function. As part of the termination of the existing Management Agreement, we agreed to pay 400.0 million (subject to certain adjustments) to the Former Manager. Following the Internalization, we no longer pay a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. Consequently, we have assumed general and administrative, and compensation and benefit expenses directly. We anticipate a savings in operating costs as a result of the Internalization. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act. The Inflation Reduction Act introduces a new 15 corporate minimum tax, based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations. Applicable corporations would be allowed to claim a credit for the minimum tax paid against regular tax in future years. The corporate minimum tax is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act also includes an excise tax that would impose a 1 surcharge on stock repurchases. This excise tax is effective on stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. While we continue to evaluate the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act on our consolidated financial statements, we currently do not expect a material impact on our results, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 With respect to the next 12 months, we expect that our cash on hand combined with our cash flow provided by operations and our ability to roll our secured financing agreements and servicer advance financings will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated liquidity needs with respect to our current investment portfolio, including related financings, potential margin calls, mortgage loan origination and operating expenses. Our ability to roll over short-term borrowings is critical to our liquidity outlook. We have a significant amount of near-term maturities, which we expect to be able to refinance. If we cannot repay or refinance our debt on favorable terms, we will need to seek out other sources of liquidity. While it is inherently more difficult to forecast beyond the next 12 months, we currently expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements through our cash on hand and, if needed, additional borrowings, proceeds received from secured financing agreements and other financings, proceeds from equity offerings and the liquidation or refinancing of our assets. 
 
 These short-term and long-term expectations are forward-looking and subject to a number of uncertainties and assumptions, including those described under Market Considerations as well as Risk Factors. If our assumptions about our liquidity prove to be incorrect, we could be subject to a shortfall in liquidity in the future, and such a shortfall may occur rapidly and with little or no notice, which could limit our ability to address the shortfall on a timely basis and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our cash flow provided by operations differs from our net income due to these primary factors (i) the difference between (a) accretion and amortization and unrealized gains and losses recorded with respect to our investments and (b) cash received therefrom, (ii) unrealized gains and losses on our derivatives, and recorded impairments, if any, (iii) deferred taxes, and (iv) principal cash flows related to held-for-sale loans, which are characterized as operating cash flows under GAAP. 
 
 96 

Debt Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes information regarding our debt obligations (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Collateral Debt Obligations/Collateral Outstanding Face Amount Carrying Value (A) 
 Final Stated Maturity (B) 
 Weighted Average Funding Cost Weighted Average Life (Years) Outstanding Face Amortized Cost Basis Carrying Value Weighted Average Life (Years) Carrying Value (A) 
 Secured Financing Agreements (C) 
 Repurchase Agreements: Warehouse Credit Facilities-Residential Mortgage Loans (F) 
 2,603,833 2,601,327 Feb-23 to Jan-25 5.9 0.8 3,187,716 3,114,791 3,020,575 21.3 10,138,297 Warehouse Credit Facility-Mortgage Loans Receivable (G) 
 1,220,662 1,220,662 Mar-23 to Dec-23 6.9 0.6 1,451,279 1,451,279 1,451,279 0.8 1,252,660 Agency RMBS (D) 
 6,821,788 6,821,788 Jan-23 to Feb-23 4.1 0.1 7,213,920 7,082,133 7,123,127 8.5 8,386,538 Non-Agency RMBS (E) 
 609,282 609,282 Jan-23 to Oct-27 6.5 1.1 14,824,678 946,631 946,197 7.1 656,874 SFR Properties (E) 
 4,677 4,677 Dec-24 7.1 2.0 N/A 7,765 7,765 NA 158,515 Total Secured Financing Agreements 11,260,242 11,257,736 5.0 0.4 20,592,884 Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Excess MSRs (H) 
 227,596 227,596 Aug-25 3.7 2.6 67,454,370 260,828 317,146 6.1 237,835 MSRs (I) 
 4,800,001 4,791,543 Mar-23 to Nov-27 6.1 2.4 532,218,484 6,811,636 8,833,825 6.9 4,234,771 Servicer Advance Investments (J) 
 319,276 318,445 Aug-23 to Mar-24 6.5 1.2 341,628 392,749 398,820 8.4 355,722 Servicer Advances (J) 
 2,364,757 2,361,259 Feb-23 to Nov-26 4.1 1.1 2,847,234 2,825,485 2,825,485 0.7 2,355,969 Residential Mortgage Loans (K) 
 770,897 769,988 May-24 to Jul-43 5.4 1.9 775,314 791,534 791,534 28.5 802,526 Consumer Loans (L) 
 330,772 299,498 Sep-37 2.1 3.3 330,397 343,947 363,725 3.5 458,580 SFR Properties 863,029 817,695 Mar-23 to Sep-27 3.6 3.8 N/A 963,547 963,547 N/A 199,407 Mortgage Loans Receivable 524,062 512,919 Jul 26 to Dec-26 5.4 3.8 569,486 569,486 569,486 0.6 Total Secured Notes and Bonds Payable 10,200,390 10,098,943 5.2 2.2 8,644,810 Total/Weighted Average 21,460,632 21,356,679 5.1 1.2 29,237,694 
 (A) Net of deferred financing costs. 
 (B) All debt obligations with a stated maturity through the date of issuance were refinanced, extended or repaid. 
 (C) Includes approximately 80.5 million of associated interest payable as of December 31, 2022. 
 (D) All fixed interest rates. 
 (E) All LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (F) Includes 278.6 million which bear interest at an average fixed interest rate of 5.1 with the remaining having LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (G) All LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (H) Includes 227.6 million of corporate loans which bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 3.7 . 
 (I) Includes 3.0 billion of MSR notes which bear interest equal to the sum of (i) a floating rate index equal to one-month LIBOR or SOFR, and (ii) a margin ranging from 2.5 to 3.3 ; and 1.8 billion of capital market notes with fixed interest rates ranging 3.0 to 5.4 . The outstanding face amount of the collateral represents the UPB of the residential mortgage loans underlying the MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables securing these notes. 
 (J) 1.2 billion face amount of the notes has a fixed rate while the remaining notes bear interest equal to the sum of (i) a floating rate index equal to one-month LIBOR or a cost of funds rate, as applicable, and (ii) a margin ranging from 1.2 to 3.3 . Collateral includes Servicer Advance Investments, as well as servicer advances receivable related to the MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables owned by NRM. 
 (K) Represents (i) 20.9 million of SAFT 2013-1 mortgage-backed securities issued with fixed interest rate of 3.7 and (ii) 750.0 million securitization backed by a revolving warehouse facility to finance newly originated first-lien, fixed- and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans which bears interest equal to one-month LIBOR plus 1.1 . 
 (L) Includes the SpringCastle debt, comprising the following classes of asset-backed notes held by third parties: 277.7 million UPB of Class A notes with a coupon of 2.0 and a stated maturity date in September 2037 and 53.0 million UPB of Class B notes with a coupon of 2.7 and a stated maturity date in September 2037 (collectively, SCFT 2020-A ). 
 
 Certain of the debt obligations included above are obligations of our consolidated subsidiaries, which own the related collateral. In some cases, such collateral is not available to other creditors of ours. 
 
 We have margin exposure on 11.3 billion of repurchase agreements. To the extent that the value of the collateral underlying these repurchase agreements declines, we may be required to post margin, which could significantly impact our liquidity. 
 
 97 

The following tables provide additional information regarding our short-term borrowings (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Outstanding 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Average Daily Amount Outstanding (A) 
 Maximum Amount Outstanding Weighted Average Daily Interest Rate Secured Financing Agreements Agency RMBS 6,821,788 8,375,629 13,403,573 1.7 Non-Agency RMBS 609,282 629,973 1,029,016 4.1 Residential mortgage loans 2,193,864 4,876,095 11,699,794 3.3 Secured Notes and Bonds Payable MSRs 742,000 779,137 1,147,000 4.9 Servicer advances 1,390,196 1,135,011 1,987,002 2.5 SFR properties 133,790 146,152 177,494 2.8 Total/Weighted Average 11,890,920 15,941,997 29,443,879 2.4 
 (A) Represents the average for the period the debt was outstanding. 
 
 Average Daily Amount Outstanding (A) 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Secured Financing Agreements Agency RMBS 8,408,051 8,200,636 7,886,950 9,015,478 Non-Agency RMBS 615,830 613,057 266,365 646,092 Residential mortgage loans 1,726,716 3,610,003 5,274,925 7,481,741 
 
 Average Daily Amount Outstanding (A) 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Secured Financing Agreements Agency RMBS 8,789,698 10,098,123 15,169,877 13,833,811 Non-Agency RMBS 711,931 715,802 724,014 806,260 Residential mortgage loans 8,497,137 4,879,365 4,622,809 4,552,293 Real estate owned 5,609 9,923 19,294 2,282 
 (A) Represents the average for the period the debt was outstanding. 
 
 Corporate Debt 
 
 On September 16, 2020, we, as borrower, completed a private offering of 550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.250 senior unsecured notes due 2020 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). Interest on the 2025 Senior Notes accrue at the rate of 6.250 per annum with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on April 15, 2021. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately 544.5 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. 
 
 The 2025 Senior Notes mature on October 15, 2025 and we may redeem some or all of the 2025 Senior Notes at our option, at any time from time to time, on or after October 15, 2022 at a price equal to the following fixed redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes to be redeemed): 
 Year Price 2022 103.125 2023 101.563 2024 and thereafter 100.000 
 98 

Prior to October 15, 2022, we were entitled at our option on one or more occasions to redeem the 2025 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes originally issued prior to the applicable redemption date at a fixed redemption price of 106.250 . 
 
 We may from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding 2025 Senior Notes, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 
 For additional information on our debt activities, see Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 
 Rithm Capital has outstanding repurchase agreements with terms that generally conform to the terms of the standard master repurchase agreement published by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association as to repayment, margin requirements and segregation of all securities sold under any repurchase transactions. In addition, each counterparty typically requires additional terms and conditions to the standard master repurchase agreement, including changes to the margin maintenance requirements, required haircuts, purchase price maintenance requirements, requirements that all controversies related to the repurchase agreement be litigated in a particular jurisdiction and cross default provisions. These provisions may differ by counterparty and are not determined until Rithm Capital engages in a specific repurchase transaction. 
 
 Servicer Advance Notes Payable (the Servicer Advance Notes 
 
 Following their revolving period, principal will be paid on the Servicer Advance Notes to the extent of available funds and in accordance with the priorities of payments set forth in the related transaction documents. The following table sets forth information regarding these revolving periods as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Servicer Advance Note Amount Revolving Period Ends (A) 
 605,352 August 2023 600,000 September 2023 1,065,293 March 2024 4,168 July 2024 2,274,813 
 (A) On the earlier of this date or the occurrence of an early amortization event or a target amortization event. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an early amortization event or a target amortization event, there is either an interest rate increase on the Servicer Advance Notes, a rapid amortization of the Servicer Advance Notes or an acceleration of principal repayment, or all of the foregoing. 
 
 The early amortization and target amortization events under the Servicer Advance Notes include (i) the occurrence of an event of default under the transaction documents, (ii) failure to satisfy an interest coverage test, (iii) the occurrence of any servicer default or termination event for pooling and servicing agreements representing 15 or more (by mortgage loan balance as of the date of termination) of all the pooling and servicing agreements related to the purchased basic fee subject to certain exceptions, (iv) failure to satisfy a collateral performance test measuring the ratio of collected advance reimbursements to the balance of advances, (v) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, failure to satisfy minimum tangible net worth requirements for the applicable servicer, the Buyer or Rithm Capital, (vi) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, failure to satisfy minimum liquidity requirements for the applicable servicer and the Buyer, (vii) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, failure to satisfy leverage tests for the applicable servicer, the Buyer or Rithm Capital, (viii) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, a change of control of the Buyer or Rithm Capital, (ix) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, a change of control of the applicable servicer, (x) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, the failure of the applicable servicer to maintain minimum servicer ratings, (xi) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, certain judgments against the Buyer or certain other subsidiaries of Rithm Capital in excess of certain thresholds, (xii) for certain Servicer Advance Notes, payment default under, or an acceleration of, other debt of the Buyer or certain other subsidiaries of Rithm Capital, (xiii) failure to deliver certain reports, and (xiv) material breaches of any of the transaction documents. 
 
 Certain of the Servicer Advance Notes accrue interest based on a floating rate of interest. Servicer advances and deferred servicing fees are non-interest bearing assets. The interest obligations in respect of certain of the Servicer Advance Notes are 
 99 

not supported by any interest rate hedging instrument or arrangement. If the applicable index rate for purposes of determining the interest rates on the Servicer Advance Notes rises, there may not be sufficient collections on the servicer advances and deferred servicing fees and a target amortization event or an event of default could occur in respect of certain Servicer Advance Notes. This could result in a partial or total loss on our investment. 
 
 Maturities 
 
 Our debt obligations as of December 31, 2022, as summarized in Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, had contractual maturities as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ending Nonrecourse (A) 
 Recourse (B) 
 Total 2023 1,359,547 11,464,276 12,823,823 2024 2,143,523 1,865,962 4,009,485 2025 2,017,629 2,017,629 2026 1,798,784 1,798,784 2027 and thereafter 1,080,910 280,000 1,360,910 4,583,980 17,426,651 22,010,631 
 (A) Includes secured notes and bonds payable of 4.6 billion. 
 (B) Includes Secured Financing Agreements and Secured Notes and Bonds Payable of 11.2 billion and 6.2 billion, respectively. 
 
 The weighted average differences between the fair value of the assets and the face amount of available financing for the Agency RMBS repurchase agreements (including amounts related to receivables for investments sold) and Non-Agency RMBS repurchase agreements were 4.2 and 35.6 , respectively, and for residential mortgage loans and SFR were 13.8 and 39.8 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Borrowing Capacity 
 
 The following table summarizes our borrowing capacity as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Debt Obligations / Collateral Borrowing Capacity Balance Outstanding Available Financing (A) 
 Secured Financing Agreements Residential mortgage loans and REO 4,284,838 1,978,037 2,306,801 Loan origination 12,461,331 1,851,134 10,610,197 Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Excess MSRs 286,380 227,596 58,784 MSRs 5,806,207 4,800,001 1,006,207 Servicer advances 3,245,669 2,684,033 561,636 Residential mortgage loans 290,714 224,504 66,210 26,375,139 11,765,305 14,609,835 
 (A) Although available financing is uncommitted, our unused borrowing capacity is available to us if we have additional eligible collateral to pledge and meet other borrowing conditions as set forth in the applicable agreements, including any applicable advance rate. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 Certain of the debt obligations are subject to customary loan covenants and event of default provisions, including event of default provisions triggered by certain specified declines in our equity or failure to maintain a specified tangible net worth, liquidity, or indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio. Additionally, with the expected phase out of LIBOR, we expect the calculated rate on certain debt obligations will be changed to another published reference standard before the planned cessation of LIBOR quotations in 2023. However, we do not anticipate this change having a significant effect on the terms and conditions, ability to access credit, or on our financial condition. We were in compliance with all of our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 100 

Stockholders Equity 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, we are authorized to designate and issue up to 100.0 million shares of preferred stock, par value of 0.01 per share, in one or more classes or series. 
 
 The following table summarizes our preferred shares: 
 Number of Shares Liquidation Preference (A) 
 Dividends Declared per Share December 31, Year Ended December 31, Series 2022 2021 2022 2021 Issuance Discount Carrying Value (B) 
 2022 2021 2020 Series A, 7.50 issued July 2019 (C) 
 6,200 6,210 155,002 155,250 3.15 149,822 1.88 1.88 1.88 Series B, 7.125 issued August 2019 (C) 
 11,261 11,300 281,518 282,500 3.15 272,654 1.78 1.78 1.78 Series C, 6.375 issued February 2020 (C) 
 15,903 16,100 397,584 402,500 3.15 385,289 1.59 1.59 1.60 Series D, 7.00 issued September 2021 (D) 
 18,600 18,600 465,000 465,000 3.15 449,489 1.75 0.72 Total 51,964 52,210 1,299,104 1,305,250 1,257,254 7.00 5.97 5.26 
 (A) Each series has a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share. 
 (B) Carrying value reflects par value less discount and issuance costs. 
 (C) Fixed-to-floating rate cumulative redeemable preferred. 
 (D) Fixed-rate reset cumulative redeemable preferred. 
 
 Our Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D rank senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us that expressly indicate are subordinated to the Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Our Series A, Series B, Series C, and Series D have no stated maturity, are not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption and rank on parity with each other. Under certain circumstances upon a change of control, our Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D are convertible to shares of our common stock. 
 
 From and including the date of original issue, July 2, 2019, August 15, 2019, February 14, 2020, and September 17, 2021 but excluding August 15, 2024, August 15, 2024, February 15, 2025, and November 15, 2026, holders of shares of our Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at a rate of 7.50 , 7.125 , 6.375 , and 7.00 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share (equivalent to 1.875, 1.781, 1.594, and 1.750 per annum per share), respectively, and from and including August 15, 2024, August 15, 2024 and February 15, 2025, at a floating rate per annum equal to the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 5.802 , 5.640 , and 4.969 per annum, for our Series A, Series B and Series C, respectively. Holders of shares of our Series D, from and including November 15, 2026, are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends based on the five-year treasury rate plus a spread of 6.223 . Dividends for the Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the 15th day of each February, May, August and November. 
 
 The Series A and Series B will not be redeemable before August 15, 2024, the Series C will not be redeemable before February 15, 2025, and the Series D will not be redeemable before November 15, 2026, except under certain limited circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and except upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations). On or after August 15, 2024 for the Series A and Series B, February 15, 2025 for the Series C and November 15, 2026 for the Series D, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days written notice, redeem the Series A, Series B, Series C, and Series D in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 
 
 We may from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding preferred stock, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. 
 
 Additionally, with the expected phase out of LIBOR in 2023, we do not currently intend to amend our any of our 7.50 Series A-, 7.125 Series B- or 6.375 Series C- Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the existing USD-LIBOR cessation fallback language. Consequently, higher interest rates on dividends paid on our preferred stock that reset to floating rates would adversely affect our cash flows. 
 
 101 

Common Stock 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes 2.0 billion shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 On April 14, 2021, we priced our underwritten public offering of 45,000,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 10.10 per share. In connection with the offering, we granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 6,750,000 shares of common stock at a price of 10.10 per share. On April 16, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 6,725,000 shares of common stock. The offering closed on April 19, 2021. To compensate the Former Manager for its successful efforts in raising capital for us, we granted options to the Former Manager relating to 5.2 million shares of Rithm Capital s common stock at 10.10 per share. We used the net proceeds of approximately 512.0 million from the offering, along with cash on hand and other sources of liquidity, to finance the Caliber acquisition (see Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 On September 14, 2021, we priced our underwritten public offering of 17,000,000 of our 7.00 fixed-rate reset series D cumulative redeemable preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately 449.5 million. The offering closed on September 17, 2021. In connection with the offering, we granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional 2,550,000 shares of preferred stock at a price of 24.2125 per share. On September 22, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional 1,600,000 shares of preferred stock. To compensate the Former Manager for its successful efforts in raising capital for us, we granted options to the Former Manager relating to approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock at 10.89 per share. 
 
 On August 5, 2022, we entered into a Distribution Agreement to sell shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the ATM Shares ), having an aggregate offering price of up to 500.0 million, from time to time, through an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ). No share issuances were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In December 2022, in order to continue the existing share repurchase program, which was set to expire on December 31, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 200.0 million of our common stock and 100.0 million of our preferred stock through December 31, 2023. Repurchases may be made at any time and from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, by means of one or more tender offers, or otherwise, in each case, as permitted by securities laws and other legal and contractual requirements. The amount and timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of our shares, trading volume, capital availability, our performance and general economic and market conditions. The share repurchase programs may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 245,878 shares of preferred stock for approximately 5.2 million. 
 
 The following table summarizes outstanding options as of December 31, 2022: 
 Held by the Former Manager 21,471,990 Issued to the Former Manager and subsequently assigned to certain of the Former Manager s employees Issued to the independent directors 5,000 Total 21,476,990 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, outstanding options had a weighted average exercise price of 13.84. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our accumulated other comprehensive income changed due to the following factors (in thousands): 
 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Balance at December 31, 2021 
 90,253 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net (52,602) Reclassification of realized (gain) loss on available-for-sale securities, net into net income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 37,651 
 102 

Activity with accumulated other comprehensive income reflect changes in the fair value of our real estate and other securities portfolio. The change in fair value is primarily associated with changes in interest rates and credit spreads during the reporting period. 
 
 See Market Considerations above for a further discussion of recent trends and events affecting our unrealized gains and losses as well as our liquidity. 
 
 Common Dividends 
 
 We are organized and intend to conduct our operations to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We intend to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of our common stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its taxable income. We intend to make regular quarterly distributions of our taxable income to holders of our common stock out of assets legally available for this purpose, if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors. Before we pay any dividend, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, we must first meet both our operating requirements and debt service on our repurchase agreements and other debt payable. If our cash available for distribution is less than our taxable income, we could be required to sell assets or raise capital to make cash distributions or we may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 
 
 We make distributions based on a number of factors, including an estimate of taxable earnings per common share. Dividends distributed and taxable and GAAP earnings will typically differ due to items such as fair value adjustments, differences in premium amortization and discount accretion, other differences in method of accounting, non-deductible general and administrative expenses, taxable income arising from certain modifications of debt instruments and investments held in TRSs. Our quarterly dividend per share may be substantially different than our quarterly taxable earnings and GAAP earnings per share. 
 
 We will continue to monitor market conditions and the potential impact the ongoing volatility and uncertainty may have on our business. Our board of directors will continue to evaluate the payment of dividends as market conditions evolve, and no definitive determination has been made at this time. While the terms and timing of the approval and declaration of cash dividends, if any, on shares of our capital stock is at the sole discretion of our board of directors and we cannot predict how market conditions may evolve, we intend to distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90 of our REIT taxable income determined before applying the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net capital gains consistent with our intention to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes changes to our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash for the periods presented: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) Beginning of period cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 1,528,442 1,080,473 447,969 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 6,874,063 2,883,872 3,990,191 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 198,253 2,306,253 (2,108,000) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (6,983,124) (4,742,156) (2,240,968) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 89,192 447,969 (358,777) End of period cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 1,617,634 1,528,442 89,192 
 
 103 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities were approximately 6.9 billion and 2.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating cash inflows for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of proceeds from sales and principal repayments of purchased residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, servicing fees received and net interest income received. Operating cash outflows primarily consisted of purchases of residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, loan originations, management fees and termination fees paid to the Former Manager, compensation and benefits, general and administrative expenses, and subservicing fees paid. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities were 0.2 billion and 2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Investing activities primarily consisted of cash paid for SFR properties, purchases of real estate securities, and funding of servicer advance investments, net of principal repayments from servicer advance investments, proceeds from sales and principal repayments of real estate securities, and derivative cash flows. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities were approximately 7.0 billion and 4.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Financing activities consisted primarily of borrowings net of repayments under debt obligations, margin deposits net of returns, and payment of dividends. 

INTEREST RATE, CREDIT AND SPREAD RISK 
 
 We are subject to interest rate, credit and spread risk with respect to our investments. These risks are further described in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 We have material off-balance sheet arrangements related to our non-consolidated securitizations of residential mortgage loans treated as sales in which we retained certain interests. We believe that these off-balance sheet structures presented the most efficient and least expensive form of financing for these assets at the time they were entered, and represented the most common market-accepted method for financing such assets. Our exposure to credit losses related to these non-recourse, off-balance sheet financings is limited to 0.9 billion. As of December 31, 2022, there was 12.0 billion in total outstanding unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans underlying such securitization trusts that represent off-balance sheet financings. 
 
 We are party to mortgage loan participation purchase and sale agreements, pursuant to which we have access to uncommitted facilities that provide liquidity for recently sold MBS up to the MBS settlement date. These facilities, which we refer to as gestation facilities, are a component of our financing strategy and are off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 TBA dollar roll transactions represent a form of off-balance sheet financing accounted for as derivative instruments. In a TBA dollar roll transaction, we do not intend to take physical delivery of the underlying agency MBS and will generally enter into an offsetting position and net settle the paired-off positions in cash. However, under certain market conditions, it may be uneconomical for us to roll our TBA contracts into future months and we may need to take or make physical delivery of the underlying securities. If we were required to take physical delivery to settle a long TBA contract, we would have to fund our total purchase commitment with cash or other financing sources and our liquidity position could be negatively impacted. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any other commitments or obligations, including contingent obligations, arising from arrangements with unconsolidated entities or persons that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements or capital resources. 
 
 104 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following material contractual obligations: 
 Contract Terms Debt Obligations Secured Financing Agreements Described under Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Described under Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Unsecured Senior Notes Described under Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Contractual Obligations Lease Liability Described under Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Interest Rate Swaps Described under Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 See Notes 23 and 27 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding commitments and material contracts entered into subsequent to December 31, 2022, if any. As described in Note 23, we have committed to purchase certain future servicer advances. The actual amount of future advances is subject to significant uncertainty. However, we currently expect that net recoveries of servicer advances will exceed net fundings for the foreseeable future. This expectation is based on judgments, estimates and assumptions, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty as further described in Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Servicer Advance Investments. In addition, the Consumer Loan Companies have invested in loans with an aggregate of 214.4 million of unfunded and available revolving credit privileges as of December 31, 2022. However, under the terms of these loans, requests for draws may be denied and unfunded availability may be terminated at management s discretion. Lastly, Genesis had commitments to fund up to 823.8 million of additional advances on existing mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022. These commitments are generally subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding the financial performance of the customer and other terms regarding advances that must be met before Genesis funds the commitment. 

INFLATION 
 
 Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. As a result, interest rates and other factors affect our performance more so than inflation, although inflation rates can often have a meaningful influence over the direction of interest rates. Furthermore, our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP and our distributions are determined by our board of directors primarily based on our taxable income, and, in each case, our activities and balance sheet are measured with reference to historical cost and/or fair market value without considering inflation. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market based risks. The primary market risks that we are exposed to are interest rate risk, mortgage basis spread risk, prepayment rate risk, and credit risk. These risks are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. All of our market risk sensitive assets, liabilities and derivative positions (other than TBAs) are for non-trading purposes only. For a further discussion of how market risk may affect our financial position or results of operations, please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Changes in interest rates, including changes in expected interest rates or yield curves, affect our investments in various ways, the most significant of which are discussed below. 
 
 105 

Fair Value Impact 
 
 Changes in the level of interest rates also affect the yields required by the marketplace on interest rate instruments. Increasing interest rates would decrease the value of the fixed rate assets we hold at the time because higher required yields result in lower prices on existing fixed rate assets in order to adjust their yield upward to meet the market. 
 
 Changes in unrealized gains or losses resulting from changes in market interest rates do not directly affect our cash flows, or our ability to pay a dividend, to the extent the related assets are expected to be held and continue to perform as expected, as their fair value is not relevant to their underlying cash flows. Changes in unrealized gains or losses would impact our ability to realize gains on existing investments if they were sold. Furthermore, with respect to changes in unrealized gains or losses on investments which are carried at fair value, changes in unrealized gains or losses would impact our net book value and, in certain cases, our net income. 
 
 Changes in interest rates can also have ancillary impacts on our investments. Generally, in a declining interest rate environment, residential mortgage loan prepayment rates increase which in turn would cause the value of MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs and the rights to the basic fee components of MSRs to decrease, because the duration of the cash flows we are entitled to receive becomes shortened, and the value of loans and Non-Agency RMBS to increase, because we generally acquired these investments at a discount whose recovery would be accelerated. With respect to a significant portion of our MSRs, we have recapture agreements, as described in Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. These recapture agreements help to protect these investments from the impact of increasing prepayment rates. In addition, to the extent that the loans underlying our MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs and the rights to the basic fee components of MSRs are well-seasoned with credit-impaired borrowers who may have limited refinancing options, we believe the impact of interest rates on prepayments would be reduced. Conversely, in an increasing interest rate environment, prepayment rates decrease which in turn would cause the value of MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs and the rights to the basic fee components of MSRs to increase and the value of loans and Non-Agency RMBS to decrease. To the extent we do not hedge against changes in interest rates, our balance sheet, results of operations and cash flows would be susceptible to significant volatility due to changes in the fair value of, or cash flows from, our investments as interest rates change. However, rising interest rates could result from more robust market conditions, which could reduce the credit risk associated with our investments. The effects of such a decrease in values on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity are discussed below under Prepayment Rate Exposure. 
 
 Changes in the value of our assets could affect our ability to borrow and access capital. Also, if the value of our assets subject to short term financing were to decline, it could cause us to fund margin, or repay debt, and affect our ability to refinance such assets upon the maturity of the related financings, adversely impacting our rate of return on such investments. 
 
 We are subject to margin calls on our secured financing agreements. Furthermore, we may, from time to time, be a party to derivative agreements or financing arrangements that are subject to margin calls, or mandatory repayment, based on the value of such instruments. We seek to maintain adequate cash reserves and other sources of available liquidity to meet any margin calls, or required repayments, resulting from decreases in value related to a reasonably possible (in our opinion) change in interest rates but there can be no assurance that our cash reserves will be sufficient. 
 
 In addition, changes in interest rates may impact our ability to exercise our call rights and to realize or maximize potential profits from them. A significant portion of the residential mortgage loans underlying our call rights bear fixed rates and may decline in value during a period of rising market interest rates. Furthermore, rising rates could cause prepayment rates on these loans to decline, which would delay our ability to exercise our call rights. These impacts could be at least partially offset by potential declines in the value of Non-Agency RMBS related to the call rights, which could then be acquired more cheaply, and in credit spreads, which could offset the impact of rising market interest rates on the value of fixed rate loans to some degree. Conversely, declining interest rates could increase the value of our call rights by increasing the value of the underlying loans. 
 
 We believe our consumer loan investments generally have limited interest rate sensitivity given that our portfolio is mostly composed of very seasoned loans with credit-impaired borrowers who are paying fixed rates, who we believe are relatively unlikely to change their prepayment patterns based on changes in interest rates. 
 
 We believe our business purpose loan investments generally have limited interest rate sensitivity given that our portfolio is mostly composed of short duration mortgage loans. 
 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including fiscal and monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political considerations, as well as other factors beyond our control. 
 
 106 

The interest rates on our secured financing agreements, as well as adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our securitizations, are generally based on LIBOR, which is subject to national, international, and other regulatory guidance for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted with precision. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the rates on our secured financing facilities, securitizations or residential loans held for longer-term investment. If LIBOR is discontinued or is no longer quoted, the applicable base rate used to calculate interest on our repurchase agreements will be determined using alternative methods. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the ARRC, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, started replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with SOFR. It is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition away from LIBOR at the same time, and it is possible that not all of our assets and liabilities will transition to the same alternative reference rate, in each case increasing the difficulty of hedging. We and other market participants have less experience understanding and modeling SOFR-based assets and liabilities than LIBOR-based assets and liabilities, increasing the difficulty of investing, hedging, and risk management. The process of transition involves operational risks. It is also possible that no transition will occur for many financial instruments. Any additional changes announced by the regulators or any other successor governance or oversight body, or future changes adopted by such body, in the method pursuant to which reference rates are determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported reference rates. If that were to occur, the level of interest payments we incur may change. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Changes in banks inter-bank lending rate reporting practices or how the method pursuant to which LIBOR is determined may adversely affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR. 
 
 The table below provides comparative estimated changes in our book value based on a parallel shift in the yield curve (assuming an unchanged mortgage basis) including changes in our book value resulting from potential related changes in discount rates. 
 Estimated Change in Book Value (in millions) Interest rate change (bps) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 +50bps +403.4 +488.5 +25bps +203.3 +253.6 -25bps -203.3 -253.6 -50bps -411.5 -519.8 
 
 Mortgage Basis Spread Risk 
 
 Mortgage basis measures the spread between the yield on current coupon mortgage backed securities and benchmark rates including treasuries and swaps. The level of mortgage basis is driven by demand and supply of mortgage backed instruments relative to other rate-sensitive assets. Changes in the mortgage basis have an impact on prepayment rates driven by the ability of borrowers underlying our portfolio to refinance. A lower mortgage basis would imply a lower mortgage rate which would increase prepayment speeds due to higher refinance activity and, therefore, lower fair value of our mortgage portfolio. The mortgage basis is also correlated with other spread products such as corporate credit, and in the crisis of the last decade it was at a generational wide not seen before or since. 
 
 The table below provides comparative estimated changes in our book value based on changes in mortgage basis. 
 Estimated Change in Book Value (in millions) Mortgage basis change (bps) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 +20bps +0.9 +145.4 +10bps +0.6 +76.5 -10bps -0.6 -76.5 -20bps -1.8 -157.9 
 
 Prepayment Rate Exposure 
 
 Prepayment rates significantly affect the value of MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs, the basic fee component of MSRs (which we own as part of our Servicer Advance Investments), Non-Agency RMBS and loans, including consumer loans. Prepayment rate is the measurement of how quickly borrowers pay down the UPB of their loans or how quickly loans are otherwise brought current, modified, liquidated or charged off. The price we pay to acquire certain investments will be based on, among other things, our projection of the cash flows from the related pool of loans. Our 
 107 

expectation of prepayment rates is a significant assumption underlying those cash flow projections. If the fair value of MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs or the basic fee component of MSRs decreases, we would be required to record a non-cash charge, which would have a negative impact on our financial results. Furthermore, a significant increase in prepayment rates could materially reduce the ultimate cash flows we receive from MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs or our right to the basic fee component of MSRs, and we could ultimately receive substantially less than what we paid for such assets. Conversely, a significant decrease in prepayment rates with respect to our loans or RMBS could delay our expected cash flows and reduce the yield on these investments. 
 
 We seek to reduce our exposure to prepayment through the structuring of our investments. For example, in our MSR and Excess MSR investments, we seek to enter into recapture agreements whereby our MSR or Excess MSR is retained if the applicable servicer or subservicer originates a new loan the proceeds of which are used to repay a loan underlying an MSR or Excess MSR in our portfolio. We seek to enter into such recapture agreements in order to protect our returns in the event of a rise in voluntary prepayment rates. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with our assets. Credit risk refers to the ability of each individual borrower underlying our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, Excess MSRs, Servicer Advance Investments, securities and loans to make required interest and principal payments on the scheduled due dates. If delinquencies increase, then the amount of servicer advances we are required to make will also increase, as would our financing cost thereof. We may also invest in loans and Non-Agency RMBS which represent first loss pieces; in other words, they do not benefit from credit support although we believe they predominantly benefit from underlying collateral value in excess of their carrying amounts. We do not expect to encounter credit risk in our Agency RMBS, and we do anticipate credit risk related to Non-Agency RMBS, residential mortgage loans and consumer loans. 
 
 We seek to reduce credit risk through prudent asset selection, actively monitoring our asset portfolio and the underlying credit quality of our holdings and, where appropriate and achievable, repositioning our investments to upgrade their credit quality. Our pre-acquisition due diligence and processes for monitoring performance include the evaluation of, among other things, credit and risk ratings, principal subordination, prepayment rates, delinquency and default rates, and vintage of collateral. 
 
 For our MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, and Excess MSRs on Agency collateral and our Agency RMBS, delinquency and default rates have an effect similar to prepayment rates. Our Excess MSRs on Non-Agency portfolios are not directly affected by delinquency rates because the servicer continues to advance principal and interest until a default occurs on the applicable loan, so delinquencies decrease prepayments therefore having a positive impact on fair value, while increased defaults have an effect similar to increased prepayments. For our Non-Agency RMBS and loans, higher default rates can lead to greater loss of principal. For our call rights, higher delinquencies and defaults could reduce the value of the underlying loans, therefore reducing or eliminating the related potential profit. 
 
 Market factors that could influence the degree of the impact of credit risk on our investments include (i) unemployment and the general economy, which impact borrowers ability to make payments on their loans, (ii) home prices, which impact the value of collateral underlying residential mortgage loans, (iii) the availability of credit, which impacts borrowers ability to refinance, and (iv) other factors, all of which are beyond our control. 
 
 Liquidity Risk 
 
 The assets that comprise our asset portfolio are generally not publicly traded. A portion of these assets may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise be less liquid than publicly-traded securities. The illiquidity of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises, including in response to changes in economic and other conditions. 
 
 108 

Investment Specific Sensitivity Analyses 
 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated change in fair value of our interests in the Agency MSRs, owned as of December 31, 2022 given several parallel shifts in the discount rate, prepayment rate and delinquency rate (dollars in thousands): 
 Fair value at December 31, 2022 
 6,022,266 Discount rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 6,465,226 6,236,108 5,822,299 5,634,990 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 442,960 213,842 (199,967) (387,276) Percentage 7.4 3.6 (3.3) (6.4) Prepayment rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 6,315,071 6,162,026 5,902,317 5,788,848 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 292,805 139,760 (119,949) (233,418) Percentage 4.9 2.3 (2.0) (3.9) Delinquency rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 6,114,811 6,072,475 5,964,450 5,899,718 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 92,545 50,209 (57,816) (122,548) Percentage 1.5 0.8 (1.0) (2.0) 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated change in fair value of our interests in the Non-Agency MSRs, including MSR Financing Receivables, owned as of December 31, 2022 given several parallel shifts in the discount rate, prepayment rate and delinquency rate (dollars in thousands): Fair value at December 31, 2022 
 794,459 Discount rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 848,320 820,578 769,838 746,602 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 53,861 26,119 (24,621) (47,857) Percentage 6.8 3.3 (3.1) (6.0) Prepayment rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 821,546 806,823 784,780 774,700 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 27,087 12,364 (9,679) (19,759) Percentage 3.4 1.6 (1.2) (2.5) Delinquency rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 819,091 807,392 780,436 765,497 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 24,632 12,933 (14,023) (28,962) Percentage 3.1 1.6 (1.8) (3.6) 
 109 

The following table summarizes the estimated change in fair value of our interests in the Ginnie Mae MSRs, owned as of December 31, 2022 given several parallel shifts in the discount rate, prepayment rate and delinquency rate (dollars in thousands): 
 Fair value at December 31, 2022 
 2,072,678 Discount rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 2,235,342 2,150,948 1,999,920 1,932,140 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 162,664 78,270 (72,758) (140,538) Percentage 7.8 3.8 (3.5) (6.8) Prepayment rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 2,186,119 2,126,528 2,022,729 1,976,292 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 113,441 53,850 (49,949) (96,386) Percentage 5.5 2.6 (2.4) (4.7) Delinquency rate shift in -20 -10 10 20 Estimated fair value 2,249,518 2,165,307 1,972,937 1,867,606 Change in estimated fair value: Amount 176,840 92,629 (99,741) (205,072) Percentage 8.5 4.5 (4.8) (9.9) 
 
 Each of the preceding sensitivity analyses is hypothetical and should be used with caution. In particular, the results are calculated by stressing a particular economic assumption independent of changes in any other assumption; in practice, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which might counteract or amplify the sensitivities. Also, changes in the fair value based on a 10 variation in an assumption generally may not be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. 
 
 110 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 112 
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 115 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 116 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 117 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 118 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 119 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 122 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 123 
 Signatures 216 
 
 All schedules have been omitted because either the required information is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto or it is not applicable. 
 111 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

112 

Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Rights Financing Receivables 
 Description of the Matter The Company invests in Mortgage Servicing Rights and Mortgage Servicing Rights Financing Receivables (collectively MSRs totaling 8,889 million as of December 31, 2022 as included in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company records MSRs at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value recognized in the income statement. These fair value estimates are based on valuation techniques used to estimate future cash flows that incorporate significant unobservable assumptions. As included in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, MSRs are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Auditing management s fair value of MSRs and related changes in fair value was complex because the valuation is driven by significant assumptions, including discount rates and prepayment rates, that are judgmental and are unobservable in nature. Additionally, selecting and applying audit procedures to address the estimation uncertainty involves auditor subjectivity and industry-specific knowledge of MSRs including the current market conditions considered by a market participant. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls addressing the valuation of MSRs. For example, we tested controls over management s review of significant assumptions, including discount rates and prepayment speeds, against historical results and available market information. Additionally, we tested controls over management s review of internally developed fair values in comparison to independent fair value ranges that management obtained from independent valuation firms to evaluate the reasonableness of the fair values developed by the Company. We also tested management s controls over model functionality and the completeness and accuracy of objective inputs used in the valuations. 
 
 In order to test the valuation of MSRs, our audit procedures included involving an internal valuation specialist to evaluate the reasonableness of significant assumptions, identify potential sources of contrary information, and independently develop a range of fair value for the MSRs based on consideration of available market information and compare management s estimates to our ranges. We also tested the accuracy and completeness of model objective inputs and evaluated the competence and objectivity of management s independent valuation firms. We evaluated the Company s fair value disclosures included in Note 20 for consistency with US GAAP. 

113 

Valuation of Residential Mortgage Loans 
 Description of the Matter The Company holds residential mortgage loans RMLs which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis or, for those measured at the lower of cost or fair value, are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. As included in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, RMLs with a carrying value of 815 million as of December 31, 2022 are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Auditing management s fair value of the RMLs classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy was complex because observable trade data to determine fair value is not readily available. Additionally, selecting and applying audit procedures to address the estimation uncertainty involved auditor subjectivity and industry-specific knowledge of RMLs including the current market conditions considered by a market participant. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls addressing the valuation of RMLs. This included testing management s controls over the review of valuations against available market information, the functionality of the valuation models, and the completeness and accuracy of objective inputs (e.g., loan level data) used in the valuations. 
 
 In order to test the valuation of RMLs, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the accuracy and completeness of model objective inputs and involving an internal valuation specialist to independently develop a range of fair value for a sample of loan pools and compare management s estimates to our ranges. We developed the ranges based on collateral characteristics of the pools selected for testing and consideration of available market information. We also performed a sensitivity analysis on certain assumptions to evaluate the changes in fair value of the RMLs resulting from changes in the assumptions. We evaluated the Company s fair value disclosures included in Note 20 for consistency with US GAAP. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

February 16, 2023 
 
 114 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 February 16, 2023 
 115 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Mortgage servicing rights and mortgage servicing rights financing receivables, at fair value (A) 
 Real estate and other securities Residential loans and variable interest entity consumer loans, held-for-investment, at fair value (A) 
 Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale and at fair value, respectively) 
 Single-family rental properties, held-for-investment Mortgage loans receivable, at fair value Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase (B) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (A) 
 Restricted cash (A) 
 Servicer advances receivable Receivable for investments sold Other assets (A) 
 Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Secured financing agreements (A) 
 Secured notes and bonds payable and at fair value, respectively) (A) 
 Residential mortgage loan repurchase liability (B) 
 Unsecured senior notes, net of issuance costs Payable for investments purchased Due to affiliates Dividends payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities (A) 
 Commitments and Contingencies Equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, and aggregate liquidation preference, respectively 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Rithm Capital stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated subsidiaries Total Equity 
 (A) billion and billion, respectively, and total liabilities of consolidated VIEs were billion and billion, respectively. See Note 21 for further details. 
 (B) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 116 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Servicing fee revenue, net and interest income from MSRs and MSR financing receivables Change in fair value of MSRs and MSR financing receivables 
 (includes realization of cash flows of ), ) and ), respectively) 
 ) ) Servicing revenue, net ) Interest income Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net Expenses Interest expense and warehouse line fees General and administrative Compensation and benefits Management fee to affiliate Termination fee to affiliate Other income (loss) Change in fair value of investments, net ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Net income (loss) per share of common stock Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share of common stock 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 117 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net ) Reclassification of net realized (gain) loss on available-for-sale securities, net into net income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred stock Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 118 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total New Residential Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Equity of Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Capital distributions ) ) Repurchases of preferred stock ) ) ) ) Cashless exercise of 2020 Warrants ) Director share grants and non-cash stock-based compensation Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 

119 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY, CONTINUED 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total New Residential Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Equity of Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Capital distributions ) ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of preferred stock Purchase of non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Director share grants Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net Reclassification of realized (gain) loss on available-for-sale securities, net into net income ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 

120 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY, CONTINUED 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total New Residential Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests in Equity of Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 Cumulative adjustment for the adoption of ASU 2016-13 
 2020 Warrants Dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) ) Capital contributions Capital distributions ) ) Issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Director share grants Comprehensive income (loss) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net Reclassification of realized (gain) loss on available-for-sale securities, net into net income ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 121 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in fair value of investments, net ) ) Change in fair value of equity investments ) Change in fair value of secured notes and bonds payable ) ) (Gain) loss on settlement of investments, net (Gain) loss on sale of originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net ) ) ) (Gain) loss on transfer of loans to REO ) ) ) Accretion and other amortization ) ) ) Provision (reversal) for credit losses on securities, loans and real estate owned ) Non-cash portions of servicing revenue, net ) Deferred tax provision Mortgage loans originated and purchased for sale, net of fees ) ) ) Sales proceeds and loan repayment proceeds for residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale Interest received from servicer advance investments, RMBS, loans and other Changes in: Servicer advances receivable, net ) Other assets Due to affiliates ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Business acquisitions, net of cash required ) Purchase of servicer advance investments ) ) ) Purchase of MSRs, MSR financing receivables and servicer advances receivable ) ) ) Purchase of RMBS ) ) ) Purchase of residential mortgage loans ) Purchase of SFR properties, real estate owned and other assets ) ) ) Draws on revolving consumer loans ) ) ) Net settlement of derivatives ) ) Return of investments in Excess MSRs Principal repayments from servicer advance investments Principal repayments from RMBS Principal repayments from residential mortgage loans Principal repayments from consumer loans Principal repayments from MSRs and MSR financing receivables Proceeds from sale of MSRs and MSR financing receivables Proceeds from sale of RMBS Proceeds from sale of residential mortgage loans Proceeds from sale of real estate owned Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

122 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Financing Activities Repayments of secured financing agreements ) ) ) Repayments of warehouse credit facilities ) ) ) Net settlement of margin deposits under repurchase agreements and derivatives ) Repayments of secured notes and bonds payable ) ) ) Deferred financing fees ) ) ) Dividends paid on common and preferred stock ) ) ) Borrowings under secured financing agreements Borrowings under warehouse credit facilities Borrowings under secured notes and bonds payable Issuance of common and preferred stock Repurchase of common and preferred stock ) ) Noncontrolling interest in equity of consolidated subsidiaries - distributions ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, End of Period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Dividends declared but not paid on common and preferred stock Transfer from residential mortgage loans to real estate owned and other assets Real estate securities retained from loan securitizations Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase Purchase of Agency RMBS, settled after quarter-end Cashless exercise of 2020 Warrants (par) Warrants issued with term loan Purchase of investments, primarily Agency and Non-Agency RMBS, settled after year end Sale of investments, primarily Agency RMBS settled after year end MSR purchase price holdback ) Seller financing in Genesis acquisition 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

123 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 1. 
 
 million (subject to certain adjustments). Following the Internalization, the Company no longer pays a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. Refer to Note 26 for further discussion. 
 
 Rithm Capital is a Delaware corporation that was formed as a limited liability company in September 2011 (commenced operations on December 8, 2011) for the purpose of making real estate related investments. Rithm Capital is an independent publicly traded REIT primarily focused on providing capital and services to the mortgage and financial services industries. Rithm Capital s investment portfolio is composed of mortgage servicing related assets (full and excess MSRs and servicer advances), residential securities (and associated call rights), loans, and single family rental properties. Rithm Capital s investments in operating entities include leading origination and servicing platforms held through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Newrez LLC Newrez and Caliber Home Loans Inc. Caliber (together with Newrez, Mortgage Company ), and Genesis Capital LLC Genesis ), as well as investments in affiliated businesses that provide mortgage related services. 

Rithm Capital, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries New Residential Mortgage LLC NRM and the Mortgage Company, is licensed or otherwise eligible to service residential mortgage loans in all states within the U.S. and the District of Columbia. NRM and the Mortgage Company are also approved to service mortgage loans on behalf of investors, including the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac (collectively, Government Sponsored Enterprises or GSEs and, in the case of the Mortgage Company, Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ). The Mortgage Company is also eligible to perform servicing on behalf of other servicers (subservicing) and investors. 
 
 The Mortgage Company originates, sells and securitizes conventional (conforming to the underwriting standards of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; collectively referred to as Agency loans), government-insured Federal Housing Administration FHA and Department of Veterans Affairs VA ), and U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA and non-qualified Non-QM residential mortgage loans. The GSEs or Ginnie Mae guarantee securitizations are completed under their applicable policies and guidelines. Rithm Capital generally retains the right to service the underlying residential mortgage loans sold and securitized by the Mortgage Company. NRM and the Mortgage Company are required to conduct aspects of their operations in accordance with applicable policies and guidelines published by FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. 
 
 Genesis is a lender specializing in providing capital to developers of new construction, fix and flip, and rental hold projects across the residential spectrum (including single family, multi-family and production home building). Genesis supports the Company s growing single-family rental strategy. 
 
 124 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

2. 

125 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

126 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

127 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

128 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 129 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

130 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

years. 
 
 SFR properties are continuously monitored to assess whether there have been any events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount may be impaired and not recoverable. Significant indicators of impairment may include, but are not limited to, declines in home values, rental rates and occupancy percentages, as well as significant changes in the economy. To the extent an event or change in circumstance is identified, an SFR property is considered to be impaired only if its carrying value cannot be recovered through estimated future undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the property. To the extent an impairment has occurred, the carrying amount is adjusted to its estimated fair value. Impairment charges are included in Other Income (Loss) in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Under ASC 842, Leases , an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses is not permitted. Rather, when collectability is not deemed probable, the Company writes-off the tenant s receivables and limits lease income to cash received. 
 
 Revenues associated with SFR properties consist of rents collected under lease agreements, net of any concessions and bad debt (including write-offs, credit reserves, and uncollectible amounts) and other income, including tenant reimbursements for utilities and other charge-backs such as late fees and non-refundable deposits. Leases typically have a term of one to two years. Rental revenues are included in Other Income in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 All of the Company s SFR properties are managed by an external property manager. 
 131 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

132 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

recognize any impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Rithm Capital did recognize any impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

133 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

134 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Series A-, Series B-, Series C- Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock. The Company's financing arrangements either have provisions in place that provide for an alternative to LIBOR upon its phase-out or contain maturities of one year or less and therefore would mature prior to the phase out of LIBOR in June 2023. In addition, the Company has amended terms of certain financing arrangements, where necessary, to transition or direct the transition to an alternative benchmark. Interest rate swaps will experience an orderly market transition prior to the cessation of LIBOR, although the Company has begun transitioning its interest rate swap portfolio away from LIBOR benchmarks. The Company does not currently intend to amend the Series A-, Series B-, Series C- Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock to change the existing USD-LIBOR cessation fallback language. 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Topic 470) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Topic 815) . The standard simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models. A convertible debt instrument will generally be reported as a single liability at its amortized cost with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. The standard also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity s own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, the new guidance eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings per share for convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. ASU 2020-06 was effective for Rithm Capital beginning on January 1, 2022. The adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The standard requires entities to recognize and measure contract assets and 
 135 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

136 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 3. 
 
 Assets Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Mortgage loans receivable, at fair value Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Servicer advance receivable Intangible assets (A)(B) 
 Other assets Total Assets Acquired Liabilities Secured financing agreements Secured notes and bonds payable Residential mortgage loans repurchase liability Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities Assumed Net Assets Goodwill (bargain purchase gain) ) 
 (A) Includes intangible assets acquired as part of the Caliber acquisition in the form of purchased technology and trade name/trademarks. These intangibles are being amortized over a finite life of up to . 
 (B) Includes intangible assets acquired as part of the Genesis acquisition in the form of customer relationships, trade name and a license. Customer relationships and the trade name are being amortized over a finite life of and , respectively. Rithm Capital has determined that the license has an indefinite useful life. 
 
 Acquisition of Caliber Home Loans Inc. 
 
 On April 14, 2021, Rithm Capital entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with LSF Pickens Holdings, LLC LSF ), a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Lone Star Funds, and Caliber, a leading mortgage originator and servicer and then-wholly owned subsidiary of LSF. The SPA provided that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Company or one of its subsidiaries will purchase all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Caliber 
 137 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 billion in cash. 
 
 At acquisition, Rithm Capital recognized a bargain purchase gain of approximately million and the amount is grouped and presented as part of Other Income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The bargain purchase gain was primarily driven by differences in Caliber s projected net income versus actuals between the period of Caliber acquisition announcement and its closing. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a million measurement period adjustment related to certain return to provision adjustments which increased the total bargain purchase gain to million. 
 
 The estimate of fair value of assets and liabilities required the use of significant assumptions and estimates. Critical estimates included, but were not limited to, future expected cash flows, including projected revenues and expenses, and the applicable discount rates. These estimates were based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 The results of Caliber s operations have been included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the date of the acquisition and represent million of revenue and million of net income. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs are expensed in the period incurred. Rithm Capital recognized million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs are grouped and presented within General and Administrative Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Intangible assets consist of purchased technology and trademarks/trade names. Rithm Capital amortizes intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives. The weighted average life of the total acquired identifiable intangible assets is years. 
 Trademarks/trade names Total identifiable intangible assets 
 
 138 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Assets Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Servicer advance receivable Intangible assets Other assets (A) 
 Total Assets Acquired Liabilities Secured financing agreements Secured notes and bonds payable Residential mortgage loans repurchase liability Accrued expenses and other liabilities (A) 
 Total Liabilities Assumed Net Assets Goodwill (bargain purchase gain) ) ) ) 
 (A) The adjustments to Other assets and Accrued expenses and other liabilities primarily reflect the impact on deferred tax assets and related liabilities attributable to certain return to provision adjustments. 
 
 Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information reflects, among others, financing adjustments, amortization of intangibles, and transactions costs. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information has not been adjusted to reflect all conforming of accounting policies. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information does not include any anticipated synergies or other anticipated benefits of the Caliber acquisition and, accordingly, the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results that might have been 
 139 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 of the outstanding interest of Genesis, a leading mortgage loan lender, along with a related portfolio of loans, from affiliates of Goldman Sachs. Cash consideration for the Genesis acquisition totaled approximately billion. 
 
 The Company recognized goodwill of approximately million related to the Genesis acquisition and primarily relates to anticipated synergies, the value of the assembled workforce and intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition at the time of the acquisition. Goodwill is reflected within the Mortgage Loans Receivable reporting segment and the amount is grouped and presented as part of Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchased goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes over 15 years. Rithm Capital will assess the goodwill annually during the fourth quarter and in interim periods in case of events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. 
 
 The estimate of fair value of assets and liabilities required the use of significant assumptions and estimates. Critical estimates included, but were not limited to, future expected cash flows and the applicable discount rates. These estimates were based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 The results of Genesis s operations have been included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 from the date of the acquisition and represent million of revenue and million of net income. 
 
 Acquisition-related costs are expensed in the period incurred. Rithm Capital recognized million of acquisition-related costs that were expensed for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs are grouped and presented within General and Administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Intangible assets consist of customer relationships, trade name, and license. Rithm Capital amortizes finite-lived customer relationships and trade name intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives. Rithm Capital has determined that the license has an indefinite useful life. The weighted average life of the total acquired identifiable intangible assets is years. 
 Trade name License Indefinite Total identifiable intangible assets 
 
 Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information reflects, among others, amortization of intangibles and transactions costs. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information has not been adjusted to reflect all conforming of accounting policies. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information does not include any anticipated synergies or other anticipated benefits of the Genesis acquisition and, accordingly, the unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results that might have been achieved had the Genesis acquisition occurred on January 1, 2020, the beginning of the earliest period presented. 
 140 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

4. 
 
 Change in fair value of MSRs and MSR financing receivables (includes realization of cash flows of )) 
 Servicing revenue, net Interest income Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net ) Total revenues Interest expense G A and other Total operating expenses Change in fair value of investments ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) Total other income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) 
 (A) Includes elimination of intercompany transactions of million primarily related to loan sales. 
 141 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Goodwill Total assets Debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Total equity ) Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated subsidiaries Total Rithm Capital stockholders equity ) Investments in equity method investees 
 
 Origination and Servicing Residential Securities, Properties and Loans Origination Servicing MSR Related Investments Total Origination and Servicing (A) 
 Real Estate Securities Properties and Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Mortgage Loans Receivable Corporate Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Servicing fee revenue, net and interest income from MSRs and MSR financing receivables ) Change in fair value of MSRs and MSR financing receivables (includes realization of cash flows of )) 
 ) ) ) ) Servicing revenue, net ) Interest income Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net ) Total revenues Interest expense G A and other Total operating expenses Change in fair value of investments ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) Total other income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries ) Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) (A) Includes elimination of intercompany transactions of million primarily related to loan sales. 
 142 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Goodwill Total assets Debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Total equity ) Noncontrolling interests in equity of consolidated subsidiaries Total Rithm Capital stockholders equity ) Investments in equity method investees 
 
 Origination and Servicing Residential Securities, Properties and Loans Origination Servicing MSR Related Investments Total Origination and Servicing (A) 
 Real Estate Securities Properties and Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loans Mortgage Loans Receivable Corporate Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Servicing fee revenue, net and interest income from MSRs and MSR financing receivables ) Change in fair value of MSRs and MSR financing receivables (includes realization of cash flows of )) 
 ) ) ) ) Servicing revenue, net ) ) ) ) ) Interest income Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net ) Total revenues ) ) Interest expense G A and other Total operating expenses Change in fair value of investments ) ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) ) ) ) ) ) Total other income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (A) Includes elimination of intercompany transactions of million primarily related to loan sales. 
 143 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Residential whole loans Third party Other fees Ancillary and other fees (A) 
 Change in fair value due to: Realization of cash flows ) ) ) Change in valuation inputs and assumptions and other ) Total servicing fees 
 ) Servicing data unpaid principal balance UPB (period end) (in millions) UPB MSR assets UPB Residential whole loans UPB Third party 
 
 144 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 5. 
 
 Excess MSR Joint Ventures Excess mortgage servicing rights assets, at fair value 
 
 Direct Investments in Excess MSRs 
 
 Interest income Other income Proceeds from repayments ) Proceeds from sales ) Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Interest income Other income Proceeds from repayments ) Proceeds from sales ) Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Underlying loans serviced by Mr. Cooper and Specialized Loan Servicing LLC SLS ). 
 
 Mr. Cooper or SLS, as applicable, as servicer performs all of the servicing and advancing functions, and retains the ancillary income, servicing obligations and liabilities as the servicer of the underlying loans in the portfolio. 
 
 Rithm Capital has entered into a recapture agreement with respect to each of the direct Excess MSR investments serviced by Mr. Cooper and SLS. Under such arrangements, Rithm Capital is generally entitled to a pro rata interest in the Excess MSRs on any refinancing by Mr. Cooper of a loan in the original portfolio. These recapture agreements do not apply to Rithm Capital s Servicer Advance Investments (Note 7). 

145 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2021 UPB of Underlying Mortgages Interest in Excess MSR Weighted Average Life Years (A) 
 Amortized Cost Basis Carrying Value (B) 
 Rithm Capital (C)(D) 
 Fortress-managed funds Mr. Cooper 

(A) Represents the weighted average expected timing of the receipt of expected cash flows for this investment. 
 (B) Carrying value represents the fair value of the pools and recapture agreements, as applicable. 
 (C) Amounts in parentheses represent weighted averages. 
 (D) Rithm Capital is also invested in related Servicer Advance Investments, including the basic fee component of the related MSR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Note 7) on billion and billion UPB, respectively, underlying these Excess MSRs. 
 
 Changes in fair value of investments consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Original and Recaptured Pools ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted average discount rates of (range of and (range of ), respectively, were used to value Rithm Capital s investments in Excess MSRs (directly and through equity method investees). 
 
 Excess MSR Joint Ventures 
 
 Rithm Capital entered into investments in joint ventures Excess MSR joint ventures jointly controlled by Rithm Capital and Fortress-managed funds investing in Excess MSRs. 
 
 146 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Other assets Other liabilities ) ) Equity Rithm Capital s investment Rithm Capital s percentage ownership 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Other income (loss) ) ) ) Expenses ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity of investments in equity method investees: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period Contributions (distributions) to equity method investees Distributions of capital from equity method investees ) ) Change in fair value of investments in equity method investees Balance at end of period 

December 31, 2021 Unpaid Principal Balance Investee Interest in Excess MSR (A) 
 Rithm Capital Interest in Investees Amortized Cost Basis (B) 
 Carrying Value (C) 
 Weighted Average Life (Years) (D) 
 Agency Original and recaptured pools 
 (A) The remaining interests are held by Mr. Cooper. 
 (B) Represents the amortized cost basis of the equity method investees in which Rithm Capital holds a interest. 
 (C) Represents the carrying value of the Excess MSRs held in equity method investees, in which Rithm Capital holds a interest. Carrying value represents the fair value of the pools, as applicable. 
 (D) Represents the weighted average expected timing of the receipt of cash flows of each investment. 
 
 147 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 6. 
 
 Caliber acquisition (Note 3) Purchases, net (A) 
 Originations (B) 
 Proceeds from sales ) Change in fair value due to: Realization of cash flows (C) 
 ) Change in valuation inputs and assumptions (Gain) loss realized Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Purchases, net (A) 
 ) Originations (B) 
 Proceeds from sales ) Change in fair value due to: Realization of cash flows (C) 
 ) Change in valuation inputs and assumptions (Gain) loss realized Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Net of purchase price adjustments and purchase price fully reimbursable from MSR sellers as a result of prepayment protection. 
 (B) Represents MSRs retained on the sale of originated residential mortgage loans. 
 (C) Based on the paydown of the underlying residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Ancillary and other fees Servicing fee revenue and fees, net Change in fair value due to: Realization of cash flows (A) 
 ) ) ) Change in valuation inputs and assumptions (B) 
 ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments ) ) (Gain) loss realized Gain (loss) on settlement of derivative instruments ) ) Servicing revenue, net ) 
 (A) Includes million and million of fair value adjustment due to realization of cash flows to excess spread financing for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (B) Includes million and million of fair value adjustment due to changes in valuation inputs and assumptions to excess spread financing for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 148 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Non-Agency Ginnie Mae (c) 
 Total 2021 Agency Non-Agency Ginnie Mae (c) 
 Total/Weighted Average 
 (A) Represents the weighted average expected timing of the receipt of expected cash flows for this investment. 
 (B) Represents fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted average discount rates of (range of and (range of ), respectively, were used to value Rithm Capital s MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, respectively. 
 billion and billion in residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase and the related residential mortgage loans repurchase liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans Subject to Repurchase 
 
 Rithm Capital, through its wholly owned subsidiaries as approved issuers of Ginnie Mae MBS, originates and securitizes government-insured residential mortgage loans. As the issuer of the Ginnie Mae-guaranteed securitizations, Rithm Capital has the unilateral right to repurchase loans from the securitizations when they are delinquent for more than 90 days. Loans in forbearance that are three or more consecutive payments delinquent are included as delinquent loans permitted to be repurchased. Under GAAP, Rithm Capital is required to recognize the right to loans on its balance sheet and establish a corresponding liability upon the triggering of the repurchase right regardless of whether Rithm Capital intends to repurchase the loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Rithm Capital holds approximately billion and billion, respectively, in residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase and residential mortgage loans repurchase liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Rithm Capital may re-pool repurchased loans into new Ginnie Mae securitizations upon re-performance of the loan or otherwise sell to third-party investors. The Company does not change the accounting for MSRs related to previously sold loans upon recognizing loans eligible for repurchase. Rather, upon repurchase of a loan, the MSR is written off. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Rithm Capital holds approximately billion and billion, respectively, of reacquired residential mortgage loans and is reflected in Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, at Fair Value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Ocwen MSR Financing Receivable Transactions 
 
 In July 2017, Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC (collectively with certain affiliates, Ocwen and Rithm Capital entered into an agreement in which both parties agreed to undertake certain actions to facilitate the transfer from Ocwen to Rithm Capital of Ocwen s remaining interests in the MSRs relating to loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of approximately billion and with respect to which Rithm Capital already held certain rights Rights to MSRs ). Ocwen and Rithm Capital concurrently entered into a subservicing agreement pursuant to which Ocwen agreed to subservice the residential mortgage loans related to the MSRs that were transferred to Rithm Capital. 
 
 In January 2018, Ocwen sold and transferred to Rithm Capital certain Rights to MSRs and other assets related to mortgage servicing rights for loans with an unpaid principal balance of approximately billion. PHH (as successor by merger to Ocwen) will continue to service the residential mortgage loans related to the MSRs until any necessary third-party consents to transferring the MSRs are obtained and all other conditions to transferring the MSRs are satisfied. 
 149 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

billion UPB of underlying loans. Although legally sold and entitled to the economics of the transfer, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , with respect to MSRs representing approximately billion and billion UPB of underlying loans, respectively, it was determined for accounting purposes that substantially all of the risks and rewards inherent in owning the MSRs had not been transferred to Newrez and therefore are not treated as a sale under GAAP and are classified as MSR financing receivables. 
 
 Florida Texas New York Washington New Jersey Virginia Maryland Illinois Georgia Other U.S. 
 
 Geographic concentrations of investments expose Rithm Capital to the risk of economic downturns within the relevant states. Any such downturn in a state where Rithm Capital holds significant investments could affect the underlying borrower s ability to make mortgage payments and therefore could have a meaningful, negative impact on the MSRs. 
 
 150 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 billion and billion, respectively. Rithm Capital earned subservicing revenue of million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to subserviced loans which is included within Servicing Revenue, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 NRM engages third party licensed mortgage servicers as subservicers and, in relation to certain MSR purchases, including to perform the operational servicing duties, including recapture activities, in connection with the MSRs it acquires, in exchange for a subservicing fee which is recorded as Subservicing Expense and reflected as part of General and Administrative expenses in Rithm Capital s Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2022, these subservicers include PHH, Mr. Cooper, LoanCare, Valon and Flagstar, which subservice , , , and , respectively, of the MSRs held by Rithm Capital. The remaining of the underlying UPB of the related mortgages is subserviced by the Mortgage Company (Note 1). 
 
 Servicer Advances Receivable 
 
 In connection with Rithm Capital s ownership of MSRs, the Company assumes the obligation to serve as a liquidity provider to initially fund servicer advances on the underlying pool of mortgages (Note 23) it services. These servicer advances are recorded when advanced and are included in Servicer Advances Receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Escrow advances (taxes and insurance advances) Foreclosure advances Total (A)(B)(C) 
 
 (A) Includes million and million of servicer advances receivable related to Agency MSRs, respectively, recoverable either from the borrower or the Agencies. 
 (B) Includes million and million of servicer advances receivable related to Ginnie Mae MSRs, respectively, recoverable from either the borrower or Ginnie Mae. Expected losses for advances associated with Ginnie Mae loans in the MSR portfolio are considered in the MSR fair valuation through a non reimbursable advance loss assumption. 
 (C) Excludes million and million, respectively, in unamortized advance discount and reserves, net of accruals for advance recoveries. These reserves relate to inactive loans in the foreclosure or liquidation process. 
 
 Rithm Capital s Servicer Advances Receivable related to Non-Agency MSRs generally have the highest reimbursement priority pursuant to the underlying servicing agreements (i.e., top of the waterfall and Rithm Capital is generally entitled to repayment from respective loan or REO liquidation proceeds before any interest or principal is paid on the bonds that were issued by the trust. In the majority of cases, advances in excess of respective loan or REO liquidation proceeds may be recovered from pool-level proceeds. Furthermore, to the extent that advances are not recoverable by Rithm Capital as a result of the subservicer s failure to comply with applicable requirements in the relevant servicing agreements, Rithm Capital has a contractual right to be reimbursed by the subservicer. For advances on loans that have been liquidated, sold, paid in full or modified, the Company has reserved million and million for expected non-recovery of advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

151 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Caliber acquisition (Note 3) Provision Write-offs ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Provision Write-offs ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 See Note 19 regarding the financing of MSRs and Servicer Advances Receivable. 

7. 
 
 interest in the Buyer as of December 31 2020. In July 2021, Rithm Capital entered into a purchase and sales agreement with certain third-party co-investors whereby Rithm Capital agreed to purchase from certain third-party co-investors approximately of aggregate interest in the Buyer, increasing Rithm Capital s ownership of the Buyer to approximately as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, third-party co-investors, owning the remaining interest in the Buyer, have funded capital commitments to the Buyer of million and Rithm Capital has funded capital commitments to the Buyer of million. The Buyer may call capital up to the commitment amount on unfunded commitments and recall capital to the extent the Buyer makes a distribution to the co-investors, including Rithm Capital. As of December 31, 2022, the noncontrolling third-party co-investors and Rithm Capital had previously funded their commitments, however, the Buyer may recall million and million of capital distributed to the third-party co-investors and Rithm Capital, respectively. Neither the third-party co-investors nor Rithm Capital is obligated to fund amounts in excess of their respective capital commitments, regardless of the capital requirements of the Buyer. 
 
 The Buyer has purchased servicer advances from Mr. Cooper, is required to purchase all future servicer advances made with respect to this portfolio of loans from Mr. Cooper, and receives cash flows from advance recoveries and the basic fee component of the related MSRs, net of compensation paid back to Mr. Cooper in consideration of Mr. Cooper s servicing activities. The compensation paid to Mr. Cooper as of December 31, 2022 was approximately of the basic fee component of the related MSRs plus a performance fee that represents a portion (up to of the cash flows in excess of those required for the Buyer to obtain a specified return on its equity. 
 
 Rithm Capital has determined that the Buyer is a VIE. See Note 21 for information regarding the assets and liabilities related to this consolidated VIE. 
 
 Rithm Capital also acquired a portion of the call rights related to this portfolio of loans. 
 
 152 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 December 31, 2021 Servicer Advance Investments 
 (A) Represents the fair value of the Servicer Advance Investments, including the basic fee component of the related MSRs. 
 (B) Represents the weighted average expected timing of the receipt of expected net cash flows for this investment. 
 
 The following table provides additional information regarding the Servicer Advance Investments and related financing: 
 UPB of Underlying Residential Mortgage Loans Outstanding Servicer Advances Servicer Advances to UPB of Underlying Residential Mortgage Loans Face Amount of Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Loan-to-Value LTV (A) 
 Cost of Funds (C) 
 Gross Net (B) 
 Gross Net December 31, 2022 Servicer Advance Investments (D) 
 December 31, 2021 Servicer Advance Investments (D) 
 
 (A) Based on outstanding servicer advances, excluding purchased but unsettled servicer advances. 
 (B) Ratio of face amount of borrowings to par amount of servicer advance collateral, net of any general reserve. 
 (C) Annualized measure of the cost associated with borrowings. Gross cost of funds primarily includes interest expense and facility fees. Net cost of funds excludes facility fees. 
 (D) The following table summarizes the types of advances included in Servicer Advance Investments: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Principal and interest advances Escrow advances (taxes and insurance advances) Foreclosure advances Total 
 
 Amounts attributable to basic servicer compensation ) ) ) Amounts attributable to incentive servicer compensation ) ) Interest income from servicer advance investments 
 
 See Note 19 regarding the financing of Servicer Advance Investments. 
 
 153 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 8. 
 
 N/A Non-Agency (F)(G) 
 ) RMBS measured at fair value through net income (FVO): Agency (E) 
 ) N/A Non-Agency (F)(G) 
 ) Total/ Weighted Average ) December 31, 2021 Gross Unrealized Weighted Average Outstanding Face Amount Gains Losses Carrying Value (A) 
 Number of Securities Coupon (B) 
 Yield Life (Years) (C) 
 Principal Subordination (D) 
 RMBS designated as available for sale (AFS): Agency (E) 
 N/A Non-Agency (F)(G) 
 ) RMBS measured at fair value through net income (FVO): Agency (E) 
 ) N/A Non-Agency (F)(G) 
 ) Total/ Weighted Average ) 
 (A) Fair value is equal to carrying value for all securities. 
 (B) Excludes residual bonds, and certain other Non-Agency bonds, with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, for which no coupon payment is expected. 
 (C) Based on the timing of expected principal reduction on the assets. 
 (D) Percentage of the amortized cost basis of securities that is subordinate to Rithm Capital s investments, excluding fair value option securities. 
 (E) The total outstanding face amount was billion and billion for fixed rate securities and and for floating rate securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (F) The total outstanding face amount was billion (including billion of residual and fair value option notional amount) and billion (including billion of residual and fair value option notional amount) for fixed rate securities and billion (including billion of residual and fair value option notional amount) and billion (including billion of residual and fair value option notional amount) for floating rate securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (G) Includes other asset backed securities ABS consisting primarily of (i) interest-only securities and servicing strips which Rithm Capital elected to carry at fair value (fair value option securities) and record changes to valuation through the income statement, (ii) bonds backed by consumer loans and (iii) corporate debt. The following table summarizes these securities: 
 154 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Consumer loan bonds N/A N/A Fair value option securities Interest-only securities ) Servicing strips ) December 31, 2021 Corporate Debt Consumer loan bonds N/A N/A Fair value option securities Interest-only securities ) Servicing strips ) 
 
 The following table summarizes purchases and sales of Real Estate and Other Securities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Agency Non-Agency Agency Non-Agency Purchases Face Purchase price Sales Face Amortized cost Sale price Gain (loss) on sale ) ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital had purchased million face amount of Agency RMBS for million and sold million face amount of Agency RMBS for million which had not yet been settled. There were unsettled trades as of December 31, 2021. Unsettled purchases and sales are recorded on a trade date basis and grouped and presented within Payable for Investments Purchased and Receivable for Investments Sold on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Rithm Capital has exercised its call rights with respect to Non-Agency RMBS trusts and purchased performing and non-performing residential mortgage loans and REO contained in such trusts prior to their termination. In certain cases, Rithm Capital sold portions of the purchased loans through securitizations, and retained bonds issued by such securitizations. In addition, Rithm Capital received par on the securities issued by the called trusts which it owned prior to such trusts termination. Refer to Notes 9 and 24 for further details on these transactions. 
 
 Unrealized losses attributable to credit impairment associated with securities designated as AFS are recognized in net income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Rithm Capital recorded a credit impairment of million, a reversal of credit impairment of million and a credit impairment of million, respectively. Any remaining unrealized losses on Rithm Capital s securities were primarily the result of changes in market factors, rather than issuer-specific credit impairment. Rithm Capital performed analyses in relation to such securities, using its best estimate of cash flows, which support its belief that the carrying values of such securities were fully recoverable over their expected holding period. Rithm Capital has no intent to sell, and is not more likely than not to be required to sell, these securities. 
 
 155 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 ) ) 12 or More Months 
 ) Total/Weighted Average 
 ) ) 
 (A) Represents credit impairment on securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Rithm Capital performed an assessment of all RMBS designated as AFS that are in an unrealized loss position (an unrealized 
 loss position exists when a security s amortized cost basis, excluding the effect of credit impairment, exceeds its fair value) and 
 determined the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Gross Unrealized Losses Gross Unrealized Losses RMBS Designated as AFS Fair Value Amortized Cost Basis After Credit Impairment Credit (A) 
 Non-Credit (B) 
 Fair Value Amortized Cost Basis After Credit Impairment Credit (A) 
 Non-Credit (B) 
 Securities Rithm Capital intends to sell Securities Rithm Capital is more likely than not to be required to sell (C) 
 Securities Rithm Capital has no intent to sell and is not more likely than not to be required to sell: Credit impaired securities ) ) ) Non-credit impaired securities ) ) Total debt securities in an unrealized loss position ) ) ) ) 
 (A) Required to be recorded through earnings. In measuring the portion of credit losses, Rithm Capital estimates the expected cash flow for each of the securities. This evaluation included a review of the credit status and the performance of the collateral supporting those securities, including the credit of the issuer, key terms of the securities and the effect of local, industry and broader economic trends. Significant inputs in estimating the cash flows included Rithm Capital s expectations of prepayment rates, default rates and loss severities. Credit losses were measured as the decline in the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the security s effective interest rate. 
 (B) Represents unrealized losses on securities that are due to non-credit factors. 
 (C) Rithm Capital may, at times, be more likely than not to be required to sell certain securities for liquidity purposes. While the amount of the securities to be sold may be an estimate, and the securities to be sold have not yet been identified, Rithm Capital must make its best estimate, which is subject to significant judgment regarding future events, and may differ materially from actual future sales. 
 
 156 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Additions to the allowance for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded 
 Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchases of available-for-sale debt securities accounted for as purchased financial assets with credit deterioration 
 Reductions for securities sold during the period 
 ) ) Reductions in the allowance for credit losses because the entity intends to sell the security or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis 
 Additional increases (decreases) to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had credit losses or an allowance recorded in a previous period 
 ) ) Write-offs charged against the allowance 
 Recoveries of amounts previously written off 
 Allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities at December 31, 2021 
 Additions to the allowance for credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded 
 Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchases of available-for-sale debt securities accounted for as purchased financial assets with credit deterioration 
 Reductions for securities sold during the period 
 Reductions in the allowance for credit losses because the entity intends to sell the security or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis 
 Additional increases (decreases) to the allowance for credit losses on securities that had credit losses or an allowance recorded in a previous period 
 Write-offs charged against the allowance 
 Recoveries of amounts previously written off 
 Allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities at December 31, 2022 

Rithm Capital evaluates the credit quality of its real estate securities, as of the acquisition date, for evidence of credit quality deterioration. As a result, Rithm Capital identified a population of real estate securities for which it was determined that it was probable that Rithm Capital would be unable to collect all contractually required payments. 
 
 157 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 December 31, 2021 
 
 Additions Accretion ) ) Reclassifications from (to) non-accretable difference ) Disposals ) Ending balance 
 See Note 19 regarding the financing of Real Estate and Other Securities. 
 
 158 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 9. 
 
 Acquired performing loans (C) 
 Acquired non-performing loans (D) 
 Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at lower of cost or market Acquired performing loans (C)(E) 
 Acquired non-performing loans (D)(E) 
 Originated loans Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Total residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value/lower of cost or market 
 (A) For loans classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, the weighted average life is based on the expected timing of the receipt of cash flows. For Level 2 loans, the weighted average life is based on the contractual term of the loan. 
 (B) Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value is grouped and presented as part of Residential Loans and Variable Interest Entity Consumer Loans, Held-for-Investment, at Fair Value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (C) Performing loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest is 90 days or more past due. 
 (D) As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital has placed non-performing loans, held-for-sale on nonaccrual status, except as described in (E) below. 
 (E) Includes million and million UPB of Ginnie Mae EBO performing and non-performing loans, respectively, on accrual status as contractual cash flows are guaranteed by the FHA. 
 
 159 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 California Texas New York Washington Georgia New Jersey Illinois Indiana Maryland Other U.S. 
 
 See Note 19 regarding the financing of residential mortgage loans. 
 
 ) ) 
 
 Call Rights 
 
 Rithm Capital has executed calls with respect to Non-Agency RMBS trusts and purchased performing and non-performing residential mortgage loans and REO assets contained in such trusts prior to their termination. In certain cases, Rithm Capital sold portions of the purchased loans through securitizations, and retained bonds issued by such securitizations. In addition, Rithm Capital received par on the securities issued by the called trusts which it owned prior to such trusts termination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital executed calls on a total of trusts and recognized interest income on securities held in the collapsed trusts and million of gain on securitizations accounted for as sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Rithm Capital executed calls on a total of trusts and recognized million of interest income on securities held in the collapsed trusts and million of gain on securitizations accounted for as sales. Refer to Note 24 for transactions with affiliates. 

160 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Caliber acquisition (Note 3) Originations Sales ) ) ) Purchases/additional fundings Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) ) Transfer of loans to other assets (A) 
 ) Transfer of loans to real estate owned ) ) ) ) Valuation provision on loans Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) ) Other factors Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Originations Sales ) ) ) Purchases/additional fundings Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) ) Transfer of loans to other assets (A) 
 ) ) Transfer of loans to real estate owned ) ) ) ) Transfers of loans to held-for-sale ) ) Transfers of loans to from held-for-investment Valuation provision on loans ) ) Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) ) Other factors ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Represents loans for which foreclosure has been completed and for which Rithm Capital has made, or intends to make, a claim with the governmental agency that has guaranteed the loans that are grouped and presented as part of claims receivable in Other Assets (Note 14). 
 
 Net Interest Income 

161 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Loans held-for-sale, at lower of cost or fair value Loans held-for-sale, at fair value Total interest income Interest expense: Loans held-for-investment, at fair value Loans held-for-sale, at lower of cost or fair value Loans held-for-sale, at fair value and SFR properties Total interest expense Net interest income 
 
 Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net 
 
 The Mortgage Company originates conventional, government-insured and nonconforming residential mortgage loans for sale and securitization. The GSEs or Ginnie Mae guarantee conventional and government-insured mortgage securitizations and mortgage investors issue nonconforming private label mortgage securitizations while the Mortgage Company generally retains the right to service the underlying residential mortgage loans. In connection with the transfer of loans to the GSEs or mortgage investors, Rithm Capital reports Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Gain (loss) on settlement of residential mortgage loan origination derivative instruments (B) 
 ) MSRs retained on transfer of residential mortgage loans (C) 
 Other (D) 
 Realized gain on sale of originated residential mortgage loans, net Change in fair value of residential mortgage loans ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate lock commitments (Note 18) ) ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments (Note 18) ) Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, net 
 (A) Includes residential mortgage loan origination fees of billion, billion and billion in the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (B) Represents settlement of forward securities delivery commitments utilized as an economic hedge for residential mortgage loans not included within forward loan sale commitments. 
 (C) Represents the initial fair value of the capitalized mortgage servicing rights upon loan sales with servicing retained. 
 (D) Includes fees for services associated with the residential mortgage loan origination process. 
 
 162 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 10. 
 
 of the limited liability company interests in, and consolidates, the Consumer Loan Companies. 
 
 Rithm Capital also purchased certain newly originated consumer loans from a third party Consumer Loan Seller ). These loans are not held in the Consumer Loan Companies and have been designated as performing consumer loans, held-for-investment and are grouped and presented as part of Residential Loans and Variable Interest Entity Consumer Loans Held-for-Investment, at Fair Value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Total consumer loans 
 
 See Note 19 regarding the financing of consumer loans. 
 
 90+ Total 

163 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Additional fundings (A) 
 Proceeds from repayments ) Accretion of loan discount and premium amortization, net Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additional fundings (A) 
 Proceeds from repayments ) Accretion of loan discount and premium amortization, net Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Represents draws on consumer loans with revolving privileges. 

11. 
 
 Building Capital improvements Total gross investment in SFR properties Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investment in SFR properties, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled million and million, respectively, and is included in Other Income (Loss), Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the SFR properties includes capitalized acquisition costs of million and million, respectively. 
 
 164 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Acquisitions and capital improvements Dispositions Accumulated depreciation ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Acquisitions and capital improvements Dispositions ) Accumulated depreciation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Rithm Capital generally rents its SFR properties under non-cancelable lease agreements with a term of one to . 
 2024 and thereafter Total 
 
 Acquisition of SFR units Disposition of SFR units Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Acquisition of SFR units Disposition of SFR units ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Note 19 regarding the financing of SFR Properties. 
 
 165 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 12. 
 
 15.0 / 
 Bridge 20.1 Renovation 13.0 / 
 16.5 N/A December 31, 2021 
 Construction 16.0 / 
 Bridge 14.5 
 Renovation 13.4 / 
 15.2 N/A 
 (A) Represents fair value. 
 (B) Weighted by commitment loan-to-value LTV for bridge loans, loan-to-cost LTC or loan-to-after-repair-value LTARV for construction and renovation loans. 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity for Mortgage Loans Receivables: 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 Genesis acquisition (Note 3) Initial loan advances Construction holdbacks and draws Paydowns and payoffs ) Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Initial loan advances Construction holdbacks and draws Paydowns and payoffs ) Purchased loans premium amortization ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

The Company is subject to credit risk in connection with its investments in mortgage loans. The two primary components of credit risk are default risk, which is the risk that a borrower fails to make scheduled principal and interest payments, and severity risk, which is the risk of loss upon a borrower default on a mortgage loan or other secured or unsecured loan. Severity risk includes the risk of loss of value of the property or other asset, if any, securing the loan, as well as the risk of loss associated with taking over the property or other asset, if any, including foreclosure costs. 
 
 166 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 90+ 
 
 Washington New York Other U.S. 

13. 
 
 Real estate and other securities Consumer loans SFR properties Origination and servicing Mortgage loans receivable Other Total restricted cash 
 167 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

14. 
 Margin payable Excess MSRs, at fair value (Note 5) Interest payable Servicer advance investments, at fair value (Note 6) Accounts payable Servicing fee receivables Derivative liabilities (Note 18) Principal and interest receivable Accrued compensation and benefits Equity investments (B) 
 Operating lease liabilities (Note 17) Other receivables Deferred tax liability REO Other liabilities Goodwill (Note 16) (C) 
 Notes receivable, at fair value (D) 
 Warrants, at fair value Property and equipment Intangible assets (Note 16) Prepaid expenses Operating lease right-of-use assets (Note 17) Derivative assets (Note 18) Loans receivable, at fair value (E) 
 Credit facilities receivable (F) 
 Loans in process and settlements in process (G) 
 Other assets 
 (A) Represents collateral posted as a result of changes in fair value of Rithm Capital s (i) real estate securities securing its secured financing agreements and (ii) derivative instruments. 
 (B) Represents equity investments in funds that invest in (i) a commercial redevelopment project and (ii) operating companies in the single-family housing industry. The commercial redevelopment project is accounted for at fair value based on the net asset value of Rithm Capital s investment. Equity investments also includes an investment in Covius Holding Inc. Covius ), a provider of various technology-enabled services to the mortgage and real estate industries, preferred stock in Valon Mortgage, Inc. Valon ), a residential mortgage servicing and technology company, and preferred stock in Credijusto Ltd. Covalto ), a financial services company. 
 168 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Real Estate Owned (REO) REO assets are those individual properties acquired by Rithm Capital or where Rithm Capital receives the property in satisfaction of a debt (e.g., by taking legal title or physical possession). Rithm Capital measures REO assets at the lower of cost or fair value, with valuation changes recorded in Other Income or Valuation and Credit Loss (Provision) Reversal on Loans and Real Estate Owned in the Consolidated Statements of Income. REO assets are managed for prompt sale and disposition at the best possible economic value. 
 
 Purchases Transfer of loans to REO Sales (A) 
 ) Valuation (provision) reversal Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Purchases Transfer of loans to REO Sales (A) 
 ) Valuation (provision) reversal Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Recognized when control of the property has transferred to the buyer. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital had residential mortgage loans that were in the process of foreclosure with an unpaid principal balance of million. 
 
 169 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Fundings Payment in Kind Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk Other factors ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Fundings Payment in Kind Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) Transfer to other assets ) ) Fair value adjustments due to: Changes in instrument-specific credit risk ) ) Other factors ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

) 90+ 
 
 170 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 15. 
 
 Loan origination Occupancy Subservicing Loan servicing Property and maintenance Other 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 
 ) Residential mortgage loans 
 ) ) Derivative instruments 
 ) Other (A) 
 ) ) ) Change in fair value of investments, net ) 
 (A) Includes excess MSRs, servicer advance investments, consumer loans, and other. ) ) Sale of acquired residential mortgage loans ) Settlement of derivatives ) ) Liquidated residential mortgage loans ) ) Sale of REO ) ) ) Extinguishment of debt ) ) Other ) ) ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) 
 
 171 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 ) Rental revenue Property and maintenance revenue (Provision) reversal for credit losses on securities ) ) Valuation and credit loss (provision) reversal on loans and real estate owned ) ) Other income (loss) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) 
 
 Accretion of servicer advances receivable discount and investments Accretion of excess mortgage servicing rights income Amortization of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Amortization of discount on secured notes and bonds payable ) ) Amortization of discount on corporate debt ) ) ) Total accretion and other amortization 

16. 
 
 Goodwill acquired (A) 
 Accumulated impairment loss Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Goodwill acquired (A) 
 Accumulated impairment loss Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Refer to Note 3 for discussion regarding the Genesis acquisition. 
 
 172 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 to 
 Purchased technology to 
 Trademarks / Trade names to 
 Accumulated Amortization Customer relationships Purchased technology Trademarks / Trade names Intangible Assets, Net Customer relationships Purchased technology (A) 
 Trademarks / Trade names (B) 
 
 (A) Includes indefinite-lived intangible assets of million and million, respectively. 
 (B) Includes indefinite-lived intangible assets of million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter 

17. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. The Company has leases that include renewal options and escalation clauses. The terms of the leases do not impose any financial restrictions or covenants. 

173 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total remaining undiscounted lease payments Less: imputed interest Total remaining discounted lease payments 
 
 The future commitments under the non-cancelable leases have not been reduced by the sublease rentals of million due in the future periods. 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

18. 

174 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Options on treasury futures Other assets TBAs Other assets Derivative liabilities Interest rate lock commitments Accrued expenses and other liabilities TBAs Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 (A) Net of billion and million of related variation margin accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes notional amounts related to derivatives: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Interest rate swaps (A) 
 Interest rate lock commitments TBAs, short position (B) 
 TBAs, long position (B) 
 Treasury futures Options on treasury futures 
 (A) Includes billion notional of receive LIBOR/pay fixed of and notional of receive fixed of /pay LIBOR with weighted average maturities of months and months, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Includes billion notional of receive LIBOR/pay fixed of and notional of received fixed of pay LIBOR with weighted average maturities of months and months, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 (B) Represents the notional amount of Agency RMBS, classified as derivatives. 
 
 175 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) Treasury futures ) ) Options on treasury futures ) ) ) Gain on originated residential mortgage loans, held for sale, net (A) 
 Interest rate lock commitments ) ) TBAs ) Forward loan sale commitments ) ) Change in fair value of investments (A) 
 Interest rate swaps ) TBAs ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net (B) 
 Interest rate swaps ) ) TBAs (C) 
 ) ) ) ) Total gain (loss) ) 
 (A) Represents unrealized gain (loss). 
 (B) Excludes million loss and million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included within Servicing Revenue, Net (Note 6). There was no gain or loss included within Servicing Revenue, Net for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (C) Excludes billion gain, million gain and million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included within Gain on Originated Residential Mortgage Loans, Held-for-Sale, Net (Note 9). 
 
 176 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 19. 
 
 Feb-23 to Jan-25 Warehouse Credit Facility- 
 Mortgage Loans Receivable (G) 
 Mar-23 to Dec-23 Agency RMBS (D) 
 Jan-23 to Feb-23 Non-Agency RMBS (E) 
 Jan-23 to Oct-27 SFR Properties (E) 
 Dec-24 N/A NA Total Secured Financing Agreements Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Excess MSRs (H) 
 Aug-25 MSRs (I) 
 Mar-23 to Nov-27 Servicer Advance Investments (J) 
 Aug-23 to Mar-24 Servicer Advances (J) 
 Feb-23 to Nov-26 Residential Mortgage Loans (K) 
 May-24 to Jul-43 Consumer Loans (L) 
 Sep-37 SFR Properties Mar-23 to Sep-27 N/A N/A Mortgage Loans Receivable Jul 26 to Dec-26 Total Secured Notes and Bonds Payable 0 Total/Weighted Average 
 (A) Net of deferred financing costs. 
 (B) All debt obligations with a stated maturity through the date of issuance were refinanced, extended or repaid. 
 (C) Includes approximately million of associated interest payable as of December 31, 2022. 
 (D) All fixed interest rates. 
 (E) All LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (F) Includes million which bear interest at an average fixed interest rate of with the remaining having LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (G) All LIBOR or SOFR-based floating interest rates. 
 (H) Includes million of corporate loans which bear interest at a fixed interest rate of . 
 (I) Includes billion of MSR notes which bear interest equal to the sum of (i) a floating rate index equal to one-month LIBOR or SOFR, and (ii) a margin ranging from to ; and billion of capital market notes with fixed interest rates ranging to . The outstanding face amount of the collateral represents the UPB of the residential mortgage loans underlying the MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables securing these notes. 
 (J) billion face amount of the notes has a fixed rate while the remaining notes bear interest equal to the sum of (i) a floating rate index equal to one-month LIBOR or a cost of funds rate, as applicable, and (ii) a margin ranging from to . Collateral includes Servicer Advance Investments, as well as servicer advances receivable related to the MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables owned by NRM. 
 (K) Represents (i) million of SAFT 2013-1 mortgage-backed securities issued with fixed interest rate of and (ii) million securitization backed by a revolving warehouse facility to finance newly originated first-lien, fixed- and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans which bears interest equal to one-month LIBOR plus . 
 (L) Includes the SpringCastle debt, comprising the following classes of asset-backed notes held by third parties: million UPB of Class A notes with a coupon of and a stated maturity date in September 2037 and million UPB of Class B notes with a coupon of and a stated maturity date in September 2037 (collectively, SCFT 2020-A ). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital had outstanding secured financing agreements where the amount at risk with any individual counterparty or group of related counterparties exceeded 10 of Rithm Capital s stockholders equity. The amount at risk under secured financing agreements is defined as the excess of carrying amount (or market value, if higher than the 
 177 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 billion of secured financing agreements. To the extent that the value of the collateral underlying these secured financing agreements declines, Rithm Capital may be required to post margin, which could significantly impact its liquidity. 
 
 Secured Financing Agreements Acquired borrowings, net of discount (Note 3) Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) ) Capitalized deferred financing costs, net of amortization ) Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Acquired borrowings, net of discount Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on notes, fair value ) ) Capitalized deferred financing costs, net of amortization ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Secured Financing Agreements Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) ) ) Capitalized deferred financing costs, net of amortization Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Borrowings Repayments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Discount on borrowings, net of amortization ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on notes, fair value ) ) ) Capitalized deferred financing costs, net of amortization ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (A) Rithm Capital net settles daily borrowings and repayments of the Secured Notes and Bonds Payable on its servicer advances. 
 
 178 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter 
 (A) Includes secured notes and bonds payable of billion. 
 (B) Includes secured financing agreements and secured notes and bonds payable of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Borrowing Capacity 
 
 Loan originations Secured Notes and Bonds Payable Excess MSRs MSRs Servicer advances Residential mortgage loans 

Certain of the debt obligations are subject to customary loan covenants and event of default provisions, including event of default provisions triggered by certain specified declines in Rithm Capital s equity or a failure to maintain a specified tangible net worth, liquidity, or indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio. Additionally, with the expected phase out of LIBOR, the Company expects the calculated rate on certain debt obligations will be changed to another published reference standard before the planned cessation of LIBOR quotations in 2023. However, the Company does not anticipate this change will have a significant effect on the terms and conditions, ability to access credit, or on its financial condition. Rithm Capital was in compliance with all of its debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2025 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
 On September 16, 2020, the Company, as borrower, completed a private offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the 2025 Senior Notes ). Interest on the 2025 Senior Notes accrue at the rate of per annum with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 15 and October 15. 

179 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 2023 2024 and thereafter 
 
 Prior to October 15, 2022, the Company was entitled at its option on one or more occasions to redeem the 2025 Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes originally issued prior to the applicable redemption date at a fixed redemption price of . 
 
 Net proceeds from the offering were approximately million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company incurred fees of approximately million in relation to the issuance of the 2025 Senior Notes. These fees were capitalized as debt issuance cost and are grouped and presented as part of Unsecured Senior Notes, Net of Issuance Costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recognized million of interest expense. As of December 31, 2022 , the unamortized debt issuance costs was approximately million. 
 
 The 2025 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and senior unsecured guarantees. At the time of issuance, the 2025 Senior Notes were not guaranteed by any of the Company s subsidiaries and none of its subsidiaries are required to guarantee the 2025 Senior Notes in the future, except under limited specified circumstances. 
 
 The 2025 Senior Notes contain financial covenants and other non-financial covenants, including, among other things, limits on the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to incur certain indebtedness (subject to various exceptions), requires that the Company maintain total unencumbered assets (as defined in the debt agreement) of not less than of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding unsecured debt, and imposes certain requirements in order for the Company to merge or consolidate with or transfer all or substantially all of its assets to another person, in each case subject to certain qualifications set forth in the debt agreement. If the Company were to fail to comply with these covenants, after the expiration of the applicable cure periods, the debt maturity could be accelerated or other remedies could be sought by the lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 In the event of a change of control, each holder of the 2025 Senior Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase all or any part of the outstanding balance at a purchase price of of the principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of such repurchase. 

20. 

180 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 MSRs and MSR financing receivables (A) 
 Servicer advance investments Real estate and other securities Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale 
 Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase 
 Consumer loans Derivative assets Mortgage loans receivable (B) 
 Note receivable Loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Other assets (C) 
 N/A Liabilities: Secured financing agreements Secured notes and bonds payable (D) 
 Unsecured senior notes, net of issuance costs Residential mortgage loan repurchase liability Derivative liabilities 
 (A) The notional amount represents the total unpaid principal balance of the residential mortgage loans underlying the MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables and Excess MSRs. Rithm Capital does not receive an excess mortgage servicing amount on non-performing loans in Agency portfolios. 
 (B) Includes Rithm Capital s economic interests in the VIEs consolidated and accounted for under the collateralized financing entity CFE election. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of Rithm Capital s interests in the mortgage loans receivable securitization was million. 
 (C) Excludes the indirect equity investment in a commercial redevelopment project that is accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis based on the NAV of Rithm Capital s investment. The investment had a fair value of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (D) Includes SAFT 2013-1, SCFT 2020-A and 2022-RTL1 mortgage-backed securities issued for which the fair value option for financial instruments was elected and resulted in a fair value of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 181 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 MSRs and MSR financing receivables (A) 
 Servicer advance investments Real estate and other securities Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale 
 Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Residential mortgage loans subject to repurchase 
 Consumer loans Derivative assets Mortgage loans receivable Note receivable Loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Other assets (B) 
 N/A Liabilities: Secured financing agreements Secured notes and bonds payable (C) 
 Unsecured senior notes, net of issuance costs Residential mortgage loan repurchase liability Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration N/A 
 (A) The notional amount represents the total unpaid principal balance of the residential mortgage loans underlying the MSRs, MSR Financing Receivables and Excess MSRs. Rithm Capital does not receive an excess mortgage servicing amount on non-performing loans in Agency portfolios. 
 (B) Excludes the indirect equity investment in a commercial redevelopment project that is accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis based on the NAV of Rithm Capital s investment. The investment had a fair value of million as of December 31, 2021. 
 (C) Includes the SAFT 2013-1, MDST Trusts and SCFT 2020-A mortgage backed securities issued for which the fair value option for financial instruments was elected and resulted in a fair value of million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 are sensitive to changes in the assumptions or methodology used to determine fair value and such changes could result in a significant increase or decrease in the fair value. 
 
 182 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Transfers Transfers to Level 3 Acquisitions (Note 3) Gains (losses) included in net income Reversal (provision) for credit losses on securities (D) 
 Change in fair value of excess MSRs (D) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of excess MSRs, equity method investees (D) 
 Servicing revenue, net (E) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of servicer advance investments ) ) Change in fair value of consumer loans ) ) Change in fair value of residential mortgage loans Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) Other income (loss), net (D) 
 ) ) ) ) Gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (F) 
 Interest income Purchases, sales and repayments Purchases, net (G) 
 Proceeds from sales ) ) ) ) ) Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Originations and other ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Transfers Transfers from Level 3 ) ) ) ) Transfers to Level 3 Gains (losses) included in net income Reversal (provision) for credit losses on securities (D) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of excess MSRs (D) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of excess MSRs, equity method investees (D) 
 Servicing revenue, net (E) 
 Change in fair value of servicer advance investments ) ) Change in fair value of real estate securities ) ) Change in fair value of consumer loans ) ) Change in fair value of residential mortgage loans ) ) Gain (loss) on settlement of investments, net ) ) ) Other income (loss), net (D) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (F) 
 ) ) Interest income Purchases, sales and repayments Purchases, net (G) 
 ) Proceeds from sales ) ) ) ) ) Proceeds from repayments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Originations and other ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (A) Includes the recapture agreement for each respective pool, as applicable. 
 (B) Includes Rithm Capital s portion of the Excess MSRs held by the respective joint ventures in which Rithm Capital has a interest. 
 (C) For the purpose of this table, the IRLC asset and liability positions are shown net. 
 (D) Gains (loss) recorded in earnings during the period are attributable to the change in unrealized gain (loss) relating to Level 3 assets still held at the reporting dates and realized gain (loss) recorded during the period. 
 (E) The components of Servicing Revenue, Net are disclosed in Note 6. 
 183 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Gains (losses) included in net income Included in other income (A) 
 ) Purchases, sales and payments Payments ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Gains (losses) included in net income Included in other income (A) 
 ) Purchases, sales and payments Payments ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (A) Gains (loss) recorded in earnings during the period are attributable to the change in unrealized gain (loss) relating to Level 3 liabilities still held at the reporting dates and realized gain (loss) recorded during the period. 
 
 Excess MSRs, MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables Valuation 
 
 Fair value estimates of Rithm Capital s MSRs and Excess MSRs were based on internal pricing models. The valuation technique is based on discounted cash flows. Significant inputs used in the valuations included expectations of prepayment rates, delinquency rates, recapture rates for Excess MSRs, the mortgage servicing amount or excess mortgage servicing amount of the underlying residential mortgage loans, as applicable, and discount rates that market participants would use in determining the fair values of mortgage servicing rights on similar pools of residential mortgage loans. In addition, for MSRs, significant inputs included the market-level estimated cost of servicing. 
 
 Significant increases (decreases) in the discount rates, prepayment or delinquency rates, or costs of servicing, in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement, whereas significant increases (decreases) in the recapture rates for Excess MSRs or mortgage servicing amount or excess mortgage servicing amount, as applicable, in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the delinquency rate assumption is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for the prepayment rate. 
 
 184 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

) 
 
 ) 
 Excess MSRs Held through Investees 

) 
 
 ) 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables (Note 6) (H) 
 Agency 

(I) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 Non-Agency 

(I) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 Ginnie Mae 

(I) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 Total/Weighted Average MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 

(I) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

December 31, 2021 Significant Inputs (A) 
 Prepayment 
 Rate (B) 
 Delinquency (C) 
 Recapture Rate (D) 
 Mortgage Servicing Amount or Excess Mortgage Servicing Amount (bps) (E) 
 Collateral Weighted Average Maturity (Years) (F) 
 Excess MSRs Directly Held 

) 
 
 ) 
 Excess MSRs Held through Investees 

) 
 
 ) 
 MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables (Note 6) (H) 
 Agency 

) 
 
 ) 
 Non-Agency 

) 
 
 ) 
 Ginnie Mae 

) 
 
 ) 
 Total/Weighted Average MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 (A) Weighted by fair value of the portfolio. 
 (B) Projected annualized weighted average lifetime voluntary and involuntary prepayment rate using a prepayment vector. 
 (C) Projected percentage of residential mortgage loans in the pool for which the borrower will miss its mortgage payments. 
 (D) Percentage of voluntarily prepaid loans that are expected to be refinanced by the related servicer or subservicer, as applicable. 
 (E) Weighted average total mortgage servicing amount, in excess of the basic fee as applicable, measured in bps. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted average costs of subservicing of and ), respectively, per loan per month was used to value the agency MSRs. Weighted average costs of subservicing of and ), respectively, per loan per month was used to value the non-agency MSRs, including MSR Financing Receivables. Weighted average cost of subservicing of and ), respectively, per loan per month was used to value the Ginnie Mae MSRs. 
 (F) Weighted average maturity of the underlying residential mortgage loans in the pool. 
 (G) For certain pools, the Excess MSR will be paid on the total UPB of the mortgage portfolio (including both performing and delinquent loans until REO). For these pools, no delinquency assumption is used. 
 185 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

With respect to valuing the Ocwen-serviced MSR Financing Receivables, which include a significant servicer advances receivable component, the cost of financing servicer advances receivable is assumed to be LIBOR plus . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted average discount rates of (range of and (range of ), respectively, were used to value Rithm Capital s investments in Excess MSRs (directly and through equity method investees). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted average discount rates of (range of and (range of were used to value Rithm Capital s MSRs and MSR Financing Receivables, respectively. 
 
 All of the assumptions listed have some degree of market observability, based on Rithm Capital s knowledge of the market, relationships with market participants, and use of common market data sources. Rithm Capital uses assumptions that generate its best estimate of future cash flows for each investment in MSRs and Excess MSRs. 
 
 When valuing MSRs and Excess MSRs, Rithm Capital uses the following criteria to determine the significant inputs: 
 
 Prepayment Rate : Prepayment rate projections are in the form of a vector that varies over the expected life of the pool. The prepayment vector specifies the percentage of the collateral balance that is expected to prepay voluntarily (i.e., pay off) and involuntarily (i.e., default) at each point in the future. The prepayment vector is based on assumptions that reflect macroeconomic conditions like home price appreciation, current level of interest rates as well as loan level factors such as the borrower s interest rate, FICO score, loan-to-value ratio, debt-to-income ratio, vintage on a loan level basis. Rithm Capital considers historical prepayment experience associated with the collateral when determining this vector and also reviews industry research on the prepayment experience of similar loan pools. This data is obtained from remittance reports, market data services and other market sources. 
 
 Delinquency Rates : For existing mortgage pools, delinquency rates are based on the recent pool-specific experience of loans that missed their latest mortgage payments. Delinquency rate projections are in the form of a vector that varies over the expected life of the pool. The delinquency vector specifies the percentage of the unpaid principal balance that is expected to be delinquent each month. The delinquency vector is based on assumptions that reflect macroeconomic conditions, the historical delinquency rates for the pools and the underlying borrower characteristics such as the FICO score and loan-to-value ratio. For the recapture agreements and recaptured loans, delinquency rates are based on the experience of similar loan pools originated by Rithm Capital s servicers and subservicers, and delinquency experience over the past year. Rithm Capital believes this time period provides a reasonable sample for projecting future delinquency rates while taking into account current market conditions. Additional consideration is given to loans that are expected to become or more days delinquent. 
 
 Recapture Rates : Recapture rates are based on actual average recapture rates experienced by Rithm Capital s servicers and subservicers on similar residential mortgage loan pools. Generally, Rithm Capital looks to three to worth of actual recapture rates, which it believes provides a reasonable sample for projecting future recapture rates while taking into account current market conditions. Recapture rate projections are in the form of a vector that varies over the expected life of the pool. The recapture vector specifies the percentage of the refinanced loans that have been recaptured within the pool by the servicer or subservicer. The recapture vector takes into account the nature and timeline of the relationship between the borrowers in the pool and the servicer or subservicer, the customer retention programs offered by the servicer or subservicer and the historical recapture rates. 
 
 Mortgage Servicing Amount or Excess Mortgage Servicing Amount : For existing mortgage pools, mortgage servicing amount and excess mortgage servicing amount projections are based on the actual total mortgage servicing amount, in excess of a basic fee as applicable. For loans expected to be refinanced by the related servicer or subservicer and subject to a recapture agreement, Rithm Capital considers the mortgage servicing amount or excess mortgage servicing amount on loans recently originated by the related servicer over the past three months and other general market considerations. Rithm Capital believes this time period provides a reasonable sample for projecting future mortgage servicing amounts and excess mortgage servicing amounts while taking into account current market conditions. 
 
 186 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

) bps 

December 31, 2021 

) bps 

(A) Projected annual weighted average lifetime voluntary and involuntary prepayment rate using a prepayment vector. 
 (B) Mortgage servicing amount is net of bps and bps which represent the amounts Rithm Capital paid its servicers as a monthly servicing fee as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (C) Weighted average maturity of the underlying residential mortgage loans in the pool. 
 
 The valuation of the Servicer Advance Investments also takes into account the performance fee paid to the servicer, which in the case of the Buyer is based on its equity returns and therefore is impacted by relevant financing assumptions such as loan-to-value ratio and interest rate as well as advance-to-UPB ratio. All of the assumptions listed have some degree of market observability, based on Rithm Capital s knowledge of the market, relationships with market participants, and use of common market data sources. The prepayment rate, the delinquency rate and the advance-to-UPB ratio projections are in the form of curves or vectors that vary over the expected life of the underlying mortgages and related servicer advances. Rithm Capital 
 187 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 2 Non-Agency RMBS (C) 
 3 Total December 31, 2021 Agency RMBS 2 Non-Agency RMBS (C) 
 3 Total 
 (A) Rithm Capital generally obtained pricing service quotations or broker quotations from sources, one of which was generally the seller (the party that sold Rithm Capital the security) for Non-Agency RMBS. Rithm Capital evaluates quotes received and determines one as being most representative of fair value, and does not use an average of the quotes. Even if Rithm Capital receives two or more quotes on a particular security that come from non-selling brokers 
 188 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 of Non-Agency RMBS, the ranges and weighted averages of assumptions used by Rithm Capital s valuation providers are summarized in the table below. The assumptions used by Rithm Capital s valuation providers with respect to the remainder of Non-Agency RMBS were not readily available. 
 Fair Value Discount Rate Prepayment Rate (a) 
 CDR (b) 
 Loss Severity (c) 
 Non-Agency RMBS 

(a) Represents the annualized rate of the prepayments as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (b) Represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) as a percentage of the total principal balance of the pool. 
 (c) Represents the expected amount of future realized losses resulting from the ultimate liquidation of a particular loan, expressed as the net amount of loss relative to the outstanding balance. 
 
 (B) Rithm Capital was unable to obtain quotations from more than one source on these securities. 
 (C) Includes Rithm Capital s interest-only notes for which the fair value option for financial instruments was elected. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans Valuation 
 
 Rithm Capital, through its Mortgage Company, originates residential mortgage loans that it intends to sell into Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae mortgage backed securitizations. Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value are typically pooled together and sold into certain exit markets, depending upon underlying attributes of the loan, such as agency eligibility, product type, interest rate, and credit quality. Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value are valued using a market approach by utilizing either: (i) the fair value of securities backed by similar residential mortgage loans, adjusted for certain factors to approximate the fair value of a whole residential mortgage loan, (ii) current commitments to purchase loans or (iii) recent observable market trades for similar loans, adjusted for credit risk and other individual loan characteristics. As these 
 189 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Originated N/A N/A N/A N/A Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value 
 Non-Performing Loans Fair Value Discount Rate Annual change in home prices Liquidation Timeline (in years) Current Value of Underlying Properties Acquired 

) 

Originated N/A N/A N/A N/A Residential mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value 
 
 Residential mortgage loans held-for-investment, at fair value includes residential mortgage loans underlying the SAFT 2013-1 securitization, which are valued using internal pricing models using inputs such as default rates, prepayment speeds and discount rates. As the internal pricing model is based on certain unobservable inputs, Rithm Capital classifies these valuations as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Changes in market conditions, as well as changes in the assumptions or methodology used to determine fair value, could result in a significant increase or decrease in the fair value of residential mortgage loans. Increases in discount rates, default rates, loss severities, or liquidation timelines, either in isolation or collectively, would generally result in a lower fair value measurement, whereas increases in the current or expected value of the underlying properties, in isolation, would result in a higher fair value measurement. In practice, changes in valuation assumptions may not occur in isolation and the changes in any particular assumption may result in changes in other assumptions, which could offset or amplify the impact on the overall valuation. 
 190 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Mortgage Loans Receivable Valuation 
 
 The estimated fair value approximates carrying value as most loans are variable-rate that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk. Rithm Capital classifies mortgage loans receivable as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Rithm Capital has securitized certain mortgage loans receivable which are held as part of a collateralized financing entity CFE ). A CFE is a variable interest entity that holds financial assets, issues beneficial interests in those assets and has no more than nominal equity and the beneficial interests have contractual recourse only to the related assets of the CFE. GAAP allows entities to elect to measure both the financial assets and financial liabilities of the CFE using the more observable of the fair value of the financial assets and the fair value of the financial liabilities of the CFE. Rithm Capital has elected the fair value option FVO for initial and subsequent recognition of the debt issued by its consolidated securitization trust and has determined that the consolidated securitization trust meets the definition of a CFE. See Note 20 for further discussion regarding variable interest entities and securitization trusts. Rithm Capital determined the inputs to the fair value measurement of the financial liabilities of its CFE to be more observable than those of the financial assets and, as a result, has used the fair value of the financial liabilities of the CFE to measure the fair value of the financial assets of the CFE. The fair value of the debt issued by the CFE is typically valued using external pricing data, which includes third-party valuations. The securitized mortgage loans receivable, which are assets of the CFE, are included in Mortgage Loans Receivable, at Fair Value, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The debt issued by the CFE is included in Secured Notes and Bonds Payable on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unrealized gain (loss) from changes in fair value of the debt issued by the CFE is included in Other Income (Loss), Net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The securitized mortgage loans receivable and the debt issued by the Company s CFE are both classified as Level 2. 
 
 Derivative Valuation 
 
 Rithm Capital enters into economic hedges including interest rate swaps, caps and TBAs, which are categorized as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy. Rithm Capital generally values such derivatives using quotations, similarly to the method of valuation used for Rithm Capital s other assets that are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 As a part of the residential mortgage loan origination business, Rithm Capital enters into forward loan sale and securities delivery commitments, which are valued based on observed market pricing for similar instruments and therefore, are classified as Level 2. In addition, Rithm Capital enters into IRLCs, which are valued using internal pricing models (i) incorporating market pricing for instruments with similar characteristics, (ii) estimating the fair value of the servicing rights expected to be recorded at sale of the loan and (iii) adjusting for anticipated loan funding probability. Both the fair value of servicing rights expected to be recorded at the date of sale of the loan and anticipated loan funding probability are significant unobservable inputs and therefore, IRLCs are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

) 
 ) 
 
 191 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, they are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. For residential mortgage loans held-for-sale, single-family rental properties, and foreclosed real estate accounted for as REO, Rithm Capital applies the lower of cost or fair value accounting and may be required, from time to time, to record a nonrecurring fair value adjustment. Upon the occurrence of certain events, the Company re-measures the fair value of long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, operating lease ROU assets, intangible assets and goodwill if an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized in the current period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were million and million, respectively. The million of assets at December 31, 2022 include approximately million of residential mortgage loans held-for-sale and million of REO. The million of assets at December 31, 2021 include approximately million of residential mortgage loans held-for-sale and million of REO. The fair value of Rithm Capital s residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale is estimated based on a discounted cash flow model analysis using internal pricing models and is categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

) 

Non-performing 

) 

Total/weighted average December 31, 2021 Performing 

) 

Non-performing 

) 

Total/weighted average 
 (A) Based on the expected timing of the receipt of cash flows. 
 (B) Represents the annualized rate of the involuntary prepayments (defaults) as a percentage of the total principal balance. 
 192 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

The fair value of REO is estimated using a broker s price opinion discounted based upon Rithm Capital s experience with actual liquidation values and, therefore, is categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. These discounts to the broker price opinion generally range from , depending on the information available to the broker. 
 
 The total change in the recorded value of assets for which a fair value adjustment has been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of a valuation allowance of million for residential mortgage loans and a reversal of valuation allowance of million for REO. 
 
 The total change in the recorded value of assets for which a fair value adjustment has been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a reversal of valuation allowance of million for residential mortgage loans and a reversal of valuation allowance of million for REO. 

21. 
 
 of the Buyer as of December 31, 2022. In 2013, Rithm Capital created the Buyer to acquire the then outstanding servicing advance receivables related to a portfolio of residential mortgage loans from a third party. The Buyer is required to purchase all future servicer advances made with respect to this portfolio of residential mortgage loans and is entitled to receive cash flows from advance recoveries and a basic fee component of the related MSRs, net of subservicing compensation paid. 
 
 The Buyer may call capital up to the commitment amount on unfunded commitments and recall capital to the extent the Buyer makes a distribution to the co-investors, including Rithm Capital. As of December 31, 2022, the noncontrolling third-party co-investors and Rithm Capital had previously funded their commitments, however the Buyer may recall million and million of capital distributed to the third-party co-investors and Rithm Capital, respectively. Neither the third-party co-investors nor Rithm Capital is obligated to fund amounts in excess of their respective capital commitments, regardless of the capital requirements of the Buyer. 
 
 Shelter Joint Ventures 
 
 A wholly owned subsidiary of Newrez, Shelter Mortgage Company LLC Shelter is a mortgage originator specializing in retail originations. Shelter operates its business through a series of joint ventures Shelter JVs and is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the joint ventures as a result of its ability to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entities and its ownership of a significant equity investment. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 In May 2021, Newrez issued million in notes through a securitization facility (the 2021-1 Securitization Facility that bear interest at 30-day LIBOR plus a margin. The 2021-1 Securitization Facility is secured by newly originated, first-lien, fixed- and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans eligible for purchase by the GSEs and Ginnie Mae. Through a master repurchase agreement, Newrez sells its originated loans to the 2021-1 Securitization Facility, which then issues notes to third party qualified investors, with Newrez retaining the trust certificate. The loans serve as collateral with the proceeds from the note issuance ultimately financing the originations. The 2021-1 Securitization Facility will terminate on the earlier of (i) the anniversary of the initial closing date, (ii) the Company exercising its right to optional prepayment in full, or (iii) a repurchase triggering event. The Company determined it is the primary beneficiary of the 2021-1 Securitization Facility as it has both (i) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be potentially significant to the VIE. 
 
 193 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 of the limited liability company interests in, and consolidates, the Consumer Loan Companies. 
 
 On September 25, 2020, certain entities comprising the Consumer Loan Companies, in a private transaction, issued million of asset-backed notes SCFT 2020-A securitized by a portfolio of consumer loans. 
 
 The Consumer Loan Companies consolidate certain entities that issued securitized debt collateralized by the consumer loans (the Consumer Loan SPVs ). The Consumer Loan SPVs are VIEs of which the Consumer Loan Companies are the primary beneficiaries. 
 
 Securitized Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 
 In March 2022, Rithm Capital formed a securitization facility that issued securitized debt collateralized by mortgage loans receivable (the 2022-RTL1 Securitization ). The 2022-RTL1 Securitization consists of a pool of performing, adjustable-rate and fixed-rate, interest-only, mortgage loans (construction, renovation and bridge), secured by a first lien or a first and second lien on a non-owner occupied mortgaged property with original terms to maturity of up to months, with an aggregate UPB of approximately million and an aggregate principal limit of approximately million. In addition to pass-through certificates sold to third parties, Rithm Capital acquired all of the residual tranche certificate, which bears no interest, for million. Rithm Capital evaluated the purchased residual tranche certificate as a variable interest in the trust and concluded that the residual tranche certificate will absorb a majority of the trust s expected losses or receive a majority of the trust s expected residual returns. Rithm Capital also concluded that the securitization s asset manager, a wholly owned subsidiary of Rithm Capital, has the ability to direct activities that could impact the trust s economic performance. As a result, Rithm Capital consolidates the trust. 
 
 MSR Financing Facilities 
 
 CHL GMSR Issuer Trust is an SPE created for the purpose of transferring a participation certificate MSR PC representing a beneficial interest in Caliber s GNMA MSRs in exchange for a variable funding note MSR Financing VFN and a trust certificate with Caliber, as well for the issuance of term notes in exchange for cash. Caliber consolidates this SPE because it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The MSR PC is classified in Mortgage Servicing Rights and MSR Financing Receivables, at Fair Value and the MSR Financing VFN and term notes are classified as Secured Notes and Bonds Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The SPE uses collections from a specified portion of GNMA MSR net service fees collected to repay principal and interest and to pay the expenses of the entity. 
 
 Additionally, Caliber has also transferred a participation certificate representing a beneficial interest certain of Caliber s GNMA servicer advances Servicer Advance PC to CHL GMSR Issuer Trust in exchange for a VFN Servicer Advance VFN ). The transferred Servicer Advance PC is classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Servicing Advances Receivable and the related liabilities as part of Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities. CHL GMSR Issuer Trust uses collections of the pledged advances to repay principal and interest and to pay the expenses of the Servicer Advance VFN. 
 
 The GMSR Issuer Trust was terminated as of December 31, 2022. 
 194 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Consumer loans Mortgage loans receivable Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets ) Total Assets Liabilities Secured financing agreements (A) 
 Secured notes and bonds payable (A) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2021 The Buyer Shelter Joint Ventures Residential Mortgage Loans Consumer Loan SPVs Servicer Advance Facilities MSR Financing Facilities Total Assets Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Servicer advance investments, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-investment, at fair value Residential mortgage loans, held-for-sale, at fair value Consumer loans Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Servicer advance facilities Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Secured financing agreements (A) 
 Secured notes and bonds payable (A) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 (A) The creditors of the VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of Rithm Capital, and the assets of the VIEs are not directly available to satisfy Rithm Capital s obligations. 
 195 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

Weighted average delinquency (A) 
 Net credit losses Face amount of debt held by third parties (B) 
 Carrying value of bonds retained by Rithm Capital (C)(D) 
 Cash flows received by Rithm Capital on these bonds 
 (A) Represents the percentage of the UPB that is + days delinquent. 
 (B) Excludes bonds retained by Rithm Capital. 
 (C) Includes bonds retained pursuant to required risk retention regulations. 
 (D) Classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as the valuation is based on certain unobservable inputs including discount rate, prepayment rates and loss severity. See Note 20 for details on unobservable inputs. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Noncontrolling interests represent the ownership interests in certain consolidated subsidiaries held by entities or persons other than Rithm Capital. These interests are related to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities that hold Rithm Capital s Servicer Advance Investments (Note 7), the Shelter JVs, (Note 9) and Consumer Loans (Note 10). 
 
 Others ownership interest Others interest in equity of consolidated subsidiary 

Others interests in the Rithm Capital s net income (loss) is computed as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 The Buyer (A) 
 Shelter Joint Ventures Consumer Loan Companies The Buyer (A) 
 Shelter Joint Ventures Consumer Loan Companies The Buyer (A) 
 Shelter Joint Ventures Consumer Loan Companies Net income 
 ) Others ownership interest as a percent of total Others interest in net income of consolidated subsidiaries 
 ) 
 (A) Rithm Capital owned , and of the Buyer as of the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 19 regarding the financing of Servicer Advance Investments. 
 
 196 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 22. 
 
 billion shares of common stock, par value per share, and million shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 
 
 On April 14, 2021, the Company priced its underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share. In connection with the offering, the Company granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock at a price of per share. On April 16, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional shares of common stock. The offering closed on April 19, 2021. To compensate the Former Manager for its successful efforts in raising capital for Rithm Capital, the Company granted options to the Former Manager relating to million shares of Rithm Capital s common stock at per share. 
 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company priced its underwritten public offering of of its Fixed-Rate Reset Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value per share, with a liquidation preference of per share for net proceeds of approximately million. The offering closed on September 17, 2021. In connection with the offering, Rithm Capital granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days to purchase up to an additional shares of preferred stock at a price of per share. On September 22, 2021, the underwriters exercised their option, in part, to purchase an additional shares of preferred stock. To compensate the Former Manager for its successful efforts in raising capital for Rithm Capital, the Company granted options to the Former Manager relating to approximately million shares of Rithm Capital s common stock at per share. 
 
 In December 2022 Rithm Capital s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of its common stock and million of its preferred stock through December 31, 2023. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to one or more plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or by means of one or more tender offers, in each case, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of preferred stock for approximately million. 
 
 On August 5, 2022, Rithm Capital entered into a Distribution Agreement to sell shares of its common stock, par value per share (the ATM Shares ), having an aggregate offering price of up to million, from time to time, through an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ). share issuances were made for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 issued July 2019 (C) 
 Series B, issued August 2019 (C) 
 Series C, issued February 2020 (C) 
 Series D, issued September 2021 (D) 
 Total 
 (A) Each series has a liquidation preference of per share. 
 (B) Carrying value reflects par value less discount and issuance costs. 
 (C) Fixed-to-floating rate cumulative redeemable preferred. 
 (D) Fixed-rate reset cumulative redeemable preferred. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, Rithm Capital s board of directors declared fourth quarter 2022 preferred dividends of per share of Preferred Series A, per share of Preferred Series B, per share of Preferred Series C, and per share of Preferred Series D or approximately million, million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 197 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 June 16, 2021 August 2021 August 23, 2021 October 2021 December 15, 2021 January 2022 March 21, 2022 April 2022 June 17, 2022 August 2021 September 22, 2022 October 2022 December 15, 2022 January 2023 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Company issued warrants (the 2020 Warrants in conjunction with the issuance of a term loan, which was fully repaid in the third quarter of 2020, that provided the holders the right to acquire, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, up to million shares of the Company s common stock in the aggregate. The 2020 Warrants are exercisable in cash or on a cashless basis and expire on May 19, 2023 and are exercisable, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time after September 19, 2020 at the following prices (subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments): approximately million shares of common stock at per share and approximately million shares of common stock at per share. 
 
 The 2020 Warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option valuation model that resulted in a fair value of approximately million on the Issuance Date and is not subject to subsequent remeasurement. The Company used the following assumptions in the application of the Black-Scholes option valuation model: an exercise price ranging between and , a term of years, a risk-free interest rate of , and volatility of . The 2020 Warrants met the definition of derivatives under the guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging however, because these instruments are determined to be indexed to the Company s own stock and met the criteria for equity classification under ASC 815, the 2020 Warrants are accounted for as an equity transaction and recorded in Additional Paid-in-Capital. The 2020 Warrants have a dilutive effect on net income per share and book value to the extent that the market value per share of the Company s common stock at the time of exercise exceeds the strike price of the 2020 Warrants. 
 
 On September 16, 2022, a warrant holder that is an affiliate of the Former Manager (see Note 24) exercised warrants to purchase million shares of common stock. The warrants were exercised on a cashless basis, resulting in the issuance of million shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Expired December 31, 2022 
 (B) 
 
 (A) Reflects the incremental number of additional common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants in accordance with the warrant agreement. 
 198 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 a share. 
 
 Option Plan 
 
 Rithm Capital has a Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the Plan which provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including restricted stock, options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, tandem awards and other equity-based and non-equity based awards, in each case to Rithm Capital s directors, officers, service providers, consultants and advisors, and prior to the internalization the Former Manager and the directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisor of the Former Manager who perform services for Rithm Capital. Rithm Capital initially reserved shares of its common stock for issuance under the Plan; on the first day of each fiscal year beginning during the -year term of the Plan in and after calendar year 2014, that number will be increased by a number of shares of Rithm Capital s common stock equal to of the number of shares of common stock newly issued by Rithm Capital during the immediately preceding fiscal year (and, in the case of fiscal year 2013, after the effective date of the Plan). Increases of , and were made on January 1, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rithm Capital s board of directors also determined to issue options to the Former Manager that were not subject to the Plan, provided that the number of shares underlying any options granted to the Former Manager in connection with capital raising efforts did not exceed of the shares sold in such offering and would be subject to NYSE rules. Upon exercise, all options will be settled in an amount of cash equal to the excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price per share unless advance approval is made to settle options in shares of common stock. 
 
 Prior to January 1, 2023, upon joining the board of directors, non-employee directors were, in accordance with the Plan, granted options relating to an aggregate of shares of common stock. The fair value of such options was not material at the date of grant. 
 
 Issued to the Former Manager and subsequently assigned to certain of the Former Manager s employees Issued to the independent directors Total 
 
 The following table summarizes outstanding options as of December 31, 2022. The last sales price on the New York Stock Exchange for Rithm Capital s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. 
 Recipient Date of 
 Grant/ 
 Exercise (A) 
 Number of Unexercised Options Options 
 Exercisable 
 as of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price (B) 
 Intrinsic Value of Exercisable Options as of December 31, 2022 
 Directors Various Former Manager 2017 Former Manager 2018 Former Manager 2019 Former Manager 2020 Former Manager 2021 Outstanding 
 (A) Options expire on the tenth anniversary from date of grant. 
 (B) The exercise prices are subject to adjustment in connection with return of capital dividends. 
 
 199 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Granted Exercised Expired ) December 31, 2021 
 Granted Exercised Expired ) December 31, 2022 
 See table above 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 On June 17, 2022, the Company granted the CEO a one-time equity bonus of million to be paid by granting a fixed number of shares of the Company s common stock. The share-settled awards vest ratably over the vesting period, subject to the CEO s continuing service to the Company. The potential issuance of the RSAs have been accounted for as an equity award. Accordingly, the Company recognizes an accrual for compensation expense as part of Compensation and Benefits expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income with an offsetting amount recognized in Additional Paid-in-Capital in the Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity. Share-based compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost was million. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited December 31, 2022 

Earnings Per Share 
 
 Rithm Capital is required to present both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS ). Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus the additional dilutive effect, if any, of common stock equivalents during each period. 
 
 200 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 ) Noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries 
 Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock, and common stock purchase warrants (A) 
 Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders ) 
 (A) Stock options, restricted stock, and common stock purchase warrants that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the periods where a loss has been recorded because they would have been anti-dilutive for the period presented. 

23. 
 
 201 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 million and billion, respectively. See Notes 6 and 9 for information on regarding the right to repurchase delinquent loans from Ginnie Mae securities and mortgage origination. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Origination Unfunded Commitments As of December 31, 2022, the Mortgage Company was committed to fund approximately billion of residential mortgage loans and had no forward loan sale commitments. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans As part of its investment in residential mortgage loans, Rithm Capital may be required to outlay capital. These capital outflows primarily consist of advance escrow and tax payments, residential maintenance and property disposition fees. The actual amount of these outflows is subject to significant uncertainty. See Note 9 for information on Rithm Capital s residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Consumer Loans The Consumer Loan Companies have invested in loans with an aggregate of million of unfunded and available revolving credit privileges as of December 31, 2022. However, under the terms of these loans, requests for draws may be denied and unfunded availability may be terminated at Rithm Capital s discretion. 
 
 Mortgage Loans Receivable Genesis had commitments to fund up to million of additional advances on existing mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022. These commitments are generally subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding the financial performance of the customer and other terms regarding advances that must be met before Genesis funds the commitment. 
 
 Environmental Costs As a residential real estate owner, Rithm Capital is subject to potential environmental costs. At December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital is not aware of any environmental concerns that would have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Debt Covenants Certain of the Company s debt obligations are subject to loan covenants and event of default provisions, including event of default provisions triggered by certain specified declines in Rithm Capital s equity or a failure to maintain a specified tangible net worth, liquidity, or indebtedness to tangible net worth ratio. Refer to Note 19. 
 
 Internalization During the second quarter of 2022, the Company entered into the Internalization Agreement with the Former Manager. Pursuant to the Internalization Agreement, the Management Agreement was terminated effective June 17, 2022, except that certain indemnification and other obligations survive, and the Company was no longer required to pay management or incentive fees with respect to any period thereafter. In connection with the termination of the Management Agreement, the Company was required to pay million (subject to certain adjustments) to the Former Manager (the Termination Fee ). The Company paid million of the Termination Fee to the Former Manager on June 17, 2022, million on 
 202 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 million on December 15, 2022 (less an agreed amount payable by the Former Manager to the Company related to the pre-Internalization portion of certain annual bonuses). 

24. 
 
 million (subject to certain adjustments) to the Former Manager. Following the Internalization, the Company no longer pays a management or incentive fee to the Former Manager. 
 
 In connection with the termination of the Management Agreement, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement with the Former Manager (the Transition Services Agreement in order to facilitate the transition of the Company s management functions and its operations through the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which no remaining service is to be provided under the Transition Services Agreement or (ii) December 31, 2022. Under the Transition Services Agreement, the Former Manager provided (or caused to be provided), at cost, all of the services it was previously providing to the Company immediately prior to the Effective Date Transition Services ). Former Manager ceased providing Transition Services as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the Transition Services Agreement. The Transition Services primarily included information technology, legal, regulatory compliance, tax and accounting services. The Transition Services were provided for a fee intended to be equal to the Former Manager s cost of providing the Transition Services, including the allocated cost of, among other things, overhead, employee wages and compensation and actually incurred out-of-pocket expenses, and were invoiced on a monthly basis. The Company incurred million in costs for Transition Services during the year ended December 31, 2022, and these costs are reported in General and Administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Prior to the Internalization and the termination of the Management Agreement on June 17, 2022, the Former Manager was entitled to receive a management fee in an amount equal to per annum of the Company s gross equity calculated and payable monthly in arrears in cash. In addition, the Former Manager was entitled to receive annual incentive compensation calculated in accordance with the Management Agreement. 
 
 In addition to the management fee and incentive compensation, Rithm Capital was responsible for reimbursing the Former Manager for certain expenses paid by the Former Manager on behalf of Rithm Capital. 
 
 On May 19, 2020, the Company entered into a senior secured term loan facility agreement in the principal amount of million and also issued common stock purchase warrants providing the lenders with the right to acquire up to million shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share. Approximately of the lenders and recipients of the warrants are funds managed by an affiliate of the Former Manager. In September 2020, the Company used the net proceeds from a private debt offering, together with cash on hand, to fully retire all of the outstanding principal balance on the term loan facility. On September 16, 2022, all of the warrants held by funds managed by an affiliate of the Former Manager were exercised on a cashless basis resulting in the issuance of million shares of the Company s common stock. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 
 On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a senior credit agreement and a senior subordinated credit agreement whereby the Company, and the other lenders party thereto, made term loans to an entity affiliated with funds managed by an affiliate of the Former Manager. The senior loan bears cash interest at a fixed rate equal to per annum and the senior subordinated loan bears paid-in-kind interest at a rate equal to per annum, subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the respective credit agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance of the Company s portion of the senior loan and the senior subordinated loan was million and million, respectively. 
 
 203 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 25. 
 
 ) State and local Total current income tax expense Deferred: Federal State and local ) Total deferred income tax expense Total income tax expense 
 
 Rithm Capital intends to qualify as a REIT for each of its tax years through December 31, 2022. A REIT is generally not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on that portion of its income that is distributed to stockholders if it distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders by prescribed dates and complies with various other requirements. 
 
 Rithm Capital operates various business segments, including servicing, origination, and MSR related investments, through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs that are subject to regular corporate income taxes, which have been provided for in the provision for income taxes, as applicable. Refer to Note 4 (Segment Reporting) for further details. 
 
 The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily driven by current and deferred tax expense resulting from changes in the fair value of MSRs, and swaps held within taxable entities as well as income generated by the servicing business segment. 
 
 The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily driven by current and deferred tax expense resulting from changes in the fair value of loans, MSRs, and swaps held within taxable entities as well as income generated by the servicing and origination business segments. 
 
 Non-taxable REIT income ) ) ) State and local taxes Return to provision ) Other Total provision ) 
 204 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 Basis differences related to assets and investments Goodwill Accrued expenses Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Mortgage servicing rights ) ) Basis differences related to assets and investments ) ) Fixed asset depreciation ) ) Unrealized mark to market ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax (liability) ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liability) ) ) 
 (A) As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital s TRSs had approximately million of net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes which may be available to offset future taxable income, if and when it arises. Approximately, million of federal net operating losses are subject to an annual Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitation. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire between 2027 and 2041. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future income taxes will depend on the TRSs ability to generate sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the carryforward period. 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, Rithm Capital considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes it is more likely than not that it will fully realize its deferred tax assets. 
 
 Rithm Capital and its TRSs file income tax returns with the U.S. federal government and various state and local jurisdictions. Generally, Rithm Capital is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years ended prior to December 31, 2019. Rithm Capital recognizes tax benefits for uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable based on its technical merits. Interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions are included as a component of the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, Rithm Capital has no material uncertainties to be recognized. Rithm Capital does not believe that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date. 
 
 205 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 2021 (B) 
 2020 (C) 
 
 (A) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2022 and paid in January 2023 is treated as received by stockholders in 2023. 
 (B) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2021 and paid in January 2022 is treated as received by stockholders in 2022. 
 (C) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2020 and paid in January 2021 is treated as received by stockholders in 2021. 
 
 Series A Preferred stock distributions were as follows: 
 Year Dividends per Share Ordinary Income Long-Term Capital Gain Return of Capital 2022 (A) 
 2021 (B) 
 2020 (C) 
 
 (A) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2022 and paid in January 2023 is treated as received by stockholders in 2023. 
 (B) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2021 and paid in January 2022 is treated as received by stockholders in 2022. 
 (C) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2020 and paid in January 2021 is treated as received by stockholders in 2021. 
 
 Series B Preferred stock distributions were as follows: 
 Year Dividends per Share Ordinary Income Long-Term Capital Gain Return of Capital 2022 (A) 
 2021 (B) 
 2020 (C) 
 
 (A) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2022 and paid in January 2023 is treated as received by stockholders in 2023. 
 (B) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2021 and paid in January 2022 is treated as received by stockholders in 2022. 
 (C) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2020 and paid in January 2021 is treated as received by stockholders in 2021. 
 
 Series C Preferred stock distributions were as follows: 
 Year Dividends per Share Ordinary Income Long-Term Capital Gain Return of Capital 2022 (A) 
 2021 (B) 
 2020 (C) 
 
 (A) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2022 and paid in January 2023 is treated as received by stockholders in 2023. 
 206 

RITHM CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (dollars in tables in thousands, except share data) 

 per share dividend declared in December 2021 and paid in January 2022 is treated as received by stockholders in 2022. 
 (C) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2020 and paid in January 2021 is treated as received by stockholders in 2021. 
 
 Series D Preferred stock distributions were as follows: 
 Year Dividends per Share Ordinary Income Long-Term Capital Gain Return of Capital 2022 (A) 
 2021 (B) 
 
 (A) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2022 and paid in January 2023 is treated as received by stockholders in 2023. 
 (B) The entire per share dividend declared in December 2021 and paid in January 2022 is treated as received by stockholders in 2022. 

26. 
 
 million (subject to certain adjustments), with million paid on June 17, 2022, million on September 15, 2022, and million on December 15, 2022 (less an agreed amount payable by the Former Manager to the Company related to the pre-Internalization portion of certain annual bonuses for 2022). See Notes 1 and 24 for additional discussion. The restructuring charge paid to the Former Manager is reflected in Termination Fee to Affiliate expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

27. 

207 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately and on a timely basis. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financing Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework . 
 
 Based on our assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report appears at the beginning of Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 208 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 209 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Any information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (our Definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors and Executive Officers. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Report. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners. 
 
 See also Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan in Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement under the headings Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Determination of Director Independence and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal No. 2 Approval of Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 210 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS; FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) and (c) Financial statements and schedules: 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (b) Exhibits filed with this Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 3, 2013) 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 2, 2022) 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rithm Capital Corp. formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 17, 2014) 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rithm Capital New Residential Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Rithm Capital Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 2, 2022) 3.5 
 Certificate of Designations of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), designating the Company s 7.50 Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed July 2, 2019) 3.6 
 Certificate of Designations of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), designating the Company s 7.125 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed August 15, 2019) 3.7 
 Certificate of Designations of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), designating the Company s 6.375 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed February 14, 2020) 3.8 
 Certificate of Designations of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), designating the Company s 7.00 Fixed-Rate Reset Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed September 17, 2021) 
 4.1 
 Specimen Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-A filed July 2, 2019) 4.2 
 Specimen Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed August 15, 2019) 4.3 
 Specimen Series C Preferred Stock Certificate of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed February 14, 2020) 4.4 
 Specimen Series D Preferred Stock Certificate of Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-A, filed September 17, 2021) 
 4.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of September 7, 2018, by and among NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, New Penn Financial, LLC, d/b/a Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 7, 2018) 4.6 
 Omnibus Amendment to Term Note Indenture Supplements, dated as of August 17, 2017, by and among NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch and New Residential Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 22, 2017) 
 211 

4.7 
 Omnibus Amendment to Certain Agreements Relating to the NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1, dated as of September 7, 2018, by and among NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch, New Penn Financial, LLC, d/b/a Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing and New Residential Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 7, 2018) 4.8 
 Third Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2019, by and among NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, PHH Mortgage Corporation, HLSS Holdings, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, Newrez LLC, d/b/a Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing and Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed July 26, 2019) 4.9 
 Form of Debt Securities Indenture (including Form of Debt Security) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed May 16, 2014) 4.10 
 Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 16, 2020) 4.11 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 10.1 + 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Rithm Capital Corp. and its directors and officers 10. 2+ 
 Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Award Plan, adopted as of April 29, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 3, 2013) 10. 3+ 
 Amended and Restated Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) Nonqualified Stock Option and Incentive Plan, adopted as of November 4, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2014) 10.4 
 Investment Guidelines (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 4 to New Residential Investment Corp. s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed April 9, 2013) 10.5 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of SpringCastle Acquisition LLC, dated as of March 31, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to New Residential Investment Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016) 10.6# 
 Master Agreement, dated as July 23, 2017, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, HLSS MSR - EBO Acquisition LLC and New Residential Mortgage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017) 10.7 
 Amendment No. 1 to Master Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2017, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, HLSS MSR - EBO Acquisition LLC and New Residential Mortgage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017) 10.8# 
 Transfer Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2017, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, Ocwen Financial Corporation and New Residential Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017) 10.9# 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Transfer Agreement, dated January 18, 2018, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, New Residential Mortgage LLC, Ocwen Financial Corporation and New Residential Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018) 10.10# 
 Subservicing Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2017, by and between New Residential Mortgage LLC and Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017) 10.11# 
 Amendment No. 1 to Subservicing Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2018, by and between New Residential Mortgage LLC and Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018) 10.12 
 Amendment No. 2 to Subservicing Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and between New Residential Mortgage LLC and PHH Mortgage Corporation (as successor by merger to Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 
 212 

10.13# 
 New RMSR Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2018, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, HLSS MSR - EBO Acquisition LLC, and New Residential Mortgage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018) 10.14# 
 Amendment No. 1 to New RMSR Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2018, by and among Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC, HLSS Holdings, LLC, HLSS MSR - EBO Acquisition LLC, and New Residential Mortgage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018) 10.15 
 Amendment No. 2 to New RMSR Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and among PHH Mortgage Corporation (as successor by merger to Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC), HLSS Holdings, LLC, HLSS MSR - EBO Acquisition LLC, and New Residential Mortgage LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 
 10.16# 
 Subservicing Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2018, by and between New Penn Financial, LLC, d/b/a Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing and Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2018) 10.17 
 Amendment No. 1 to Subservicing Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and between Newrez, LLC (as successor-in-interest to New Penn Financial, LLC) d/b/a Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing and PHH Mortgage Corporation (as successor by merger to Ocwen Loan Servicing, LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 
 10.18 
 Call Rights Letter Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and Fortress Credit Opportunities V Advisors LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020) 10.19 
 Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2020, among Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.), as Parent and the Borrower, and Certain Subsidiaries of Rithm Capital Corp., as Subsidiary Guarantors, the Lenders Party thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.20 
 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2020, among each of the Pledgors Party thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.21 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant No. S1, dated May 19, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and Canyon Finance (Cayman) Limited or its permitted assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.22 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant No. S2, dated May 19, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and Canyon Finance (Cayman) Limited or its permitted assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.23 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant No. S1, dated May 27, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and CF NRS-E LLC or its permitted assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.24 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant No. S2, dated May 27, 2020, between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and CF NRS-E LLC or its permitted assigns (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.25 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 19, 2020, by and among Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and the Investors set forth on Schedule 1 thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020) 10.26 
 Internalization Agreement, dated June 17, 2022, by and between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and FIG LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 17, 2022) 10.27 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated June 17, 2022, by and between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and FIG LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 17, 2022) 10.2 8+ 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022, by and between Rithm Capital Corp. (formerly New Residential Investment Corp.) and Michael Nierenberg 
 213 

10.2 9+ 
 Offer Letter, dated as of August 1, 2022, by and between Rithm Capital Corp. and Nicola Santoro, Jr. 10.30 + 
 Offer Letter, dated as of August 1, 2022, by and between Rithm Capital Corp. and Philip Sivin 21. 1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Rithm Capital Corp. 23. 1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 31. 1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31. 2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32. 1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32. 2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted. 
 Exhibit filed herewith. 
 Exhibit furnished herewith. 
 # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
 The following second amended and restated limited liability company agreements of the Consumer Loan Companies are substantially identical in all material respects, except as to the parties thereto and the initial capital contributions required under each agreement, to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of SpringCastle Acquisition LLC that is filed as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and are being omitted in reliance on Instruction 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of SpringCastle America, LLC, dated as of March 31, 2016. 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of SpringCastle Credit, LLC, dated as of March 31, 2016. 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of SpringCastle Finance, LLC, dated as of March 31, 2016. 
 214 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING EXHIBITS 
 
 In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements proved to be inaccurate; 
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 
 may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and 
 were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . See Business Corporate Governance and Internet Address; Where Readers Can Find Additional Information. 
 
 The Company acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this report not misleading. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 215 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized: 
 
 RITHM CAPITAL CORP. By: /s/ Michael Nierenberg Michael Nierenberg Chairman of the Board February 16, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Nierenberg By: /s/ Nicola Santoro, Jr. Michael Nierenberg Nicola Santoro, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) February 16, 2023 February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Kevin J. Finnerty By: /s/ David Saltzman Kevin J. Finnerty David Saltzman Director Director February 16, 2023 February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Pamela F. Lenehan By: /s/ Andrew Sloves Pamela F. Lenehan Andrew Sloves Director Director February 16, 2023 February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Patrice M. Le Melle By: /s/ Peggy Hwan Hebard Patrice M. Le Melle Peggy Hwan Hebard Director Director February 16, 2023 February 16, 2023 
 216 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 nrz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 nrz-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 nrz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 nrz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 nrz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-4.11>
 7
 ritm-20221231exhibit411.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 

Exhibit 4.11 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 This description of the general terms and provisions of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, our 7.50 Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), our 7.125 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred Stock ), our 6.375 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series C Preferred Stock and our 7.00 Series B Fixed-Rate Reset Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series D Preferred Stock and, together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is in all respects subject to, and qualified in its entirety by references to the relevant provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, each of the certificates of designations designating the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock, our amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law. Throughout this exhibit, references to we, our, and us refer to Rithm Capital Corp. 
 Please note that, with respect to any of our shares held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company or any other share depository, the depository or its nominee will be the sole registered and legal owner of those shares, and references in this prospectus to any stockholder or holder of those shares means only the depository or its nominee. Persons who hold beneficial interests in our shares through a depository will not be registered or legal owners of those shares and will not be recognized as such for any purpose. For example, only the depository or its nominee will be entitled to vote the shares held through it, and any dividends or other distributions to be paid, and any notices to be given, in respect of those shares will be paid or given only to the depository or its nominee. Owners of beneficial interests in those shares will have to look solely to the depository with respect to any benefits of share ownership, and any rights they may have with respect to those shares will be governed by the rules of the depository, which are subject to change from time to time. We have no responsibility for those rules or their application to any interests held through the depository. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 
 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share and 
 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, 6,210,000 of which are designated as shares of Series A Preferred Stock, 11,500,000 of which are designated as shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 16,100,000 of which are designated as shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 19,550,000 of which are designated as shares of Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the directors standing for election, and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. 
 Subject to any preference rights of holders of any preferred stock that we may issue in the future, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after the payment of liabilities, subject to any rights of holders of our preferred stock to prior distribution. 

Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. All shares of common stock issued and outstanding are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without action by our stockholders, to issue preferred stock and to fix voting powers for each class or series of preferred stock, and to provide that any class or series may be subject to redemption, entitled to receive dividends, entitled to rights upon dissolution, or convertible or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes of capital stock. The rights with respect to a series or class of preferred stock may be greater than the rights attached to our common stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of our preferred stock on the rights of holders of our common stock until our board of directors determines the specific rights attached to that preferred stock. The effect of issuing preferred stock could include, among other things, one or more of the following 
 restricting dividends in respect of our common stock 
 diluting the voting power of our common stock or providing that holders of preferred stock have the right to vote on matters as a class 
 impairing the liquidation rights of our common stock or 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us. 
 Currently, we have 6,200,068 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, 11,260,712 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, 15,903,342 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 18,600,000 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. All the outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Description of Series A Preferred Stock 
 On July 2, 2019, we filed a certificate of designations (the Series A Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate 6,210,000 shares of our authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, as shares of 7.50 Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights as set forth therein. The Series A Certificate of Designations became effective upon filing on July 2, 2019 and is included as an exhibit to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. On July 2, 2019, we issued 6,210,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, 6,200,068 of which remain outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the trading symbol RITM PR A. 
 Ranking . The Series A Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (i) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us that expressly indicate are subordinated to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (ii) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us, including our Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, other than the equity securities referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) (iii) junior to all equity securities issued by us and approved by at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (iv) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and other liabilities and to all indebtedness, other liabilities and preferred equity of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of our funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends. The initial dividend rate for the Series A Preferred Stock from and including July 2, 2019 to, but excluding, August 15, 2024 (the Series A Fixed Rate Period is at the rate of 7.50 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of 

the Series A Preferred Stock per annum. On and after August 15, 2024 (the Series A Floating Rate Period ), dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accumulate at a percentage of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock equal to an annual floating rate of the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 5.802 . Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accumulate daily and are cumulative from, and including, July 2, 2019 and are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the 15th day of each February, May, August and November (each, a Dividend Payment Date provided, that if any Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding business day. Dividends payable for any Series A Dividend Period (as defined herein) during the Series A Fixed Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and dividends payable for any Series A Dividend Period during the Series A Floating Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed in such Series A Dividend Period. Dividends are payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which is the first day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, in which the applicable Dividend Payment Date falls. The dividends payable on any Dividend Payment Date include dividends accumulated to, but excluding, such Dividend Payment Date. 
 For each Series A Dividend Period during the Series A Floating Rate Period, the three-month London interbank offered rate LIBOR will be determined by us or a Calculation Agent (as defined herein) as of the applicable Dividend Determination Date, in accordance with the following provisions 
 LIBOR will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per year) for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least 1,000,000, as such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date or 
 if no such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 or if the Reuters Page LIBOR01 is not available at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date, then we will select four nationally recognized banks in the London interbank market and request that the principal London offices of those four selected banks provide us with their offered quotation for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period of three months, commencing on the first day of the applicable Series A Dividend Period, to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on that Dividend Determination Date for the applicable Series A Dividend Period. Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount equal to an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series A Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of those quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series A Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of the rates quoted at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on that Dividend Determination Date for such Series A Dividend Period by three nationally recognized banks in New York, New York selected by us, for loans in U.S. dollars to nationally recognized European banks (as selected by us), for a period of three months commencing on the first day of such Series A Dividend Period. The rates quoted must be based on an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at that time. If no quotation is provided as described above, then if a Calculation Agent has not been appointed at such time, we will appoint a Calculation Agent who shall, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates or display page, shall determine LIBOR for the second London Business Day (as defined herein) immediately preceding the first day of the applicable Series A Dividend Period in its sole discretion. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to determine LIBOR as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, then LIBOR will be equal to three-month LIBOR rate for the then current Series A Dividend Period, or, in the case of the first Series A Dividend Period in the Series A Floating Rate Period, the most recent dividend rate that would have been determined based on the last available Reuters Page LIBOR01 had the Series A Floating Rate Period been applicable prior to the first Series A Dividend Period in the Series A Floating Rate Period. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we determine on the relevant Dividend Determination Date that LIBOR has been discontinued, then we will appoint a Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will consult with an investment bank of national standing to determine whether there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate to three-month LIBOR rate. If, after such consultation, the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate, the Calculation Agent shall use such substitute or successor base rate. In such case, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may (without implying a corresponding obligation to do so) also implement changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the Dividend Determination Date and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on the relevant Business Day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. Unless the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate as so provided above, the Calculation Agent will, in consultation with us, follow the steps specified in the second bullet point in the immediately preceding paragraph in order to determine three-month LIBOR rate for the applicable Series A Dividend Period. 
 Calculation Agent means a third party independent financial institution of national standing with experience providing such services, which has been selected by us. 
 Dividend Determination Date means the second London Business Day immediately preceding the first date of the applicable dividend period. 
 Series A Dividend Period means the period from, and including, the immediately preceding Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the applicable Dividend Payment Date, except for the initial Series A Dividend Period, which will be the period from, and including, the original issue date of the Series A Preferred Stock to, but excluding, November 15, 2019 (long first dividend period). 
 London Business Day means any day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 Reuters Page LIBOR01 means the display so designated on the Reuters 3000 Xtra (or such other page as may replace the LIBOR01 page on that service, or such other service as may be nominated by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or ICE, or its successor, or such other entity assuming the responsibility of ICE or its successor in the event ICE or its successor no longer does so, as the successor service, for the purpose of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits). 
 Liquidation Preference . In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may lawfully issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock that we may issue that ranks junior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 Redemption . The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to August 15, 2024, except under circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and except upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Series A Certificate of Designations). On and after August 15, 2024, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 

Maturity . The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless (i) we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series A Preferred Stock or (ii) the Series A Preferred Stock becomes convertible and is actually converted in connection with a Change of Control by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (voting together as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election referred to below) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors until we pay all dividends that we owe on the Series A Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock is required for us to authorize or issue any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to amend any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or to take certain other actions. 
 Conversion . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right (subject to our election to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or in part, as described above, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined in the Series A Certificate of Designations)) to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock determined by a formula, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the Series A Certificate of Designations, including provisions for the receipt, under specified circumstances, of alternative consideration. 
 Description of Series B Preferred Stock 
 On August 15, 2019, we filed a certificate of designations (the Series B Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate 11,500,000 shares of our authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, as shares of 7.125 Series B Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights as set forth therein. The Series B Certificate of Designations became effective upon filing on August 15, 2019 and is included as an exhibit to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. On August 15, 2019, we issued 10,000,000 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, and on August 21, 2019, the underwriters exercised a portion of their overallotment option, resulting in the issuance of an additional 1,300,000 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock. 11,260,712 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock remain outstanding. The Series B Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol RITM PR B. 
 Ranking . The Series B Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (i) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us that expressly indicate are subordinated to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (ii) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us, including our Series A Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, other than the equity securities referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) (iii) junior to all equity securities issued by us and approved by at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (iv) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and other liabilities and to all indebtedness, other liabilities and preferred equity of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of our funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends. The initial dividend rate for the Series B Preferred Stock from and including August 15, 2019 to, but excluding, 

August 15, 2024 (the Series B Fixed Rate Period is at the rate of 7.125 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series B Preferred Stock per annum. On and after August 15, 2024 (the Series B Floating Rate Period ), dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock accumulate at a percentage of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series B Preferred Stock equal to an annual floating rate of the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 5.640 . Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock accumulate daily and are cumulative from, and including, August 15, 2019 and are payable quarterly in arrears on or about the Dividend Payment Date provided, that if any Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding business day. Dividends payable for any Series B Dividend Period (as defined herein) during the Series B Fixed Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and dividends payable for any Series B Dividend Period during the Series B Floating Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed in such Series B Dividend Period. Dividends are payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series B Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which is the first day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, in which the applicable Dividend Payment Date falls. The dividends payable on any Dividend Payment Date include dividends accumulated to, but excluding, such Dividend Payment Date. 
 For each Series B Dividend Period during the Series B Floating Rate Period, the three-month LIBOR rate will be determined by us or a Calculation Agent as of the applicable Dividend Determination Date, in accordance with the following provisions 
 LIBOR will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per year) for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least 1,000,000, as such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date or 
 if no such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 or if the Reuters Page LIBOR01 is not available at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date, then we will select four nationally recognized banks in the London interbank market and request that the principal London offices of those four selected banks provide us with their offered quotation for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period of three months, commencing on the first day of the applicable Series B Dividend Period, to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on that Dividend Determination Date for the applicable Series B Dividend Period. Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount equal to an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series B Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of those quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series B Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of the rates quoted at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on that Dividend Determination Date for such Series B Dividend Period by three nationally recognized banks in New York, New York selected by us, for loans in U.S. dollars to nationally recognized European banks (as selected by us), for a period of three months commencing on the first day of such Series B Dividend Period. The rates quoted must be based on an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at that time. If no quotation is provided as described above, then if a Calculation Agent has not been appointed at such time, we will appoint a Calculation Agent who shall, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates or display page, shall determine LIBOR for the second London Business Day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable Series B Dividend Period in its sole discretion. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to determine LIBOR as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, then LIBOR will be equal to Three-Month LIBOR for the then current Series B Dividend Period, or, in the case of the first Series B Dividend Period in the 

Series B Floating Rate Period, the most recent dividend rate that would have been determined based on the last available Reuters Page LIBOR01 had the Series B Floating Rate Period been applicable prior to the first Series B Dividend Period in the Series B Floating Rate Period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we determine on the relevant Dividend Determination Date that LIBOR has been discontinued, then we will appoint a Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will consult with an investment bank of national standing to determine whether there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate to three-month LIBOR rate. If, after such consultation, the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate, the Calculation Agent shall use such substitute or successor base rate. In such case, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may (without implying a corresponding obligation to do so) also implement changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the Dividend Determination Date and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on the relevant Business Day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. Unless the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate as so provided above, the Calculation Agent will, in consultation with us, follow the steps specified in the second bullet point in the immediately preceding paragraph in order to determine three-month LIBOR rate for the applicable Series B Dividend Period. 
 Series B Dividend Period means the period from, and including, the immediately preceding Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the applicable Dividend Payment Date, except for the initial Series B Dividend Period, which will be the period from, and including, the original issue date of the Series B Preferred Stock, but excluding, November 15, 2019. 
 Liquidation Preference . In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may lawfully issue ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock that we may issue that ranks junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 Redemption . The Series B Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to August 15, 2024, except under circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and except upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Series B Certificate of Designations). On and after August 15, 2024, we may, at our option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 
 Maturity . The Series B Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless (i) we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series B Preferred Stock or (ii) the Series B Preferred Stock becomes convertible and is actually converted in connection with a Change of Control by the holders of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock (voting together as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series B Preferred Stock in the election referred to below) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors until we pay all 

dividends that we owe on the Series B Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock is required for us to authorize or issue any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to amend any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Series B Preferred Stock or to take certain other actions. 
 Conversion . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock will have the right (subject to our election to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock in whole or in part, as described above, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined in the Series B Certificate of Designations)) to convert some or all of the Series B Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series B Preferred Stock determined by a formula, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the Series B Certificate of Designations, including provisions for the receipt, under specified circumstances, of alternative consideration. 
 Description of Series C Preferred Stock 
 On February 14, 2020, we filed a certificate of designations (the Series C Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate 16,100,000 shares of our authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, as shares of 6.375 Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights as set forth therein. The Series C Certificate of Designations became effective upon filing on February 14, 2020 and is included as an exhibit to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. On February 14, 2020, we issued 14,000,000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, and on February 21, 2020, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full, resulting in the issuance of an additional 2,100,000 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock. We have 15,903,342 shares of the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. The Series C Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol RITM PR C. 
 Ranking . The Series C Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (i) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us that expressly indicate are subordinated to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (ii) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us, including our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, other than the equity securities referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) (iii) junior to all equity securities issued by us and approved by at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (iv) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and other liabilities and to all indebtedness, other liabilities and preferred equity of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of our funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends. The initial dividend rate for the Series C Preferred Stock from and including February 14, 2020 to, but excluding, February 15, 2025 (the Series C Fixed Rate Period is at the rate of 6.375 of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series C Preferred Stock per annum. On and after February 15, 2025 (the Series C Floating Rate Period ), dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock accumulate at a percentage of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series C Preferred Stock equal to an annual floating rate of the three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 4.969 . Dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock accumulate daily and are cumulative from, and including, February 14, 2020 and are payable quarterly in arrears on or about Dividend Payment Date provided, that if any Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, then the dividend which would otherwise have been payable on that Dividend Payment Date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after such Dividend Payment Date to such next succeeding business day. Dividends payable for any Series C Dividend Period (as defined herein) during the Series C Fixed Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and dividends 

payable for any Series C Dividend Period during the Series C Floating Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the number of days actually elapsed in such Series C Dividend Period. Dividends are payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series C Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which is the first day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, in which the applicable Dividend Payment Date falls. The dividends payable on any Dividend Payment Date include dividends accumulated to, but excluding, such Dividend Payment Date. 
 For each Series C Dividend Period during the Series C Floating Rate Period, the three-month LIBOR rate will be determined by us or a Calculation Agent as of the applicable Dividend Determination Date, in accordance with the following provisions 
 LIBOR will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per year) for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least 1,000,000, as such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date or 
 if no such rate appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01 or if the Reuters Page LIBOR01 is not available at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Dividend Determination Date, then we will select four nationally recognized banks in the London interbank market and request that the principal London offices of those four selected banks provide us with their offered quotation for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period of three months, commencing on the first day of the applicable Series C Dividend Period, to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately 11 00 a.m. (London time) on that Dividend Determination Date for the applicable Series C Dividend Period. Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount equal to an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series C Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of those quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided, the three-month LIBOR rate for such Series C Dividend Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward if necessary, to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of the rates quoted at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) on that Dividend Determination Date for such Series C Dividend Period by three nationally recognized banks in New York, New York selected by us, for loans in U.S. dollars to nationally recognized European banks (as selected by us), for a period of three months commencing on the first day of such Series C Dividend Period. The rates quoted must be based on an amount that, in our discretion, is representative of a single transaction in U.S. dollars in that market at that time. If no quotation is provided as described above, then if a Calculation Agent has not been appointed at such time, we will appoint a Calculation Agent who shall, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates or display page, shall determine LIBOR for the second London Business Day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable Series C Dividend Period in its sole discretion. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to determine LIBOR as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, then LIBOR will be equal to Three-Month LIBOR for the then current Series C Dividend Period, or, in the case of the first Series C Dividend Period in the Series C Floating Rate Period, the most recent dividend rate that would have been determined based on the last available Reuters Page LIBOR01 had the Series C Floating Rate Period been applicable prior to the first Series C Dividend Period in the Series C Floating Rate Period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we determine on the relevant Dividend Determination Date that LIBOR has been discontinued, then we will appoint a Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will consult with an investment bank of national standing to determine whether there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate to three-month LIBOR rate. If, after such consultation, the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate, the Calculation Agent shall use such substitute or successor base rate. In such case, the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion may (without implying a corresponding obligation to do so) also implement changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the Dividend 

Determination Date and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on the relevant Business Day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. Unless the Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate as so provided above, the Calculation Agent will, in consultation with us, follow the steps specified in the second bullet point in the immediately preceding paragraph in order to determine three-month LIBOR rate for the applicable Series C Dividend Period. 
 Series C Dividend Period means the period from, and including, the immediately preceding Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the applicable Dividend Payment Date, except for the initial Series C Dividend Period, which will be the period from, and including, the original issue date of the Series C Preferred Stock, but excluding, May 15, 2020. 
 Liquidation Preference . In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may lawfully issue ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock that we may issue that ranks junior to the Series C Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 Redemption . The Series C Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to February 15, 2025, except under circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and except upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations). On and after February 15, 2025, we may, at our option, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 
 Maturity . The Series C Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless (i) we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series C Preferred Stock or (ii) the Series C Preferred Stock becomes convertible and is actually converted in connection with a Change of Control by the holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock (voting together as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series C Preferred Stock in the election referred to below) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors until we pay all dividends that we owe on the Series C Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock is required for us to authorize or issue any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to amend any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Series C Preferred Stock or to take certain other actions. 
 Conversion . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series C Preferred Stock will have the right (subject to our election to redeem the Series C Preferred Stock in whole or in part, as described above, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations)) to convert some or 

all of the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series C Preferred Stock determined by a formula, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the Series C Certificate of Designations, including provisions for the receipt, under specified circumstances, of alternative consideration. 
 Description of Series D Preferred Stock 
 On September 17, 2021, we filed a certificate of designations (the Series D Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to designate 19,550,000 shares of our authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, as shares of 7.00 Fixed-Rate Reset Series D Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock with the powers, designations, preferences and other rights as set forth therein. The Series D Certificate of Designations became effective upon filing on September 17, 2021 and is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. On September 17, 2021, we issued 17,000,000 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock, and on September 22, 2021 the underwriters exercised a portion of their overallotment option, resulting in the issuance of an additional 1,600,000 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock, all 18,600,000 of which remain outstanding. The Series D Preferred Stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol RITM PR D. 
 Ranking . The Series D Preferred Stock ranks, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (i) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us that expressly indicate are subordinated to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (ii) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us, including our Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, other than the equity securities referred to in clauses (i) and (iii) (iii) junior to all equity securities issued by us and approved by at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Series D Preferred Stock with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (iv) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and other liabilities and to all indebtedness, other liabilities and preferred equity of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. 
 Dividends . Holders of shares of the Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors, out of our funds legally available for such purpose, cumulative cash dividends based on the stated liquidation preference of 25.00 per share of Series D Preferred Stock at a rate equal to (i) for each Series D Dividend Period (as defined herein) from, and including, the original issue date of the Series D Preferred Stock to, but excluding November 15, 2026 (the First Reset Date ), 7.00 per annum, and (ii) for each Series D Dividend Period beginning on the First Reset Date, during each Reset Period (as defined herein), the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent day falling three business days prior to the beginning of such Reset Period plus 6.223 per annum. Reset Date means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding Reset Date, whether or not a Business Day. Reset Period means the period from, and including, the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date and thereafter each period from, and including, each Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following Reset Date. 
 When, as, and if declared by our board of directors, we will pay cash dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock quarterly, in arrears, on or about the Dividend Payment Date, beginning on November 15, 2021. We will pay cash dividends to the holders of record of Series D Preferred Stock as they appear on our share register on the applicable record date, which for any Dividend Payment Date shall be the first day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, in which the applicable Dividend Payment Date falls. 
 So long as the Series D Preferred Stock are held of record by the nominee of the securities depositary, declared dividends will be paid to the securities depositary in same-day funds on each Dividend Payment Date. The securities depositary will credit accounts of its participants in accordance with the securities depositary s normal procedures. The participants will be responsible for holding or disbursing such payments to beneficial owners of the Series D Preferred Stock in accordance with the instructions of such beneficial owners. 

If any Dividend Payment Date is a day that is not a business day, then declared dividends with respect to that Dividend Payment Date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. 
 Series D Dividend Period means the period from, and including, the immediately preceding Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the applicable Dividend Payment Date, except for the initial Series D Dividend Period, which will be the period from, and including, the original issue date of the Series D Preferred Stock but excluding November 15, 2021. 
 Liquidation Preference . In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may lawfully issue ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock that we may issue that ranks junior to the Series D Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 
 Redemption . The Series D Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to November 15, 2026, except under circumstances intended to preserve our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and except upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designations). On and after November 15, 2026, we may, at our option, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, redeem the Series D Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of twenty-five dollars 25.00) per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not authorized or declared) to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 
 Maturity . The Series D Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption, and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless (i) we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase the Series D Preferred Stock or (ii) the Series D Preferred Stock becomes convertible and is actually converted in connection with a Change of Control by the holders of Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock for six or more quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock (voting together as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock that we have issued or may issue and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series D Preferred Stock in the election referred to below) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors until we pay all dividends that we owe on the Series D Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock is required for us to authorize or issue any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up, to amend any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Series D Preferred Stock or to take certain other actions. 
 Conversion . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, each holder of Series D Preferred Stock will have the right (subject to our election to redeem the Series D Preferred Stock in whole or in part, as described above, prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designations)) to convert some or all of the Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of shares of our common stock per share of Series D Preferred Stock determined by a formula, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the Series D Certificate of Designations, including provisions for the receipt, under specified circumstances, of alternative consideration. 

Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer of Capital Stock 
 In order to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for each taxable year beginning after December 31, 2013, our shares of capital stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, for our taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013, no more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the second half of any calendar year. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on the number of shares of our capital stock that a person may own and may prohibit certain entities from owning our shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that (subject to certain exceptions described below) no person may beneficially or constructively own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding shares of common or capital stock. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the power to increase or decrease the percentage of common or capital stock that a person may beneficially or constructively own. However, any decreased stock ownership limit will not apply to any person whose percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, is in excess of such decreased stock ownership limit until that person s percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, equals or falls below the decreased stock ownership limit. Until such a person s percentage ownership of our common or capital stock, as the case may be, falls below such decreased stock ownership limit, any further acquisition of common stock will be in violation of the decreased stock ownership limit. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our capital stock that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT (including through ownership that results in our owning (actually or constructively) an interest in a tenant as described in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) and from transferring shares of our capital stock if the transfer would result in our capital stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons. Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership, or who is the intended transferee of shares of our capital stock that are transferred to the trust (as described below), is required to give written notice immediately to us and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our qualification as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. 
 Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a person from the foregoing restrictions. The person seeking an exemption must provide to our board of directors such conditions, representations and undertakings as our board of directors may deem reasonably necessary to conclude that granting the exemption will not cause us to lose our qualification as a REIT. Our board of directors may also require a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service IRS or an opinion of counsel in order to determine or ensure our qualification as a REIT in the context of granting such exemptions. 
 Any attempted transfer of our capital stock which, if effective, would result in a violation of the foregoing restrictions will cause the number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) prior to the date of the transfer. If, for any reason, the transfer to the trust does not occur or would not prevent a violation of the restrictions on ownership contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the purported transfer will be void ab initio. Shares of our capital stock held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of our capital stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of capital stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will 

be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares of capital stock have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Delaware law, the trustee will have the authority to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon such sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows the proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust (e.g., a gift, devise or other similar transaction), the market price (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (2) the price received by the trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trust may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends and distributions paid to the proposed transferee and owned by the proposed transferee to the trust. 
 Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that shares of our capital stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then (1) the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (2) to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount the proposed transferee was entitled to receive, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 In addition, shares of our capital stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift) and the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) in number or in value of all classes or series of our capital stock, including shares of our common stock, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, will be required to give written notice to us stating the name and address of such owner, the number of shares of each class and series of shares of our capital stock that the owner beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each owner shall provide to us such additional information as we may request to determine the effect, if any, of the beneficial ownership on our qualification as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limitations. In addition, each such owner shall, upon demand, be required to provide to us such information as we may request, in good faith, to determine our qualification as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance and to ensure compliance with the 9.8 ownership limitations in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 These ownership limitations could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The registrar and transfer agent for our common stock and preferred stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. 

Listing 
 The NYSE lists our common stock under the trading symbol RITM, formerly NRZ, our Series A Preferred Stock under the trading symbol RITM PR A, formerly NRZ PR A, our Series B Preferred Stock under the trading symbol RITM PR B, formerly NRZ PR B, our Series C Preferred Stock under the trading symbol RITM PR C, formerly NRZ PR C, and our Series D Preferred Stock under the trading symbol RITM PR D, formerly NRZ PR D. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law, Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 The following is a summary of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. The statements below are in all respects subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and our preferred stock will be available for future issuance without obtaining stockholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital and corporate acquisitions. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control over us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Delaware Business Combination Statute 
 We are organized under Delaware law. Some provisions of Delaware law may delay, defer or prevent a transaction that would cause a change in our control. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, an anti-takeover law, will not apply to us. In general, this statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction by which that person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. For purposes of Section 203, a business combination includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder, and an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior, did own, 15 or more of voting stock. 
 Other Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a staggered board of directors consisting of three classes of directors. Directors of each class are chosen for three-year terms upon the expiration of their current terms and each year one class of our directors will be elected by our stockholders. The terms of the first, second and third classes will expire in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We believe that classification of our board of directors helps to assure the continuity and stability of our business strategies and policies as determined by our board of directors. Additionally, there is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. This classified board provision could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult. At least two annual meetings of stockholders, instead of one, will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our board of directors. 
 Thus, the classified board provision could increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. The staggered terms of directors may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or an attempt to change control of us, even though a tender offer or change in control might be believed by our stockholders to be in their best interest. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that directors may be removed only for cause and 

only with the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the then issued and outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, shares of our preferred stock may be issued from time to time, and the board of directors is authorized to determine and alter all rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions without limitation. 
 Ability of Our Stockholders to Act 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not permit our stockholders to call special stockholders meetings. Written notice of any special meeting so called shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting not less than 10 or more than 60 days before the date of such meeting, unless otherwise required by law. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also prohibits our stockholders from consenting in writing to take any action in lieu of taking such action at a duly called annual or special meeting of our stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that nominations of persons for election to our board of directors may be made at any annual meeting of our stockholders, or at any special meeting of our stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (a) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (b) by any of our stockholders. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to our Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at our principal executive offices (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 25 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by a stockholder in order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs and (ii) in the case of a special meeting, not later than the tenth day following the day on which such notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever first occurs. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of a fiduciary duty as a director, except for 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, 
 intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 liability under Delaware corporate law for an unlawful payment of dividends or an unlawful stock purchase or redemption of stock or 
 any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We are also expressly authorized to advance certain expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements and court costs) to our directors and officers and carry directors and officers insurance providing indemnification for our directors and officers for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. 

We have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement provides, among other things, for indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation against (i) any and all expenses and liabilities, including judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement of any claim with our approval and counsel fees and disbursements, (ii) any liability pursuant to a loan guarantee, or otherwise, for any of our indebtedness, and (iii) any liabilities incurred as a result of acting on our behalf (as a fiduciary or otherwise) in connection with an employee benefit plan. The indemnification agreements provide for the advancement or payment of all expenses to the indemnitee and for reimbursement to us if it is found that such indemnitee is not entitled to such indemnification under applicable law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 These provisions and agreements may have the practical effect in some cases of eliminating our stockholders ability to collect monetary damages from our directors and executive officers. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.1>
 8
 ritm-20221231exhibit101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.1 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 AGREEMENT, dated as of (this Agreement ), between Rithm Capital Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Indemnitee ). 
 WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available 
 WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director and or officer of the Company 
 WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies in today s environment 
 WHEREAS, the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended from time to time Certificate of Incorporation ), and Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended from time to time Bylaws ), require the Company to indemnify and advance expenses to its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law and the Indemnitee has been serving and continues to serve as a director and or officer of the Company in part in reliance on such Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company Board of Directors has determined that the inability of the Company to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons would be detrimental to the interests of the Company and that the Company therefore should seek to assure such persons that indemnification and insurance coverage will be available in the future 
 WHEREAS, the parties intend that any rights the Indemnitee may have from Indemnitee-Related Entities (as defined herein) shall be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnitee under this Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, in recognition of Indemnitee s need for protection against personal liability, and in part to provide Indemnitee with specific contractual assurance that the protection promised by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws will be available to Indemnitee (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to or revocation of such Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or any change in the composition of the Company s Board of Directors or acquisition transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancing of expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent (whether partial or complete) permitted by law and as set forth in this Agreement, and for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the directors and officers liability insurance policy of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of Indemnitee continuing to serve the Company directly or, at its request, another enterprise, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Certain Definitions . In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement 
 a. Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said 

Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 20 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding Voting Securities, or (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors and any new director whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof, or (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 80 of the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of (in one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 b. Claim means any threatened, asserted, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other, including any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution mechanism, or any appeal of any kind thereof, or any inquiry or investigation, whether instituted by (or in the right of) the Company or any governmental agency or any other person or entity, in which Indemnitee was, is, may be or will be involved as a party, witness or otherwise. 
 c. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 d. Expenses include attorneys fees and all other direct or indirect costs, expenses and obligations, including judgments, fines, penalties, interest, appeal bonds, and counsel fees and disbursements (including, without limitation, experts fees, court costs, retainers, appeal bond premiums, transcript fees, duplicating, printing and binding costs, as well as telecommunications, postage and courier charges) paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to investigate, defend, be a witness in or participate in, any Claim relating to any Indemnifiable Event, and shall include (without limitation) all attorneys fees and all other expenses incurred by or on behalf of an Indemnitee in connection with preparing and submitting any requests or statements for indemnification, advancement or any other right provided by this Agreement (including, without limitation, such fees or expenses incurred in connection with legal proceedings contemplated by Section 2(d) hereof). 
 e. Indemnifiable Amounts means (i) any and all liabilities, Expenses, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, ERISA excise taxes and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such liabilities, Expenses, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, ERISA excise taxes or amounts paid in settlement) arising out of or resulting from any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event, (ii) any liability pursuant to a loan guaranty or otherwise, for any indebtedness of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, including, without limitation, any indebtedness which the Company or any subsidiary of the Company has assumed or taken subject to, and (iii) any liabilities which an Indemnitee incurs as a result of acting on behalf of the Company (whether as a fiduciary or otherwise) in connection with the operation, administration or maintenance of an employee benefit plan or any related trust or funding mechanism (whether such liabilities are in the form of excise taxes assessed by the United States Internal Revenue Service, penalties assessed by the 
 2 

Department of Labor, restitutions to such a plan or trust or other funding mechanism or to a participant or beneficiary of such plan, trust or other funding mechanism, or otherwise). 
 f. Indemnifiable Event means any event or occurrence, whether occurring before, on or after the date of this Agreement, related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director and or officer or fiduciary of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, manager, member, partner, tax matter partner, trustee, agent, fiduciary or similar capacity, of another company, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other entity or enterprise, or by reason of anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity (in all cases whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in any such capacity or has such status at the time any Indemnifiable Amount is incurred for which indemnification, advancement or any other right can be provided by this Agreement). The term Company, where the context requires when used in this Agreement, may be construed to include such other company, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other entity or enterprise. 
 g. Indemnitee-Related Entities means any company, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other entity or enterprise (other than the Company or any other company, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other entity or enterprise Indemnitee has agreed, on behalf of the Company or at the Company s request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described in this Agreement) from whom an Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Company may also have an indemnification or advancement obligation. 
 h. Independent Legal Counsel means an attorney or firm of attorneys (following a Change in Control, selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 hereof) who is experienced in matters of corporate law and who shall not have otherwise performed services for the Company or Indemnitee within the last five years (other than with respect to matters concerning the rights of Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnity agreements). 
 i. Jointly Indemnifiable Claim means any Claim for which the Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification from both an Indemnitee-Related Entity and the Company pursuant to applicable law, any indemnification agreement or the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable organizational documents of the Company and an Indemnitee-Related Entity. 
 j. Reviewing Party means any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the Board of Directors or any other person or body appointed by the Board of Directors who is not a party to the particular Claim for which Indemnitee is seeking indemnification, or Independent Legal Counsel. 
 k. Voting Securities means any securities of the Company which vote generally in the election of directors. 
 2. Basic Indemnification Arrangement Advancement of Expenses . 
 a. In the event Indemnitee was, is or becomes a party to or witness or other participant in, or is threatened to be made a party to or witness or other participant in, a Claim by reason of (or arising in part out of) an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall indemnify 
 2 

Indemnitee, or cause Indemnitee to be indemnified, to the fullest extent permitted by law as soon as practicable but in any event no later than thirty (30) days after written demand is presented to the Company, against any and all Indemnifiable Amounts. 
 b. If so requested by Indemnitee, the Company shall advance, or cause to be advanced (within two business days of such request), any and all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (an Expense Advance ). The Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), either (i) pay, or cause to be paid, such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, or (ii) reimburse, or cause the reimbursement of, Indemnitee for such Expenses. Subject to Section 2(d), Indemnitee s right to an Expense Advance is absolute and shall not be subject to any prior determination by the Reviewing Party that the Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct for indemnification. 
 c. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Claim initiated by Indemnitee unless (i) the Company has joined in or the Board of Directors has authorized or consented to the initiation of such Claim or (ii) the Claim is one to enforce Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 
 d. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the indemnification obligations of the Company under Section 2(a) shall be subject to the condition that the Reviewing Party shall not have determined (in a written opinion, in any case in which the Independent Legal Counsel is involved as required by Section 3 hereof) that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law, and (ii) the obligation of the Company to make an Expense Advance pursuant to Section 2(b) shall be subject to the condition that, if, when and to the extent that the Reviewing Party determines (in a written opinion, in any case in which the Independent Legal Counsel is involved as required by Section 3 hereof) that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be so indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse the Company) for all such amounts theretofore paid (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing agreement by Indemnitee shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement that Indemnitee provide the Company with an undertaking to repay any Expense Advance if it is ultimately determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under applicable law) provided, however, that if Indemnitee has commenced or thereafter commences legal proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law, any determination made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding and Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance until a final judicial determination is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed). Indemnitee s undertaking to repay such Expense Advances shall be unsecured and interest-free. If there has not been a Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be selected by the Board of Directors, and if there has been such a Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be the Independent Legal Counsel referred to in Section 3 hereof. If there has been no determination by the Reviewing Party within thirty (30) days after written demand is presented to the Company or if the Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be indemnified in whole or in part under applicable law, Indemnitee shall have the right to commence litigation in any court in the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and in which venue is proper seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging any such determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof, including the legal or factual bases therefor, and the Company hereby consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any determination by the 
 2 

Reviewing Party otherwise shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and Indemnitee. 
 3. Change in Control . The Company agrees that if there is a Change in Control then with respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnity payments and Expense Advances under this Agreement or any provision of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws now or hereafter in effect, the Company shall seek legal advice only from Independent Legal Counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld). Such counsel, among other things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent the Indemnitee would be permitted to be indemnified under applicable law. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Legal Counsel and to indemnify fully such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 4. Indemnification for Additional Expenses . The Company shall indemnify, or cause the indemnification of, Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall advance such Expenses to Indemnitee subject to and in accordance with Section 2(b), which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any action brought by Indemnitee for (i) indemnification or an Expense Advance by the Company under this Agreement or any provision of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws now or hereafter in effect and or (ii) recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, Expense Advance or insurance recovery, as the case may be provided that Indemnitee shall be required to reimburse such Expenses in the event that a final judicial determination is made (as to which all rights of appeal therefrom have been exhausted or lapsed) that such action brought by Indemnitee, or the defense by Indemnitee of an action brought by the Company or any other person, as applicable, was frivolous or in bad faith. 
 5. Partial Indemnity, Etc. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of the Expenses or other Indemnifiable Amounts in respect of a Claim but not, however, for all of the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. Moreover, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any or all Claims relating in whole or in part to an Indemnifiable Event or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred in connection therewith. 
 6. Burden of Proof, Etc. In connection with any determination by the Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified hereunder the Reviewing Party, court, any finder of fact or other relevant person shall presume that the Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable standard of conduct and is entitled to indemnification, and the burden of proof shall be on the Company (or any other person or entity disputing such conclusions) to establish, by clear and convincing evidence, that Indemnitee is not so entitled. 
 7. Reliance as Safe Harbor . For purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company if Indemnitee s actions or omissions to act are taken in good faith reliance upon the records of the Company, including its financial statements, or upon information, opinions, reports or statements furnished to Indemnitee by the officers or employees of the Company in the course of their duties, or by committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other person (including legal counsel, accountants and financial advisors) as to matters Indemnitee reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company. In addition, the knowledge and or actions, or failures to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnity hereunder. 
 8. No Other Presumptions . For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of 
 2 

conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. In addition, neither the failure of the Reviewing Party to have made a determination as to whether Indemnitee has met any particular standard of conduct or had any particular belief, nor an actual determination by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee has not met such standard of conduct or did not have such belief, prior to the commencement of legal proceedings by Indemnitee to secure a judicial determination that Indemnitee should be indemnified under applicable law shall be a defense to Indemnitee s claim or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any particular standard of conduct or did not have any particular belief. 
 9. Nonexclusivity, Etc. The rights of the Indemnitee hereunder shall be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or the Delaware General Corporation Law or otherwise. To the extent that a change in applicable law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification by agreement than would be afforded currently under the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by such change. To the extent that there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, it is the intent of the parties hereto that the Indemnitee shall enjoy the greater benefits regardless of whether contained herein or in the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws. No amendment or alteration of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or any other agreement shall adversely affect the rights provided to Indemnitee under this Agreement. 
 10. Liability Insurance . To the extent the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing directors and officers liability insurance, the Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for the Company s directors and officers. If the Company has such insurance in effect at the time the Company receives from Indemnitee any notice of the commencement of an action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the policy. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policy. 
 11. Period of Limitations . No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern. 
 12. Amendments, Etc. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 13. Subrogation . Subject to Section 14 hereof, in the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do everything that may be reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. The Company shall pay or reimburse all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such subrogation. 
 14. Jointly Indemnifiable Claims . Given that certain Jointly Indemnifiable Claims may arise due to the relationship between the Indemnitee-Related Entities and the Company and the service of the Indemnitee as a director and or officer of the Company at the request of the Indemnitee-Related Entities, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible for the payment to the Indemnitee in respect of indemnification and advancement of expenses in connection with any such Jointly Indemnifiable Claim, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, irrespective of any right of 
 2 

recovery the Indemnitee may have from the Indemnitee-Related Entities. Under no circumstance shall the Company be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by the Indemnitee-Related Entities and no right of recovery the Indemnitee may have from the Indemnitee-Related Entities shall reduce or otherwise alter the rights of the Indemnitee or the obligations of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of the Indemnitee-Related Entities shall make any payment to the Indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of Expenses with respect to any Jointly Indemnifiable Claim, the Company agrees that such payment or advancement shall not extinguish or affect in any way the rights of the Indemnitee under this Agreement and further agrees that the Indemnitee-Related Entity making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Indemnitee against the Company. Each of the Indemnitee-Related Entities shall be third-party beneficiaries with respect to this Section 14, entitled to enforce this Section 14 against the Company as though each such Indemnitee-Related Entity were a party to this Agreement. 
 15. No Duplication of Payments . Subject to Section 14 hereof, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Claim made against Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment (under any insurance policy, or any provision of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 16. Defense of Claims . The Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event or to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee provided that if Indemnitee believes, after consultation with counsel selected by Indemnitee, that (i) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual or potential conflict of interest, (ii) the named parties in any such Claim (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company, and Indemnitee and Indemnitee concludes that there may be one or more legal defenses available to him or her that are different from or in addition to those available to the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any particular Claim) at the Company s expense. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event effected without the Company s prior written consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee, effect any settlement of any Claim relating to an Indemnifiable Event which the Indemnitee is or could have been a party unless such settlement solely involves the payment of money and includes a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee from all liability on all claims that are the subject matter of such Claim. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its or his or her consent to any proposed settlement provided that Indemnitee may withhold consent to any settlement that does not provide a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee. In no event shall Indemnitee be required to waive, prejudice or limit attorney-client privilege or work-product protection or other applicable privilege or protection. 
 17. No Adverse Settlement . The Company shall not seek, nor shall it agree to, consent to, support, or agree not to contest any settlement or other resolution of any Claim(s), or settlement or other resolution of any other claim, action, proceeding, demand, investigation or other matter that has the actual or purported effect of extinguishing, limiting or impairing Indemnitee s rights hereunder, including without limitation the entry of any bar order or other order, decree or stipulation, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78u-4 (the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act), or any similar foreign, federal or state statute, regulation, rule or law. 
 18. Binding Effect, Etc. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, (including any direct or indirect successor or continuing company by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee and his or her counsel, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken 
 2 

place. This Agreement shall continue in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as an officer and or director of the Company or of any other entity or enterprise at the Company s request. 
 19. Security . To the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board of Directors, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the obligations of the Company hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral or by other means. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of such Indemnitee. 
 20. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable and to give effect to the terms of this Agreement. 
 21. Specific Performance, Etc. The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the Company, Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such violation, Indemnitee shall be entitled, if Indemnitee so elects, to institute proceedings, either in law or at equity, to obtain damages, to enforce specific performance, to enjoin such violation, or to obtain any relief or any combination of the foregoing as Indemnitee may elect to pursue. 
 22. Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder to any party shall be deemed to be sufficient if contained in a written document delivered in person or sent by e-mail, nationally recognized overnight courier or personal delivery, addressed to such party at the address set forth below or such other address as may hereafter be designated on the signature pages of this Agreement or in writing by such party to the other parties 
 a. If to the Company, to 
 Rithm Capital Corp. 799 Broadway, 8 th Floor New York, NY 10003 
 Attention Email 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP One Manhattan West New York, New York 10001 Attn Joseph A. Coco, Esq. 
 Peter D. Serating, Esq. Email joseph.coco skadden.com 
 peter.serating skadden.com 
 b. If to the Indemnitee, to the address set forth on the signature page hereto. 
 All such notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be deemed to have been given or made if and when received (including by overnight courier) by the parties at the above addresses or sent by electronic transmission to the e-mail address specified above provided that no error message or other notification of non-delivery is generated) (or at such other address or e-mail address for a party as shall be specified by like notice). Any 
 2 

notice delivered by any party hereto to any other party hereto shall also be delivered to each other party hereto simultaneously with delivery to the first party receiving such notice. If more than one method for sending notice as set forth above is used, the earliest notice date established as set forth above shall control. 
 23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed electronically and in counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 
 24. Headings . The headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction or interpretation thereof. 
 25. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in such state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. 
 Signature page follows. 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 RITHM CAPITAL CORP. 
 By ____________________________ 
 Name Title 
 ___________________________ 
 Name Address 
 E-mail 
 
 Signature Page to Indemnification Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 ritm-20221231exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 RITHM CAPITAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization 120 Fifth Holdings LLC Delaware ADOOR HOLDINGS LLC Delaware ADOOR LLC Delaware Advance Purchaser LLC Delaware Aim High Mortgage, LLC Delaware Avenue 365 Lender Services, LLC Pennsylvania Avenue Title Agency, LLC Delaware Blackwell Properties LLC Delaware Blackwell Property Acquisitions Parent LLC Delaware Boulton Properties LLC Delaware Boulton Property Acquisition Parent LLC Delaware Caliber Advance Receivables Depostior, LLC Delaware Caliber Advance Receivables Trust 2020-ADV1 Delaware Caliber Excess Owner LLC Delaware Caliber FNT Excess Owner LLC Delaware Caliber Home Loans, Inc. Delaware Caliber JPB EBO Participant LLC Delaware Caliber JPB EBO REO LLC Delaware Caliber Mortgage Participant I LLC Delaware Caliber Mortgage Participant II LLC Delaware Capital Partners Mortgage, LLC Delaware Carnegie Mortgage Partners, LLC Delaware Carolina One Mortgage, LLC Delaware CHL GMSR Issuer Trust Delaware Coast One Mortgage LLC Delaware Conway Financial Services, LLC Delaware Covius Holdings, Inc. (Minority Investment) Delaware Crowne Property Acquisitions LLC Delaware DGG RE Investments LLC Delaware Divvy Home Loans, LLC Delaware E Street Appraisal Management LLC Delaware Essex Properties LLC Delaware Fort Escrow, Inc. California Fort Settlement Services, LLC Pennsylvania Fortress TSX Broadway Co-Investment A LP (Minority Investment) Delaware Genesis Capital Real Estate Advisors, Inc. California Genesis Capital, LLC Delaware Genesis Pass-Through Trust XVI-G New York Guaranty Mortgage Services, LLC Illinois 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Hexagon Merger Sub, Ltd. Cayman Islands HLSS (Cayman) Finco Ltd Cayman Islands HLSS Advances Acquisition Corp. Delaware HLSS Holdings, LLC Delaware HLSS Mortgage LP Cayman Islands HLSS Mortgage Master Trust Delaware HLSS Mortgage Master Trust II Delaware HLSS MSR EBO Acquisition LLC Delaware HLSS Servicer Advance Facility Transferor II, LLC Delaware HLSS Servicer Advance Receivables Trust II Delaware HLSS SEZ LP Cayman Islands Homeowners First Mortgage, LLC Delaware Ingwe Resicap LLC (Minority Investment) Delaware IRL Participation, LLC Delaware Landed Home Loans LLC Delaware Ludlow Properties LLC Delaware Matic Insurance Services Inc. (Minority Investment) Nevada Meritane Fiancial LLC Delaware Milestone Home Lending, LLC Delaware Mission Mortgage LLC Delaware MSR Admin LLC Delaware MSR Admin Parent LLC Delaware MSR Agency JV Holdings LLC Delaware MSR FM Admin LLC Delaware MSR FM Admin Parent LLC Delaware MSR FN Admin LLC Delaware MSR FN Admin Parent LLC Delaware MSR Holdings I-A LLC Delaware MSR IX Holdings LLC Delaware MSR IX LLC Delaware MSR IX Parent LLC Delaware MSR IX Trust New York MSR NRMLT LLC Delaware MSR PLS3 I LLC Delaware MSR VIII Holdings LLC Delaware MSR VIII LLC Delaware MSR VIII Parent LLC Delaware MSR VIII Trust New York MSR WAC LLC Delaware MSR X Holdings LLC Delaware MSR X LLC Delaware MSR X Parent LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization MSR X Trust New York MSR XI Holdings LLC Delaware MSR XI LLC Delaware MSR XI Parent LLC Delaware MSR XI Trust New York MSR XII Direct LLC Delaware MSR XIII Direct LLC Delaware MSR XIV Holdings LLC Delaware MSR XIV LLC Delaware MSR XIV Parent LLC Delaware MSR XIV Trust New York MSR XV LLC Delaware MSR XVI Direct LLC Delaware MSR XVII Direct LLC Delaware MSR XVIII LLC Delaware MSR XXI LLC Delaware MSR XXII LLC Delaware MSR XXIII LLC Delaware MSR XXIV LLC Delaware MSR XXIX LLC Delaware MSR XXVI LLC Delaware MSR XXVII LLC Delaware MSR XXVIII LLC Delaware MSR XXX LLC Delaware MSR XXXI LLC Delaware MSR XXXII LLC Delaware MSR XXXIII LLC Delaware MSR XXXIV LLC Delaware MSR XXXV LLC Delaware New Penn Advance Receivables Trust 2014-1 Delaware New Penn Financial Mortgage Trust I Delaware New Residential AP Advance Depositor LLC Delaware New Residential AP Advance Receivables Trust Delaware New Residential Borrower 2022-SFR1 LLC Delaware New Residential Borrower 2022-SFR2 LLC Delaware New Residential Equity Owner 2022-SFR1 LLC Delaware New Residential Equity Owner 2022-SFR2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2016-1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2016-2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2016-3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2016-4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2017-1 LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization New Residential Funding 2017-2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2017-3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2017-4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2017-5 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2017-6 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-1 LLC (f k a New Residential Funding 2017-7 LLC) Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-5 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-NQM1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2018-RPL1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-5 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-6 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-NQM1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-NQM2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-NQM3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-NQM4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-NQM5 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-RPL2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2019-RPL3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-NPL1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-NPL2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-NQM1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-NQM2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-RPL1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2020-RPL2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-INV1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-INV2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-NQM1R LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-NQM2R LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2021-NQM3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-INV1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-INV2 LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization New Residential Funding 2022-NQM1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-NQM2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-NQM3 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-NQM4 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-NQM5 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-RTL1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-SFR1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2022-SFR2 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2023-NQM1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding 2023-RTL1 LLC Delaware New Residential Funding I LLC Delaware New Residential Funding II LLC Delaware New Residential Funding III LLC Delaware New Residential Funding IV LLC Delaware New Residential Funding V LLC Delaware New Residential Mortgage LLC Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2014-3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2015-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2015-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2016-3 Delaware NEW RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 2016-4 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-4 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-5 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2017-6 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-4 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-5 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-NQM1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2018-RPL1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-4 Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-5 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-6 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-NQM1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-NQM2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-NQM3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-NQM4 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-NQM5 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-RPL2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2019-RPL3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-NPL1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-NPL2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-NQM1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-NQM2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-RPL1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2020-RPL2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-INV1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-INV2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-NQM1R Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-NQM2R Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2021-NQM3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-INV1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-NQM1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-NQM2 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-NQM3 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-NQM4 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-NQM5 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-RTL1 Delaware New Residential Mortgage Loan Trust 2022-SFR1 New York New Residential Sales Corp. Delaware New Residential Sales LLC Delaware NewRez Agency SAF I LLC Delaware NewRez Agency SAF Trust I Delaware NewRez Excess Owner LLC Delaware NewRez GMSR Excess Owner LLC Delaware NewRez LLC Delaware NewRez Trust II Delaware NewRez Warehouse Securitization Trust 2021-1 Delaware NIC MSR I LLC Delaware NIC MSR II LLC Delaware NIC MSR III LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NIC MSR VIII LLC Delaware NIC MSR X FN LLC Delaware NIC MSR XI GN LLC Delaware NIC MSR XIV TBW FH LLC Delaware NIC Reverse Loan LLC Delaware NIC RMBS LLC Delaware NPART Depositor 2014-1, LLC Delaware NPF EBO I REO LLC Delaware NPF Trust EBO I Delaware NRM (NSM) Servicer Advance Facility Receivables Trust (Agency) JPMC Delaware NRM (NSM) Servicer Advance Facility Transferor (Agency) JPMC LLC Delaware NRM Acquisition II LLC Delaware NRM Acquisition LLC Delaware NRM Excess Owner LLC Delaware NRM Holdco LLC Delaware NRM Loancare Agency SAF Depositor JPMC LLC Delaware NRM Loancare Agency SAF JPMC Trust Delaware NRM PHH Agency SAF Depositor JPMC LLC Delaware NRM PHH Agency SAF JPMC Trust Delaware NRM PHH PLS SAF Depositor JPMC LLC Delaware NRM PHH PLS SAF JPMC Trust Delaware NRM Servicer Advance Facility Receivables Trust (Agency) JPMC Delaware NRM Servicer Advance Facility Transferor (Agency) JPMC, LLC Delaware NRM Shellpoint Agency SAF Depositor JPMC LLC Delaware NRM Shellpoint Agency SAF JPMC Trust Delaware NRM Valon Agency SAF Depositor LLC Delaware NRM Valon Agency SAF Trust Delaware NRZ 2014-3 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2015-2 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-1 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-2 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-3 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-4 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-PLS1A Borrower LLC Delaware NRZ 2016-PLS1B Borrower LLC Delaware NRZ 2017-1 Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ Acquisition LLC Delaware NRZ Acquisition Loan Trust New York NRZ Advance Facility Transferor 2015-ON1 LLC Delaware NRZ Advance Funding PLS3 Depositor, LLC Delaware NRZ Advance Funding PLS3 Holdings, LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NRZ Advance Funding PLS3 Purchaser, LLC Delaware NRZ Advance Funding PLS3 Trust Delaware NRZ Advance Receivables Trust 2015-ON1 Delaware NRZ Advance Sub LLC f k a Advance TRS LLC Delaware NRZ Advances Holdco LLC Delaware NRZ Agency MBS LLC Delaware NRZ Ancillay SS LLC Delaware NRZ Avenue Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ Consumer 2016-1 LLC Delaware NRZ Consumer 2016-1 Trust Delaware NRZ Consumer LLC Delaware NRZ Consumer Receivables Funding Trust Delaware NRZ Covius Holdings 1 LLC Delaware NRZ Covius Holdings 2 LLC Delaware NRZ Covius Holdings 3 LLC Delaware NRZ Covius Purchaser LLC Delaware NRZ E Street Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ EBO I (Series 2017-1) REO LLC Delaware NRZ FECI Lender II LLC Delaware NRZ FECI Lender LLC Delaware NRZ FHT Excess LLC Delaware NRZ FNT Excess LLC Delaware NRZ Genesis Pass-Through Parent II LLC Delaware NRZ Genesis Pass-Through Parent III LLC Delaware NRZ Genesis Pass-Through Parent LLC Delaware NRZ Genesis REO LLC Delaware NRZ GoServiceOne Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ GoServiceOne Purchaser LLC Delaware NRZ Guardian Purchaser LLC Delaware NRZ Ingwe Purchaser LLC Delaware NRZ Insurance Agency LLC Delaware NRZ Inventory Trust New York NRZ Master Trust A Delaware NRZ Master Trust B Delaware NRZ Matic Purchaser LLC Delaware NRZ MBN Issuer Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ Mortgage Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ MSR CS LLC Delaware NRZ Pass - Through Trust I New York NRZ Pass-Through IV Parent LLC Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust EBO I Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust II New York 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NRZ Pass-Through Trust IV New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust IX New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust IX-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust IX-C Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust IX-D Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust V New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust V-B Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust VI New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust VI-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust VII New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust VII (NPL) Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust VII (Pref) Delaware NRZ Pass-Through Trust VII-B (Pref) New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust VIII New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust VIII-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust X New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust X-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XI New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XI-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XII New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XII-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XIII New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XIII-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XIV New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XV New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XV-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XVI New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XVI-B New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XVIII New York NRZ Pass-Through Trust XVIII-B New York NRZ Pass-Through V Parent LLC Delaware NRZ Pass-Through VII Parent LLC Delaware NRZ PLS Excess LLC Delaware NRZ Pro Credit Designated Activity Company Ireland NRZ Pro Credit Limited Cayman Islands NRZ Pro Credit LP Delaware NRZ Pro I LLC Delaware NRZ Pro II LLC Delaware NRZ Pro III LLC Delaware NRZ Pro Warrant LLC Delaware NRZ RA Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ Recovery Trust New York 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NRZ REO I LLC (f k aNRZ REO I Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO II LLC (f k aNRZ REO II Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO III LLC (f k a NRZ REO III Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO Inventory II LLC (f k a NRZ REO Inventory Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO Inventory LLC Delaware NRZ REO IV LLC (f k a NRZ REO IV Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO IX LLC Delaware NRZ REO V LLC (f k a NRZ REO V Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO V-2 LLC (f k a NRZ REO V-2 Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO V-B LLC (f k a NRZ REO V-B Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO VI LLC (f k a NRZ REO VI Corp.) Delaware NRZ REO VI-B LLC Delaware NRZ REO VII LLC (NPL) Delaware NRZ REO VII LLC (Pref) Delaware NRZ REO VIII LLC (F K A NRZ REO VIII-B LLC) Delaware NRZ REO X LLC Delaware NRZ REO XI LLC Delaware NRZ REO XII LLC Delaware NRZ REO XIII LLC Delaware NRZ REO XIV LLC Delaware NRZ REO XV LLC Delaware NRZ REO XVI LLC Delaware NRZ REO XVIII LLC Delaware NRZ RMBS I L.L.C. Marshall Islands NRZ RMBS II L.L.C. Marshall Islands NRZ RMBS III L.L.C. Marshall Islands NRZ RMBS IV L.L.C. Marshall Islands NRZ RMBS V L.L.C. Marshall Islands NRZ RRV LLC Delaware NRZ SC America LLC Delaware NRZ SC America Trust 2015-1 Delaware NRZ SC Credit Limited Cayman Islands NRZ SC Credit Trust 2015-1 Delaware NRZ SC Finance I LLC Delaware NRZ SC Finance II LLC Delaware NRZ SC Finance III LLC Delaware NRZ SC Finance IV LLC Delaware NRZ SC Finance Trust 2015-1 Delaware NRZ SC Finance V LLC Delaware NRZ Services Holdings LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor Acquisition LLC Delaware NRZ SPONSOR HOLDCO LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization NRZ Sponsor IX LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor NPL LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor RPL LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor V LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor VI LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor VII LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor VII LLC (NPL) Delaware NRZ Sponsor VIII LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor X LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XI LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XII LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XIII LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XIX LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XV LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XVI LLC Delaware NRZ Sponsor XVIII LLC Delaware NRZ TSX LLC Delaware Partners United Financial, LLC Delaware PF LoanCo Funding LLC Cayman Islands PF LoanCo Trust New York PF WarehouseCo Funding LLC Cayman Islands PF Warehouseco Trust New York PF WarrantCo Holdings, LP Delaware Platinum Eagle Mortgage, LLC Delaware Plus Relocation Mortgage, LLC Delaware Preferred Lending Services, LLC Delaware Residential Capital Management LP (Minority Investment) Delaware Reverse REO JV LLC Delaware Reverse REO LLC f k a Reverse TRS LLC Delaware Rithm Capital Corp. f k a New Residential Investment Corp. Delaware Rithm Capital LLC Delaware Rithm Capital Management LLC Delaware Rithm CRE Equity Holdings LLC Delaware Sanctuary Home Mortgage LLC Delaware Senlac Ridge Holdings, LLC Delaware Shellpoint Capital LLC Delaware Shellpoint Mortgage Acceptance LLC Delaware Shellpoint Partners LLC Delaware Shellpoint PLS SAF Depositor LLC Delaware Shellpoint PLS SAF Trust Delaware Shelter Home Mortgage, LLC Delaware Shelter Lending Services, LLC Illinois 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Shelter Lending Services, LLC - Coastal II Division Illinois Shelter Lending Services, LLC - Zeitlin Division Illinois Shelter Mortgage Company, LLC Illinois Shelter Mortgage TJV LLC Delaware SPRINGCASTLE Acquisition LLC Delaware SpringCastle America Funding, LLC Delaware SPRINGCASTLE AMERICA, LLC Delaware SpringCastle Credit Funding, LLC Delaware SPRINGCASTLE CREDIT, LLC Delaware SpringCastle Finance Funding, LLC Delaware SPRINGCASTLE FINANCE, LLC Delaware SPV NP MSR Strip Acquisition LLC Delaware Summit Home Mortgage, LLC Delaware Summit Trustee Services, LLC Delaware Synergy Home Mortgage, LLC Delaware Your Home Financial LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 ritm-20221231exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-266599) of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries and in the related Prospectus of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Rithm Capital Corp. and Subsidiaries, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP New York, New York February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 ritm-20221231exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Michael Nierenberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rithm Capital Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. February 16, 2023 s Michael Nierenberg Michael Nierenberg Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 ritm-20221231exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Nicola Santoro, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rithm Capital Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Nicola Santoro, Jr. Nicola Santoro, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 ritm-20211231exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rithm Capital Corp. (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Nierenberg, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Michael Nierenberg Michael Nierenberg Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 ritm-20211231exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rithm Capital Corp. (the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nicola Santoro, Jr., as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 16, 2023 s Nicola Santoro, Jr. Nicola Santoro, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-10.30>
 15
 ritm-20221231exhibit1030.htm
 EX-10.30

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.30 

August 1, 2022 

Phil Sivin 
 c o Fortress Investment Group 
 1345 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10105 

Dear Phil 
 
 It is with great pleasure that we extend to you an offer to join New Residential Investment Corp. (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company ), as set forth below. This letter, together with Exhibit A hereto, is referred to herein as the Letter Agreement . 
 
 Title 
 You will serve as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. You will devote your full working time to the Company. Start Date 
 Your employment with the Company is expected to commence on or about August 1, 2022 and will in no event commence later than September 30, 2022 (the actual date on which you become employed by the Company is referred to as the Start Date ). The Company will provide you with at least three (3) days prior notice of the Start Date. The terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement are contingent upon (i) you being an active employee of FIG LLC as of, and not having given or received notice of termination of such employment (other than as contemplated in (ii) below) prior to, the Start Date and this Letter Agreement will have no force or effect if your employment with FIG LLC terminates for any reason, or if you give or receive notice of termination of such employment (other than as contemplated in (ii) below), prior to the Start Date and (ii) you executing a separation agreement and general release of claims in the form provided by FIG LLC prior to the Start Date. 
 Location of Employment 
 You will be an employee of the Company at its office in New York, New York, although you acknowledge that you may be required to travel from time to time for business reasons, as reasonably requested by the Company. 
 Compensation 
 Your base salary will be paid at the rate of 250,000.00 per annum (the Base Salary ), payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company (which is currently based and paid on a semi-monthly pay period). The Company reserves the right to modify its payroll practices and payroll schedule at its sole discretion. 
 
 In addition, you are eligible to receive, as additional compensation, a discretionary annual bonus with respect to each full or partial year you are employed by the Company, including 2022, which discretionary bonus (if any) will be paid no later than March 15 of the immediately subsequent calendar year . Payment of a discretionary bonus in any given fiscal or calendar year does not entitle you to additional compensation or any such bonus in any subsequent year. In order to be eligible for any annual bonus while employed by the Company, you must be an active employee at, and not have given or received notice of termination prior to, the time of the annual bonus payment. 

Benefits 
 Effective on the Start Date, you (and your spouse, registered domestic partner and or eligible dependents, if any) shall be entitled to participate in the same manner as other similarly situated employees of the Company in the employee benefit plans that are generally made available to similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to satisfying the applicable eligibility requirements. It is contemplated that the overall level of benefits you receive with respect to your employment with the Company will be comparable to the level of benefits you receive with respect to your employment with FIG LLC as of the date hereof, subject to the terms of the applicable plan documents and generally applicable Company policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may modify or terminate any employee benefit plan at any time, at the Company s sole discretion. For vesting and other benefit purposes, your length of service shall be considered to start on the start date of your employment with FIG LLC (the FIG Start Date unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law or plan documents. 
 
 In addition, you will be entitled to receive a one-time make whole payment, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, to account for any unvested FIG LLC 401(k) amounts. Such payment will be made on or before the date on which the discretionary bonus for 2022 is paid, so long as you are an active employee at, and not have given or received notice of termination prior to, the time of the payment. 
 Paid Time Off 
 During your employment, you will be entitled to paid time off Paid Time Off in accordance with the Company s policy applicable to employees, as amended from time to time. Representation 
 You represent that on the Start Date, you will be free to accept employment hereunder without any contractual restrictions, express or implied, with respect to any of your prior employers, except for those restrictions with your prior employer, FIG LLC. You represent that you have not taken or otherwise misappropriated, and you do not have in your possession or control any confidential and proprietary information belonging to any of your prior employers or connected with or derived from your services to prior employers. You represent that you have returned to all prior employers any and all such confidential and proprietary information. You further acknowledge that the Company has informed you that you are not to use or cause the use of such confidential or proprietary information in any manner whatsoever in connection with your employment by the Company. You agree that you will not use such information. You represent that you are not currently a party to any pending or threatened litigation or arbitration, including with any current or former employer or business associate. In the event that you become a party to any pending or threatened litigation or arbitration after the date on which you sign this Letter Agreement but prior to your Start Date and at all times thereafter while you are employed by the Company, you shall promptly provide the Company with notice of such, in writing. You shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from any and all claims arising from any breach of the representations and warranties in this paragraph. 
 
 The above representations, warranties and acknowledgment do not apply to any confidential or proprietary information belonging to Fortress that you have had or continue to have access to as a result of your employment with FIG LLC, solely to the extent (i) such information has been transferred by Fortress to the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of a written agreement between Fortress and the Company or (ii) Fortress has agreed, in writing, to provide you with such confidential or proprietary information. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, Fortress means FIG LLC, collectively with Fortress Investment Group LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 
 You represent that you understand that this Letter Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your employment relationship with the Company and as such, you have no express or implied right to be treated the same as or more favorably than any other employee of the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to any matter set forth herein based on the terms or conditions of such person s employment relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates. You further agree to keep the terms of this Letter Agreement confidential and not to disclose any of the terms or conditions hereof to any other person, including any employee of the Company, other than to your attorney or accountant or, upon the advice of counsel after notice to the Company, as may be required by law, except to the extent such disclosure is protected by applicable law. 
 Work Authorization 
 Employment with the Company is contingent upon your unrestricted authorization to work in the United States and providing documentation establishing your identity and authority to work within the time period specified by law. Policies and Procedures 
 You agree to comply fully with all Company policies and procedures applicable to employees, as amended and implemented from time to time, including, without limitation, tax, regulatory and compliance procedures. 

Employment Relationship 
 This Letter Agreement is not a contract of employment for any specific period of time, and subject to the notice provisions herein, your employment is at will and may be terminated by you or by the Company at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever. In each case where the term the Company is used in this Letter Agreement it shall mean, in addition to the Company, any Company affiliate by whom you may be employed on a full-time basis at the applicable time. You agree that effective as of any separation from service with the Company, you will have been deemed to resign from all positions you may hold with the Company and its affiliates (including any board memberships), and will take any actions that may be reasonably required to effectuate such resignation, without prejudice against any rights you may otherwise have under this Agreement. 
 
 You agree to provide the Company with at least ninety (90) days advance written notice of your resignation of employment (the Notice Period, which Notice Period shall be considered a Protective Covenant (as hereinafter defined) for purposes of this Letter Agreement). The Company may, in its sole discretion, direct you to cease performing your duties, refrain from entering the Company s offices and or restrict your access to the Company systems, trade secrets and confidential information, in each case during all or part of the Notice Period. During the Notice Period, you shall continue to be an employee of the Company, the Company shall continue to pay you your Base Salary and benefits, and you shall be entitled to all other benefits and entitlements as an employee until the end of the Notice Period provided, that (i) you shall not be entitled to receive any bonus not already paid prior to the commencement of the Notice Period (ii) your Base Salary, benefits, and entitlements shall cease if you breach any of your agreements with or obligations to the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, those Protective Covenants set forth below and incorporated herein and (iii) such Notice Period shall be disregarded for purposes of the vesting of equity, if any). 
 Protective Covenants 
 As a Company employee, at all times you owe the Company your undivided loyalty. You shall not, directly or indirectly, without prior written consent of the Company, at any time during your employment hereunder (including any Notice Period), provide consultative services to, own, manage, operate, join, control, participate in, be engaged in, employed by or be connected with, any business, individual, partner, firm, corporation, or other entity that directly or indirectly competes with (any such action, individually, and in the aggregate, to compete with ), the Company (including, for these purposes, any of its affiliates). Notwithstanding anything else herein, the mere beneficial ownership by you, either individually or as a member of a group (as such terms are used in Rule 13(d) issued under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time) of not more than five percent (5 of the voting stock of any public company shall not be deemed a violation of this Letter Agreement. 
 
 You agree that you shall not, directly or indirectly, for your benefit or for the benefit of any other person (including, without limitation, an individual or entity), or knowingly assist any other person to during your employment with the Company and for eighteen (18) months thereafter, in any manner, directly or indirectly 
 
 (a) hire or Solicit (as hereinafter defined) the employment or services of any person who provided services to the Company or any of its affiliates, as an employee, independent contractor or consultant at the time of the termination of your employment with the Company or within six (6) months prior thereto 

(b) Solicit any person who is an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to resign from the Company or such affiliate or to apply for or accept employment with any enterprise (c) accept employment or work, in any capacity (including as an employee, consultant or independent contractor), with any firm, corporation, partnership or other entity that is, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by any Former Employee involving, directly or indirectly, the provision of services that are competitive with the Company or are substantially similar to the services that you provided to the Company at any time during the twelve months prior to your termination of employment with the Company (d) Solicit or otherwise attempt to establish any business relationship (in connection with any business in competition with the Company or any of its affiliates) with any limited partner, investor, person, firm, corporation or other entity that is, at the time of your termination of employment, or was a Client, Investor, or Business Partner (as hereinafter defined) of the Company or any of its affiliates or (e) interfere with or damage (or attempt to interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Company and any of its affiliates and their respective Clients, Investors, Business Partners, or employees. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, the term Solicit means, as applicable (a) active solicitation of any Client, Investor, or Business Partner or Company employee (b) the provision of non-public information regarding any Client, Investor, or Business Partner or Company employee to any third party where such information could be useful to such third party in attempting to obtain business from such Client, Investor, or Business Partner or attempting to hire any such Company employee (c) participation in any meetings, discussions, or other communications with any third party regarding any Client, Investor, or Business Partner or Company employee where the purpose or effect of such meeting, discussion or communication is to obtain business from such Client, Investor, or Business Partner or employ such Company employee and (d) any other intentional use of non-public information about any Client, Investor, or Business Partner, or Company employee for the purpose of assisting a third party to obtain business from Clients, Investors, or Business Partners, assisting a third party to hire any Company employee or causing harm to the business of the Company. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, the term Client, Investor, or Business Partner shall mean (A) anyone who is or has been a client, investor, or business partner of the Company during your employment, but only if you had a direct relationship with, direct supervisory responsibility for or otherwise were directly involved with such Client, Investor, or Business Partner during your employment with the Company and (B) any prospective Client, Investor, or Business Partner to whom the Company made a new business presentation (or similar offering of services) at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding, or six- month period immediately following, your employment termination (but only if initial discussions between the Company and such prospective Client, Investor, or Business Partner relating to the rendering of services occurred prior to the termination date, and only if you participated in or supervised such presentation and or its preparation or the discussions leading up to it). For purposes of this Letter Agreement, the term Former Employee shall mean anyone who was an employee of or exclusive consultant to the Company as of, or at any time during the one-year period immediately preceding, the termination of your employment. As a condition of employment, you shall be required to sign a confidentiality and proprietary rights agreement, in a form acceptable to the Company, and that agreement shall remain in full force and effect after it is executed and following termination of your employment for any reason with the Company or any of its affiliates. The obligations set forth in such agreement shall be considered Protective Covenants for purposes of this Letter Agreement and are incorporated herein by reference. The provisions set forth above in (or incorporated into) this Protective Covenants section, together with the Notice Period above, are collectively referred to in this Letter Agreement as the Protective Covenants (and each is a Protective Covenant ). 

Cause means (i) your commission of an act of fraud or dishonesty in the course of your service to the Company (ii) your indictment, conviction or entering of a plea of nolo contendere for a crime constituting a felony or in respect of any act of fraud or dishonesty (iii) your commission of an act which would make you subject to being enjoined, suspended, barred or otherwise disciplined for violation of federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, including a statutory disqualification (iv) your gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with your employment by the Company (v) your breach of any restriction set forth in (or otherwise herein incorporated by reference into) the section above entitled Protective Covenants or (vi) your commission of any material breach of any of the provisions or covenants (excluding the covenants set forth in or incorporated into the Protective Covenant section above) set forth herein provided , however, that discharge pursuant to this clause (vi) shall not constitute discharge for Cause unless you have received written notice from the Company stating the nature of such breach and affording you an opportunity to correct fully the act(s) or omission(s), if such a breach is capable of correction, described in such notice within ten (10) days following your receipt of such notice. 
 Arbitration 
 You agree to submit any claims arising out of this Letter Agreement or your employment and termination thereof to binding arbitration in accordance with the terms of Exhibit A , which are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 Governing Law 
 This Letter Agreement will be covered by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN EXHIBIT A, YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION WILL BE IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK AND WAIVE OBJECTION TO THE JURISDICTION OR TO THE LAYING OF VENUE IN ANY SUCH COURT. Section 409A 
 The intent of the parties to this Letter Agreement is that payments and benefits hereunder comply with Section 409A, to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Letter Agreement shall be interpreted and administered to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, you shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this Letter Agreement, and no payment shall be due to you under this Letter Agreement, until you would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. Any payments described in this Letter Agreement that are due within the short-term deferral period as defined in Section 409A shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided to you pursuant to this Letter Agreement that constitutes deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Letter Agreement, to the extent that any payments to be made upon your separation from service would result in the imposition of any individual penalty tax imposed under Section 409A, the payment shall instead be made on the first business day after the earlier of (i) the date that is six (6) months following such separation from service and (ii) your death. Miscellaneous Acknowledgements Protective Covenants Severable Remedies Cumulative Subsequent Employment Notice Obligations No Waiver Cooperation Withholding 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Exhibit A , if you commit a breach of any of the Protective Covenants provisions hereof, the Company shall have the right to have the provisions of this Letter Agreement specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction without being required to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy of the available remedies at law, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. In addition, the Company may take all such other actions and remedies available to it under law or in equity and shall be entitled to such damages as it can show it has sustained by reason of such breach. 

The parties acknowledge that (i) the type and periods of restriction imposed in the Protective Covenants are fair and reasonable and are reasonably required in order to protect and maintain the proprietary interests of the Company or other legitimate business interests and the goodwill associated with the business of the Company (ii) the time, scope, geographic area and other provisions of the Protective Covenants have been specifically negotiated by sophisticated commercial parties, represented by legal counsel and (iii) because of the nature of the business engaged in by the Company and the fact that investors can be and are serviced and investments can be and are made by the Company wherever they are located, it is impractical and unreasonable to place a geographic limitation on the agreements made by you. 
 
 If any of the covenants contained in the Protective Covenants, or any part thereof, is held to be unenforceable by reason of it extending for too great a period of time or over too great a geographic area or by reason of it being too extensive in any other respect, the parties agree (x) such covenant shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable and or over the maximum geographic areas as to which it may be enforceable and or over the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by the court making such determination and (y) in its reduced form, such covenant shall then be enforceable, but such reduced form of covenant shall only apply with respect to the operation of such covenant in the particular jurisdiction in or for which such adjudication is made. Each of the covenants and agreements contained in the Protective Covenants is separate, distinct and severable. 
 
 All rights, remedies and benefits expressly provided for in this Letter Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, remedies or benefits provided for by law or in this Letter Agreement, and the exercise of any remedy by a party hereto shall not be deemed an election to the exclusion of any other remedy (any such claim by the other party being hereby waived). 
 
 The existence of any claim, demand, action or cause of action of you against the Company or any of its affiliates, whether predicated on this Letter Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of each Protective Covenant. The unenforceability of any Protective Covenant shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other Protective Covenant or any other provision or provisions of this Letter Agreement. The temporal duration of the Protective Covenants shall not expire, and shall be tolled, during any period in which you are in violation of any of such Protective Covenants, and all such restrictions shall automatically be extended by the period of your violation of any such restrictions. 
 
 Prior to accepting employment with any person, firm, corporation or other entity during your employment by the Company or any of its affiliates or any period thereafter that you are subject to any of the Protective Covenants, you shall (1) notify the prospective employer in writing of your obligations under such provisions and (2) within thirty days after your commencement of employment with any new employer, provide written notice to the General Counsel at the Company of such new employment, identifying such new employer. 
 
 The failure of a party to this Letter Agreement to insist upon strict adherence to any term hereof on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver of such party s rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Letter Agreement. 
 
 This Letter Agreement, and all of your rights and duties hereunder, shall not be assignable or delegable by you. Any purported assignment or delegation by you in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio and of no further force and effect. This Letter Agreement may be assigned by New Residential Investment Corp. to any affiliate thereof or to a person or entity which is an affiliate or successor in interest to all or substantially all of the business operations of the Company. Upon such assignment, the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder shall become the rights and obligations of such affiliate person or entity. 
 
 You shall provide reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during your employment. This provision shall survive any termination of this Letter Agreement. 

The Company may withhold from any amounts and benefits due to you under this Letter Agreement such Federal, state and local taxes as may be required or permitted to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 This Letter Agreement and Exhibit A contain the entire understanding of the parties and may be modified only in a document signed by the parties and referring explicitly to this Letter Agreement. If any provision of this Letter Agreement or Exhibit A is determined to be unenforceable, the remainder of this Letter Agreement or Exhibit A shall not be adversely affected thereby. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Letter Agreement or Exhibit A is held to be unenforceable, any such provision will be construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law. In executing this Letter Agreement, you represent that you have not relied on any representation or statement not set forth herein, and you expressly disavow any reliance upon any such representations or statements. Without limitation to the foregoing, you represent that you understand that you shall not be entitled to any equity interest, profits interest or other interest in the Company or any of its affiliates, except as expressly set forth in this Letter Agreement or in another writing signed by the Company. The Company s affiliates are intended beneficiaries under this Letter Agreement. 
 
 signatures on the following page. 

If you agree with the terms of this Letter Agreement and accept this offer of employment, please sign and date this Letter Agreement in the space provided below and return a copy to the Company to indicate your acceptance. 
 
 This Letter Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 
 Sincerely, 

NEW RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT CORP. 

By s Nicola Santoro, Jr. 
 
 Name Nicola Santoro, Jr. 
 
 Title Managing Director (Chief Financial Officer) 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED AS OF August 1, 2022 

s Phil Sivin 
 
 Phil Sivin 

Signature Page to Employment Letter Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 Arbitration 
 
 (a) You and the Company agree that we shall first attempt to settle any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of or relating to your compensation, your employment or the termination thereof or the Letter Agreement or breach thereof (including, without limitation, any claim regarding or related to the interpretation, scope, effect, enforcement, termination, extension, breach, legality, remedies and other aspects of the Letter Agreement or the conduct and communications of us regarding the Letter Agreement and the subject matter of the Letter Agreement) through good faith negotiation. Any such controversy, dispute or claim, as described in the preceding sentence, will be referred to herein as a Dispute . If such negotiations fail to reach a resolution of the Dispute within forty-five (45) days after a party initially provides written notice (either by letter or electronically) of any such Dispute either party may initiate arbitration proceedings in accordance with this Exhibit A. The parties agree to resolve any Dispute by binding arbitration administered by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS or a successor organization, for binding arbitration located in New York City, New York by a single arbitrator pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures. The JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures are available online at https www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration . Except as otherwise authorized by applicable law, all awards of the arbitrator shall be binding and non-appealable. The arbitrator s final award shall be in writing made and delivered to the parties within thirty (30) calendar days following the close of the hearing and shall provide a reasoned basis for the resolution of any Dispute and any relief provided. Judgment upon the award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall apply New York law to the merits of any Dispute, without reference to the rules of conflicts of law applicable therein. The arbitrator shall be bound by and strictly enforce the terms of the Letter Agreement and this Exhibit and may not limit, expand or otherwise modify their terms. The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief. Notwithstanding anything else set forth herein, the Company shall not be precluded from applying to a proper court for injunctive relief by reason of the prior or subsequent commencement of an arbitration proceeding as herein provided, including without limitation, with respect to any Dispute relating to the Protective Covenants under the Letter Agreement or any confidentiality obligations under your Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement. 
 
 (b) You acknowledge that you have read and understand this Exhibit A to the Letter Agreement. You understand that by signing the Letter Agreement, you agree to submit any Dispute to binding arbitration, and that this arbitration provision constitutes a waiver of your rights to a jury trial and relates to the resolution of all Disputes relating to all aspects of the employer employee relationship to the greatest extent permitted by law, including but not limited to the following 

(i) Any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment, breach of contract, both express and implied breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress negligent or intentional misrepresentation negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage and defamation 
 
 (ii) Any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, without limitation, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the New York City Administrative Code, the New York Labor Law, the New York Human Rights Law, and the New York City Human Rights Law 
 
 (iii) Any and all claims arising out of or relating to your compensation, including without limitation, any carried interest, points interest, or any equity based incentive plan or award agreement, all such claims to be governed by the terms and conditions of any such plan or award agreement and 
 
 (iv) Any and all claims arising out of any other federal, state or local laws or regulations relating to employment, harassment or employment discrimination. 
 
 (c) The following Disputes are excluded from mandatory arbitration under this Letter Agreement 
 
 (i) claims for workers compensation benefits, unemployment insurance, or state or federal disability insurance and 
 
 (ii) any other dispute or claim that has been expressly excluded from arbitration by statute or other applicable law. 
 
 Nothing in this Letter Agreement should be interpreted as restricting or prohibiting you from filing a charge or complaint with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department of Labor, the Occupational Safety and Health Commission, any other federal, state, or local administrative agency charged with investigating and or prosecuting complaints under any applicable, federal, state, or municipal law or regulation. A federal, state, or local agency would also be entitled 

to investigate the charge in accordance with applicable law. However, any Dispute that is covered by this Letter Agreement but not resolved through the federal, state, or local agency proceedings must be submitted to arbitration in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 
 (d) You further understand that other options such as federal and state administrative remedies and judicial remedies exist and acknowledge and agree that by signing the Letter Agreement and agreeing to the terms of this Exhibit A these remedies are forever precluded and that regardless of the nature of your complaints, you acknowledge and agree that it can only be resolved by arbitration. 
 
 (e) It is understood and agreed that, unless expressly authorized by statutory law, the arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to enter any award of punitive damages. 
 
 (f) The fees and expenses of the arbitrator and all other expenses of the arbitration shall be borne by the parties equally. Each party shall bear the expenses of its own counsel, experts, and presentation of proof. 
 
 (g) The substance and result of any arbitration under this Exhibit A to the Letter Agreement and all information and documents disclosed in any such arbitration by any person shall be treated as confidential (and as Proprietary Information under the Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement subject to the terms thereof), except that disclosures may be made to the extent necessary (i) to enforce a final settlement agreement between the parties or (ii) to obtain and secure enforcement, or a judgment on, an award issued pursuant to this Exhibit A to the Letter Agreement. 
 
 (h) Class, Collective, and Representative Action Waiver - You agree that, with respect to any claims that are subject to arbitration under Section (b) of this Exhibit A to the Letter Agreement, in any forum whether arbitration or otherwise, you shall not be entitled to (i) join or consolidate claims by other individuals or entities against the Company, including but not limited to by becoming a member of a class in a class action (ii) arbitrate any claim as a representative or participate in a class, representative, multi-plaintiff, or collective action or (iii) bring any such claim in a private attorney general capacity. Any attempt to proceed in arbitration, court or any other forum on anything other than an individual basis shall be void ab initio and be precluded by every tribunal in which any such action is brought. If, despite the parties express intent to proceed only in individual arbitration, a court nonetheless orders that a class, collective, mass or other representative or joint action should proceed, in no event will such action proceed in an arbitration forum and may proceed only in court. Any issue concerning the validity or enforceability of this class, collective and representative action waiver must be decided only by a court and an arbitrator shall not have authority to consider the issue of the validity or enforceability of this Section (h). 
 
 (i) Time Limitation on Filing Claims - The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that, unless prohibited by law, any arbitration, suit, action or other proceeding relating to this Exhibit A must be brought within the shorter of (i) the statute of limitations that is applicable to the claim(s) upon which the arbitration, suit, action or other legal proceeding is sought or required or (ii) two (2) years after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the arbitration, suit, action or other legal proceeding. Any failure to file a demand for arbitration within this time frame and according to these rules shall constitute a waiver of all rights to raise any claim in any forum arising out of any dispute that was subject to arbitration. All such untimely claims shall be deemed barred by the applicable statute of limitations. The date of the filing is the date on which written notice by the party seeking arbitration stating that party s intention to arbitrate is received by JAMS. 
 
 (j) In the event any notice is required to be given under the terms of this Exhibit A, it shall be delivered in writing, if to you, to your last known address, and if to the Company, to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company. 
 
 (k) If any provision of this Exhibit A is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, either in its entirety or by virtue of its scope or application to given circumstances, such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to render the same valid, or as not applicable to the given circumstances, or will be deleted from this Exhibit A, as the situation may require, and this Exhibit A shall be construed and enforced as if such provision had been included herein as so modified in scope or application, or had not been included herein, as the case may be, it being the stated intention of the parties that had they known of such invalidity or unenforceability at the time of entering into this Exhibit A, they would have nevertheless contracted upon the terms contained herein, either excluding such provisions, or including such provisions, only to the maximum scope and application permitted by law, as the case may be. The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that the inclusion or exclusion of no provision or provisions is to interfere with or negate the arbitration and class collective waiver provision of this Exhibit A and this Exhibit A is to be modified in scope and application in every instance needed to permit the enforceability of those provisions. In the event such total or partial invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Exhibit A exists only with respect to the laws of a particular jurisdiction, this Section will operate upon such provision only to the extent that the laws of such jurisdiction are applicable to such provision. 
 
 (l) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all capitalized defined terms shall have the same meaning as set forth in the Letter Agreement. 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED 

s Phil Sivin 
 Phil Sivin 

August 1, 2022 
 Date 

</EX-10.30>

