<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_790526_0000790526-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20424560</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>363949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7005664</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5206103</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4054202</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3540973</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000790526-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301173106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000790526-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RadNet, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000790526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				133326724
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33307
		FILM NUMBER:		23695229

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 COTNER AVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3104787808

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 COTNER AVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRIMEDEX HEALTH SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CCC FRANCHISING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000790526-23-000003.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 rdnt-20221231.htm
 10-K

rdnt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing price for the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on June 30, 2022. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding on February 23, 2023, was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

RADNET, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 FORM 10-K ITEM PAGE PART I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 92 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 94 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 97 PART III. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 94 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 100 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect current views about future events and are based on our currently available financial, economic and competitive data and on current business plans. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, continue, assumption or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this annual report include statements or inferences we make about: 
 
 anticipated trends in our revenues, operating expenses or capital expenditures, and our financial guidance; 
 expected future market acceptance for our products or services, and our competitive strengths in the markets we serve; 
 potential timing and impact of changes in regulations impacting our business; 
 the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, suppliers, payors, customers, referral sources, partners, patients and employees; 
 our ability to successfully acquire and integrate new imaging operations; and 
 economic and costs savings anticipated to be derived from our investment in artificial intelligence and machine learning products and solutions. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and out of our control. Our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied in our forward-looking statements include factors listed in Item 1 Business, Item 1A Risk Factors, Item 3 Legal Proceedings, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this annual report and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement in this annual report is based on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this annual report or any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, except to the extent required by law. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We are a leading national provider of diagnostic imaging services in the United States based on number of locations and annual imaging revenue. We have been in business since 1985. At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. 
 
 Our centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often reducing the cost and amount of care for patients. Our services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality imaging services, a key point of differentiation from our competitors. Our multi-modality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures. Integral to the imaging center business is our software arm headed by eRAD, Inc., which sells computerized systems that distribute, display, store and retrieve digital images. Internationally, our subsidiary Heart and Lung Imaging LLC, provides teleradiology services for remote interpretation of images on behalf of providers within the framework of the United Kingdom's National Health Service. 
 
 We seek to develop leading positions in regional markets in order to leverage operational efficiencies. We develop our imaging business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. Our scale and density within selected geographies provide close, long-term relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians. Each of our center-level and regional operations teams is responsible for managing relationships with local physicians and payors, meeting our standards of patient service, and maintaining profitability. We provide training programs, standardized policies and procedures, and sharing of best practices among the physicians in our regional networks. 
 
 We have also established an Artificial Intelligence (AI) division, that develops and deploys AI suites to enhance radiologist interpretations of breast, lung and prostate images. The division is led by DeepHealth, and includes our acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V., both based in The Netherlands. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 All reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . We also maintain a website at www.radnet.com where we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. References to our website in this report are provided as a convenience and the information contained on, or otherwise accessible through, the website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other document that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Industry Overview 
 
 Diagnostic imaging involves the use of non-invasive procedures to generate representations of internal anatomy and function that can be recorded on film or digitized for display on a video monitor. Diagnostic imaging procedures facilitate the early diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often minimizing the cost and amount of care for patients. Diagnostic imaging procedures include MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, mammography, X-ray and fluoroscopy. 
 
 While X-ray remains the most commonly performed diagnostic imaging procedure, the fastest growing and higher margin procedures are MRI, CT and PET. The rapid growth in PET scans is attributable to the increasing recognition of the efficacy of PET scans in the diagnosis and monitoring of cancer. The number of MRI and CT scans performed annually in the United States continues to grow due to their wider acceptance by physicians and payors, an increasing number of applications for their use and a general increase in demand due to the aging population. 

1 

Although currently small in scope, AI methods are now being employed to aid radiologists in scan interpretation by quickly allowing comparison to large imaging databases to enable pinpoint diagnosis in shorter time frames. In addition, AI methods can keep track of individuals needing procedures on a regular basis (i.e. mammograms, follow ups, etc.) and alert our staff to contact the patient and schedule appointments. 
 
 Diagnostic Imaging Settings 
 
 Diagnostic imaging services are typically provided in one of the following settings: 
 
 Fixed-site, freestanding outpatient diagnostic centers 
 
 These centers range from single-modality to multi-modality centers and are generally not owned by hospitals or clinics. These centers depend upon physician referrals for their patients and generally do not maintain dedicated, contractual relationships with hospitals or clinics. In fact, these centers may compete with hospitals or clinics that have their own imaging systems to provide services to these patients. These centers bill third-party payors, such as managed care organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. All of our wholly owned centers are in this category. 
 
 Hospitals 
 
 Many hospitals provide both inpatient and outpatient diagnostic imaging services, typically on site or at a dedicated center located on or nearby the hospital campus. These centers can be owned and operated by the hospital and provide imaging services to inpatients as ordered or outpatients through physician referrals. The hospital normally bills third-party payors such as managed care organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. We have entered into joint ventures with certain hospitals to both provide and manage their diagnostic imaging services, allowing them to leverage our industry expertise. 
 
 Mobile Imaging 
 
 While many hospitals own or lease their own equipment, certain hospitals provide diagnostic imaging services by contracting with providers of mobile imaging services. Using specially designed trailers, mobile imaging service providers transport imaging equipment and provide services to hospitals and clinics on a part-time or full-time basis, thus allowing small to mid-size hospitals and clinics that do not have the patient demand to justify fixed on-site access to advanced diagnostic imaging technology. Diagnostic imaging providers contract directly with the hospital or clinic and are typically reimbursed directly by them. We do not provide mobile imaging services. 
 
 Diagnostic Imaging Modalities 
 
 The principal diagnostic imaging modalities we use at our centers are: 
 
 MRI 
 
 MRI has become widely accepted as the standard diagnostic tool for a wide and fast-growing variety of clinical applications for soft tissue anatomy, such as those found in the brain, spinal cord, abdomen, heart and interior ligaments of body joints such as the knee. MRI uses a strong magnetic field in conjunction with low energy electromagnetic waves that are processed by a computer to produce high-resolution, three-dimensional, cross-sectional images of body tissue. A typical MRI examination takes from 20 to 45 minutes. MRI systems are designed as either open or closed and have magnetic field strength of 0.2 Tesla to 3.0 Tesla. 
 
 CT 
 
 CT provides higher resolution images than conventional X-rays, but generally not as well defined as those produced by MRI. CT uses a computer to direct the movement of an X-ray tube to produce multiple cross-sectional images of a particular organ or area of the body. CT is used to detect tumors and other conditions affecting bones and internal organs. It is also used to detect the occurrence of strokes, hemorrhages and infections. A typical CT examination takes from 15 to 45 minutes. 
 
 PET 
 
 PET scanning involves the administration of a radiopharmaceutical agent with a positron-emitting isotope and the measurement of the distribution of that isotope to create images for diagnostic purposes. PET scans provide the capability to determine how metabolic activity impacts other aspects of physiology in the disease process by correlating the reading for the 
 
 2 

PET with other tools such as CT or MRI. PET technology has been found highly effective and appropriate in certain clinical circumstances for the detection and assessment of tumors throughout the body, the evaluation of some cardiac conditions and the assessment of epilepsy seizure sites. The information provided by PET technology often obviates the need to perform further highly invasive or diagnostic surgical procedures. In addition, we employ combined PET/CT systems that blend the PET and CT imaging modalities into one scanner. 
 
 Nuclear Medicine 
 
 Nuclear medicine uses short-lived radioactive isotopes that release small amounts of radiation that can be recorded by a gamma camera and processed by a computer to produce an image of various anatomical structures or to assess the function of various organs such as the heart, kidneys, thyroid and bones. Nuclear medicine is used primarily to study anatomic and metabolic functions. 
 
 X-ray 
 
 X-rays use roentgen rays to penetrate the body and record images of organs and structures on film. Digital X-ray systems add computer image processing capability to traditional X-ray images, which provides faster transmission of images with a higher resolution and the capability to store images more cost-effectively. 
 
 Ultrasound 
 
 Ultrasound imaging uses sound waves and their echoes to visualize and locate internal organs. It is particularly useful in viewing soft tissues that do not X-ray well. Ultrasound is used in pregnancy to avoid X-ray exposure as well as in gynecological, urologic, vascular, cardiac and breast applications. 
 
 Mammography 
 
 Mammography is a specialized form of radiology using low dosage X-rays to visualize breast tissue and is the primary screening tool for breast cancer. Mammography procedures and related services assist in the diagnosis of and treatment planning for breast cancer. 
 
 Fluoroscopy 
 
 Fluoroscopy uses ionizing radiation combined with a video viewing system for real time monitoring of organs. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 
 We believe the diagnostic imaging services industry will continue to grow as a result of a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 Escalating Demand for Healthcare Services from an Aging Population 
 
 According to the United States Census Bureau estimates released in February 2022, the number of US residents age over 65 stands at 55 million, representing 17 of the population, and according to the Pew Research Center, is expected to reach 81 million, or 19 of the total population by 2050. Because diagnostic imaging use tends to increase as a person ages, we believe the aging population will generate more demand for diagnostic imaging procedures . 
 
 Greater Consumer Awareness of and Demand for Preventive Diagnostic Screening 
 
 Diagnostic imaging, such as elective full-body scans, is increasingly being used as a screening tool for preventive care procedures. Consumer awareness of diagnostic imaging as a less invasive and preventive screening method has added to the growth in diagnostic imaging procedures. We believe that further technological advancements allowing for early diagnosis of diseases and disorders using less invasive procedures will create additional demand for diagnostic imaging. 
 
 New Effective Applications for Diagnostic Imaging Technology 
 
 New technological developments are expected to extend the clinical uses of diagnostic imaging technology and increase the number of scans performed. Recent technological advancements include: 

3 

MRI spectroscopy, which can differentiate malignant from benign lesions; 
 
 MRI angiography, which can produce three-dimensional images of body parts and assess the status of blood vessels; 
 
 enhancements in teleradiology systems, which permit the digital transmission of radiological images from one location to another for interpretation by radiologists at remote locations, 
 
 the development of combined PET/CT and PET/MRI scanners, which combine technologies to create a powerful diagnostic imaging system; and 
 
 use of augmented reality technologies make it possible to create three dimensional images that physicians can examine through virtual reality headsets or print using a three dimensional printer. 
 
 Additional improvements in imaging technologies, contrast agents and scan capabilities are leading to new non-invasive diagnostic imaging application, including methods of diagnosing blockages in the heart s vital coronary arteries, liver metastases, pelvic diseases and vascular abnormalities without exploratory surgery. We believe that the use of the diagnostic capabilities of MRI and other imaging services will continue to increase because they are cost-effective, time-efficient and non-invasive, as compared to alternative procedures, including surgery, and that newer technologies and future technological advancements will further increase the use of imaging services. At the same time, the industry has increasingly used upgrades to existing equipment to expand applications, extend the useful life of existing equipment, improve image quality, reduce image acquisition time and increase the volume of scans that can be performed. We believe the use of equipment upgrades rather than equipment replacements will continue, as we do not foresee new imaging technologies on the near-term horizon that will displace MRI, CT or PET as the principal advanced diagnostic imaging modalities. 
 
 Utilization of Artificial Intelligence 
 
 AI has the potential to significantly change the medical imaging industry. Current AI applications are focused on comparing images against large databases and flagging areas of concern for the radiologist. This is expected to result in improved quality, particularly with diseases, injuries, or conditions that are difficult to detect without supplemental technology. AI can also improve business processes to better effectively serve customers and improve reimbursement and collections accuracy. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 Our Scale and Position as the Largest Provider of Freestanding, Fixed-site Outpatient Diagnostic Imaging Services in the United States, Based on Number of Centers and Revenue 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we operated, directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. Our size and scale allow us to achieve operating, sourcing and administrative efficiencies, including equipment and medical supply sourcing savings and favorable maintenance contracts from equipment manufacturers and other suppliers. Our specific knowledge of our geographic markets drives strong relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians within our markets. 
 
 Our Comprehensive "Multi-Modality" Diagnostic Imaging Offering 
 
 The vast majority of our centers offer multiple types of imaging procedures, driving strong relationships with referring physicians and payors in our markets and a diversified revenue base. At each of our multi-modality centers, we offer patients and referring physicians one location to serve their needs for multiple procedures. This prevents multiple patient visits or unnecessary travel between locations, thereby increasing patient throughput and decreasing costs and time delays. Our revenue is generated by a broad mix of modalities. We believe our multi-modality strategy lessens our exposure to reimbursement changes in any specific modality. 
 
 Our Competitive Pricing 
 
 Our business focus, scale, resources and access to technology afford us with certain operating efficiencies. As such, we believe our fees are generally lower than hospital fees for the services we provide. 
 
 Our Facility Density in Many Highly Populated Areas of the United States 
 
 4 

The strategic organization of our diagnostic imaging centers into regional networks concentrated in major population centers in seven states offers unique benefits to our patients, our referring physicians, our payors and us. We are able to increase the convenience of our services to patients by implementing scheduling systems within geographic regions, where practical. For example, many of our diagnostic imaging centers within a particular region can access the patient appointment calendars of other centers within the same regional network to efficiently allocate time available and to meet a patient's appointment, date, time, or location preferences. The grouping of our centers within regional networks enables us to easily move technologists and other personnel, as well as equipment, from over-utilized to under-utilized centers on an as-needed basis, and drive referrals. Our organization of referral networks results in increased patient throughput, greater operating efficiencies, better equipment utilization rates and improved response time for our patients. We believe our networks of centers and tailored service offerings for geographic areas drive local physician referrals, make us an attractive candidate for selection as a preferred provider by third-party payors and create economies of scale. 
 
 Our Strong Relationships with Payors and Diversified Payor Mix 
 
 Our revenue is derived from a diverse mix of payors, including private payors, managed care capitated payors and government payors, which should mitigate our exposure to possible unfavorable reimbursement trends within any one payor class. In addition, our experience with capitation arrangements has provided us with the expertise to manage utilization and pricing effectively, resulting in a predictable and recurring stream of revenue. We believe that third-party payors representing large groups of patients often prefer to enter into managed care contracts with providers that offer a broad array of diagnostic imaging services at convenient locations throughout a geographic area. In 2022, we received approximately 55 of our net service revenue from commercial insurance payors, 11 from managed care capitated payors, 22 from Medicare and 3 from Medicaid. 
 
 Our Strong Relationships with Experienced and Highly Regarded Radiologists 
 
 Our contracted radiologists have outstanding credentials, strong relationships with referring physicians, and a broad mix of sub-specialties. The collective experience and expertise of these radiologists translates into more accurate and efficient service to patients. 
 
 Our Experienced and Committed Management Team 
 
 Our senior and executive management teams have created our differentiated approach based on their comprehensive understanding of the diagnostic imaging industry and the dynamics of our regional markets. We have a track record of successful acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses into RadNet, and have managed the business through a variety of economic and reimbursement cycles. 
 
 Our Technologically Advanced Operations 
 
 In 2019, we created an AI division that now hosts the combined efforts of our acquisitions of DeepHealth, Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V.. The division is currently focused on developing improved medical interpretation of scans within the fields of mammography, lung and prostate imaging. Combined with our established eRad subsidiary, which develops and sells computerized imaging data storage and retrieval systems, we have assembled an industry leading team of software developers to create radiology workflow solutions that improve patient care. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Maximize Performance at Our Existing Centers 
 
 We intend to enhance our operations and increase scan volume and revenue at our existing centers by expanding physician relationships and increasing the procedure offerings. 
 
 Focus on Profitable Contracting 
 
 We regularly evaluate our contracts with third-party payors, industry vendors and radiology groups, as well as our equipment and real property leases, to determine how we may improve the terms to increase our revenues and reduce our expenses. Because many of our contracts with third party payors are short-term in nature, we can regularly renegotiate these contracts, if necessary. We believe our position as a leading provider of diagnostic imaging services and our long-term 
 
 5 

relationships with physician groups in our markets enable us to obtain more favorable contract terms than would be available to smaller or less experienced imaging services providers. 
 
 Optimize Operating Efficiencies 
 
 We try to maximize our equipment utilization by adding, upgrading and re-deploying equipment where we experience excess demand. We will continue to trim excess operating and general and administrative costs where it is feasible to do so. We may also continue to use, where appropriate, highly trained radiology physician assistants to perform, under appropriate supervision of radiologists, basic services traditionally performed by radiologists. We will continue to upgrade our advanced information technology system to create cost reductions for our centers in areas such as image storage, support personnel and financial management. 
 
 Expand Our Networks 
 
 We intend to continue to expand the number of our centers both organically and through targeted acquisitions, using a disciplined approach for evaluating and entering new areas, including consideration of whether we have adequate financial resources to expand. Our current plans are to strengthen our market presence in geographic areas where we currently have existing operations and to expand into neighboring and other areas where we believe we can compete effectively. We perform extensive due diligence before developing a new facility or acquiring an existing facility or entering into a joint venture with a hospital to manage a facility, including surveying local referral sources and radiologists, as well as examining the demographics, reimbursement environment, competitive landscape and intrinsic demand of the geographic market. We generally will only enter new markets where: 
 
 there is sufficient patient demand for outpatient diagnostic imaging services; 
 
 we believe we can gain significant market share; 
 
 we can build key referral relationships or we have already established such relationships; and 
 
 payors are receptive to our entry into the market. 

Expand Our Joint Ventures 
 
 As part of our growth strategy we have entered into joint ventures with hospitals, health systems or radiology practices that were formed for the purpose of owning and operating diagnostic imaging centers. We have created a number of joint ventures in key markets with well-established hospital systems to manage additional centers. We intend to continue to expand in established markets through additional joint ventures, particularly with hospital systems. We believe that these joint ventures strengthen and expand our strength in markets where we are already established. 
 
 Our Services 
 
 We offer a comprehensive set of imaging services including MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, X-ray, ultrasound, mammography, fluoroscopy and other related procedures. We focus on providing standardized high quality imaging services, regardless of location, to ensure patients, physicians and payors consistency in service and quality. To ensure the high quality of our services, we monitor patient satisfaction, timeliness of services to patients and reports to physicians. 
 
 The key features of our services include: 
 
 patient-friendly, non-clinical environments; 
 
 a 24-hour turnaround on routine examinations; 
 
 interpretations within one to two hours, if needed; 
 
 flexible patient scheduling, including same-day appointments; 
 
 extended operating hours, including weekends; 

6 

reports delivered by courier, facsimile or email; 
 
 availability of second opinions and consultations; 
 
 availability of sub-specialty interpretations at no additional charge; and 
 
 standardized fee schedules by region. 
 
 Radiology Professionals 
 
 In the states in which we provide services (except Florida and Arizona), a lay person or any entity other than a professional corporation or similar professional organization is not allowed to practice medicine, including by employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. This doctrine is commonly referred to as the prohibition on the corporate practice of medicine. In order to comply with this prohibition, we contract with medical groups to provide professional medical services in our centers, including the supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures. 
 
 We contract with a consolidated medical group (the "Group") which consists of professional corporations owned or controlled by individuals within our senior management that provide professional medical services in Arizona, California, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York. At locations where the Group does not provide professional medical services, we have entered into long-term contracts with third-party radiology groups in the area to provide physician services at those centers. These third-party radiology practice groups maintain full control over the provision of professional services, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures, in our diagnostic imaging centers. Each medical group maintains control over the physicians it employs, and is responsible for staffing the facility with qualified professional medical personnel. 
 
 Under management agreements with the Group or other third-party radiology practices, we provide the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment, technical and management services, and administration of the non-medical functions of the professional medical practices at our centers, including the provision of non-medical staff, accounting services, billing and collection, medical and office supplies, transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and marketing. As compensation for the services furnished under management contracts with our medical groups, we receive technical fees for the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and technical services and an agreed percentage of the medical practice billings for, or collections from, services provided at our centers. The medical groups retain the professional reimbursements associated with imaging procedures after deducting management service fees paid to us. 
 
 Additionally, we perform certain management services for a portion of the professional groups with whom we contract who provide professional radiology services at local hospitals. For performing these management services, which include billing, collecting, transcription and medical coding, we receive management fees, that depending on the agreement are calculated at a fixed or variable rate. 
 
 Payors 
 The fees charged for diagnostic imaging services performed at our centers are paid by a diverse mix of payors, as illustrated for the following periods presented in the table below: 
 
 of Net Service Fee Revenue Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Commercial Insurance (1) 
 55 57 54 Managed Care Capitated Payors 11 11 13 Medicare 22 21 20 Medicaid 3 3 2 
 
 (1) Includes co-payments, direct patient payments and payments through contracts with physician groups and other non-insurance company payors. 

7 

Commercial Insurance 
 
 Generally, insurance companies reimburse us, directly or indirectly, including through the Group or through the contracted radiology groups, on the basis of agreed upon rates. These rates are negotiated and may differ materially with rates set forth in the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for the particular service. The patients may be responsible for certain co-payments or deductibles. 
 
 Managed Care Capitation Agreements 
 
 Under these agreements that are generally between the medical groups and the payor (which in most cases are large medical groups or Independent Practice Associations), the payor pays a pre-determined amount per-member per-month in exchange for the radiology group providing all necessary covered services to the managed care members included in the agreement. These contracts pass much of the financial risk of providing outpatient diagnostic imaging services, including the risk of over-use, from the payor to the radiology practice group and, as a result of our management agreement with the radiology practice group, to us. 
 
 We believe that through our comprehensive utilization management, or UM, program we have become highly skilled at assessing and moderating the risks associated with the capitation agreements, so that these agreements are profitable for us. Our UM program is managed by our UM department, which consists of staff who are actively involved with the referring physicians and payor management in both prospective and retrospective review programs. Our UM program includes features such as physician education combined with peer review procedures which are designed to manage our costs while ensuring that patients receive appropriate care. 
 
 Medicare/Medicaid 
 
 Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people age 65 or older and people under age 65 with certain disabilities. Medicaid, funded by both the federal government and states, is a state-administered health insurance program for qualifying low-income and medically needy persons. For services for which we bill Medicare directly or indirectly, including through contracted radiologists, we are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule. Under the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, Congress introduced a new quality incentive program that, effective January 1, 2016, reduces Medicare payments for certain CT services reimbursed through the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule that are furnished using equipment that does not meet certain dose optimization and management standards. Medicare patients usually pay a 20 co-payment unless they have secondary insurance. Medicaid rates are set by the individual states for each state program and Medicaid patients may be responsible for a modest co-payment. 
 
 Contracts with Physician Groups and Other Non-Insurance Company Payors 
 
 For some of our contracts with physician groups and other providers, we do not bill payors, but instead accept agreed upon rates for our radiology services. These rates are typically at or below the rates set forth in the current Medicare Fee Schedule for the particular service. However, we often agree to a specified rate for MRI and CT procedures that is not tied to the Medicare Fee Schedule. 
 
 Imaging Centers 
 
 Our centers are primarily located in geographic networks that we refer to as regions. The majority of our centers are multi-modality sites, offering various combinations of MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, X-ray, fluoroscopy services and other related procedures. A portion of our centers are single-modality sites, offering either X-ray or MRI services. Consistent with our regional network strategy, we locate our single-modality centers near multi-modality centers, to help accommodate overflow in targeted demographic areas. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of our centers operated directly or managed through joint ventures for each year during the five-year period ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 8 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total centers owned or managed (at beginning of the year) 347 331 335 344 297 Centers added by: Acquisition 8 27 13 9 55 Internal development 14 1 4 4 5 Centers closed or sold (12) (12) (21) (22) (13) Total centers owned or managed (at year end) 357 347 331 335 344 
 
 Diagnostic Imaging Equipment 
 
 The following table indicates, as of December 31, 2022, the quantity of principal diagnostic equipment available at our centers operated directly or through joint venture investments: 
 Equipment Count Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 MRI 340 323 293 CT 208 192 175 PET/CT 67 68 67 Mammography 387 358 315 Ultrasound 818 760 689 X-ray 440 415 376 Nuclear Medicine 57 55 57 Fluoroscopy 116 105 117 Total equipment 2,433 2,276 2,089 
 
 The average age of our MRI and CT units is less than five years, and the average age of our PET units is less than four years. The useful life of our MRI, CT and PET units is typically ten years. 
 
 Facility Acquisitions 
 
 Information regarding our facility acquisitions can be found within Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as well as Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Information Technology 
 
 Our corporate headquarters and many of our centers are interconnected through a state-of-the-art information technology system. This system, which is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, is comprised of a number of integrated applications and provides a single operating platform for billing and collections, electronic medical records, practice management and image management. 
 
 This technology has created cost reductions for our centers in areas such as image storage, support personnel and financial management and has further allowed us to optimize the productivity of all aspects of our business by enabling us to: 
 
 capture patient demographic, history and billing information at point-of-service; 
 
 automatically generate bills and electronically file claims with third-party payors; 
 
 record and store diagnostic report images in digital format; 

9 

digitally transmit in real-time diagnostic images from one location to another, thus enabling networked radiologists to cover larger geographic markets by using the specialized training of other networked radiologists; 
 
 perform claims, rejection and collection analysis; and 
 
 perform sophisticated financial analysis, such as analyzing cost and profitability, volume, charges, current activity and patient case mix, with respect to each of our managed care contracts. 
 
 We have developed our own Radiology Information System through our team of software development engineers, which is used as our front desk patient tracking system. 
 
 Human Capital Management Strategy 
 
 The primary goal of our talent management strategy is to attract and retain engaged, talented, and diverse team members to establish RadNet as the employer of choice. We seek to drive performance by enabling effective leadership that results in a positive patient experience delivered by talented and engaged team members. To achieve this, leaders across the enterprise partner to develop and deliver talent and culture programs, create total rewards strategies, and provide efficient and effective people operations. 
 
 We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to the success of our mission to provide comprehensive radiology solutions and change the future of healthcare. We invest in our employees to ensure their confidence and competence in their roles, as well as to provide a path for professional career development. We value an ethical culture where diversity is embraced, good health and safety are promoted, and employees are empowered to share their ideas and opinions. We strive to care for our team members and are concerned about their total well-being. 
 
 Headcount and Labor Representation. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 6,946 full-time, 509 part-time and 1,612 per diem employees, including those employed by the Group. These numbers include 221 full-time and 78 part-time physicians and 2,251 full-time, 353 part-time and 1,083 per-diem technologists. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, Belonging. We are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where team members can be their best and authentic selves. With diversity comes a plethora of different perspectives and these different perspectives breed innovative ideas that enable us to lead radiology forward. Our relationship with Jobs.Vision.Success SoCal, a nonprofit, non-sectarian social service agency, is one example of our support and sponsorship of community outreach and enrichment programs for underserved populations. As a foundational practice, all employees are required to complete cultural competence training annually. 
 
 Employee Listening. We believe in ensuring every team member feels valued, seen, and heard; therefore, we have various avenues for all to share ideas and provide feedback. Piloting initiatives such as the Connections Roadshow and new employee listening platforms enabled senior leaders to hear from team members at all levels of the organization to gain insights on various topics including quality, engagement, innovation, customer service, patient focus, diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging. 
 
 Total Well-being. We subscribe to the belief that if we take care of our people, they will in turn, take care of our patients. Prioritizing and promoting wellness allows our team members to be their best selves at work and at home. Concerning ourselves with the physical, mental, emotional, and social well-being of each team member enables us to attract and retain top talent. Beyond fair and equitable pay, we offer a wide range of benefit plan options that include, but are not limited to, medical insurance, health savings accounts, family support services, nutrition and exercise programs, and financial education. We evaluate our total well-being packages regularly to remain competitive, align with legislative changes, and respond to the needs of our team members. Based on survey feedback, we recently replaced our wellness platform and introduced Navigate Wellness to better address what our team members care about most. 
 
 Talent Development. Equipping our people to perform excellently is one of our top priorities. With companies across the country facing unprecedented, post-pandemic labor shortages, attrition, and turnover, we are doubling down on our People and Culture initiatives. We have established a Talent Culture Center of Expertise to focus on the employee experience from beginning to end. With a heightened focus on upskilling our existing workforce, our investment in new training and development platforms and piloting a coaching capabilities builder program for our leaders, we are promoting timely and effective feedback that fosters trust, respect, teamwork, growth, and excellence. Furthermore, our tuition reimbursement program encourages team members at all levels of the enterprise to seek additional skills. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales and marketing team employs a multi-pronged approach to marketing, including physician, payor and sports marketing programs, each of which are described below: 
 
 10 

Physician Marketing 
 
 Each customer service representative on our physician marketing team is responsible for marketing activity on behalf of one or more centers. The representatives act as a liaison between the facility and referring physicians, holding meetings periodically and on an as-needed basis with them and their staff to present educational programs on new applications and uses of our systems and to address particular patient service issues that have arisen. In our experience, consistent hands-on contact with a referring physician and his or her staff generates goodwill and increases referrals to our centers. The representatives also continually seek to establish referral relationships with new physicians and physician groups. In addition to a base salary, each representative receives a bonus based upon success. 
 
 Payor Marketing 
 
 Our marketing team regularly meets with managed care organizations and insurance companies to solicit contracts and meet with existing contracting payors to solidify those relationships. The comprehensiveness of our services, the geographic location of our centers and the reputation of the physicians with whom we contract all serve as tools for obtaining new or repeat business from payors. 
 
 Sports Marketing Program 
 
 Our west coast operations renders in stadium digital X-ray for the following organizations: Los Angeles Clippers, Dodgers, Kings and Lakers. In exchange, we receive season tickets and parking. Contract lengths vary from yearly up to five years. We also provide radiology services at select imaging centers for the Anaheim Ducks, Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Rams, Oakland Athletics, San Francisco 49ers and student athletes of the University of Southern California. 
 
 Through our east coast operations, we have entered into sponsorship agreements with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League and the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball which permit us to state we are the imaging partner to each organization. Both agreements last through 2023. 
 
 Suppliers 
 
 We acquire our major diagnostic imaging equipment directly from original equipment manufacturers or through third party financing companies and purchase medical supplies from various national vendors. Our diagnostic imaging equipment represents a cornerstone investment of the company as it provides our customers the latest in imaging technology. We employ direct purchase or finance arrangements to accomplish our needs with such firms as GE, Hologic, Key Equipment, Philips, Siemens and Spectrum. We have excellent working relationships with our providers who are of comparable stature in the event one becomes unavailable. At December 31, 2022, our liabilities for operating arrangements of radiology equipment amounted to approximately 13.7 million. If we open or acquire additional imaging centers, we may incur material equipment lease obligations. See Note 9, Leases, to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Timely and effective maintenance is essential for achieving high utilization rates of our imaging equipment. In order to ensure operational efficiency, we have maintenance arrangements with the various service arms of the original equipment manufacturers that supply our imaging equipment. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our competitors include independent imaging operators and smaller regional operators, as well as hospitals and hospital groups that operate their own imaging services. In addition, some physician practices have established their own diagnostic imaging centers within their group practices. 
 
 We compete principally on the basis of our reputation, our ability to provide multiple modalities at many of our centers, the location of our centers, the quality of our diagnostic imaging services and technologists and our ability to establish and maintain relationships with healthcare providers and referring physicians. See Competitive Strengths above. Some of our competitors may now or in the future have access to greater financial resources than we do, which could allow them to establish more centers and provide access to newer, more advanced equipment. 
 
 Each of the Group and our third party contracted radiology practices has entered into agreements with its physician shareholders and full-time employed radiologists that generally prohibit those shareholders and radiologists from competing for 
 
 11 

a period of two to five years within defined geographic regions after they cease to be owners or employees, as applicable. In certain states, like California, a covenant not to compete is enforced in limited circumstances involving the sale of a business. In other states, a covenant not to compete will be enforced only: 
 
 to the extent it is necessary to protect a legitimate business interest of the party seeking enforcement; 
 
 if it does not unreasonably restrain the party against whom enforcement is sought; and 
 
 if it is not contrary to public interest. 
 Enforceability of a non-compete covenant is determined by a court based on all of the facts and circumstances of the specific case at the time enforcement is sought. For this reason, it is not possible to predict whether or to what extent a court will enforce the contracted radiology practices covenants. The inability of the contracted radiology practices or us to enforce a radiologist s non-compete covenants could result in increased competition from individuals who are knowledgeable about our business strategies and operations. 
 
 Liability Insurance 
 
 We maintain insurance policies with coverage we believe is appropriate in light of the risks attendant to our business and consistent with industry practice. We maintain general liability insurance and professional liability insurance in commercially reasonable amounts. Additionally, we maintain workers compensation insurance on all of our employees. Coverage is placed on a statutory basis and corresponds to individual state s requirements. However, adequate liability insurance may not be available to us in the future at acceptable costs or at all. In addition, insurers from which we purchase such insurance may experience financial hardship which would impact their ability to pay covered policyholder claims. 
 
 Pursuant to our agreements with physician groups with whom we contract, including the Group, each must maintain medical malpractice insurance for each physician in the group, having coverage limits of not less than 1.0 million per incident and 3.0 million in the aggregate per year. 
 
 California s medical malpractice cap further reduces our exposure. California places a 250,000 limit on non-economic damages for medical malpractice cases. Non-economic damages are defined as compensation for pain, suffering, inconvenience, physical impairment, disfigurement and other non-pecuniary injury. The cap applies whether the case is for injury or death, and it allows only one 250,000 recovery in a wrongful death case. No cap applies to economic damages. Other states in which we now operate do not have similar limitations and in those states we believe our insurance coverage to be sufficient. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in the regulatory environment could significantly affect our operations in the future. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon us, and the contracted radiology practices and their affiliated physicians, obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses and other approvals, and operating in compliance with applicable healthcare regulations. We believe that healthcare regulations will continue to change. Therefore, we monitor developments in healthcare law and modify our operations from time to time as the business and regulatory environment changes. 
 
 Facilities Licensing and Certification Laws 
 
 Ownership, construction, operation, expansion and acquisition of diagnostic imaging centers are subject to various federal and state laws, regulations and approvals concerning licensing of centers and personnel. In addition, free-standing diagnostic imaging centers that provide services not performed as part of a physician's office must meet Medicare requirements to be certified as an independent diagnostic testing facility before it can be authorized to bill the Medicare program. 
 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine 
 
 In the states in which we operate, other than Florida and Arizona, a lay person or any entity other than a professional corporation or other similar professional organization is not allowed to practice medicine, including by employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. The 
 
 12 

laws of such states also prohibit a lay person or a non-professional entity from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with physicians. We structure our relationships with the radiology practices, including the purchase of diagnostic imaging centers, in a manner that we believe keeps us from engaging in the practice of medicine, exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of the radiology practices or their physicians, or violating the prohibitions against fee-splitting. 
 
 Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Federal Anti-kickback Statute 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 22 of our net service revenue generated at our diagnostic imaging centers was derived from federal government sponsored healthcare programs (Medicare) and 3 from state sponsored programs (Medicaid). 
 
 Federal law known as the Anti-kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs or (iii) the purchase, lease or order or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. Noncompliance with the federal Anti-kickback Statute can result in exclusion from the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs and civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 The Anti-kickback Statute is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. To create better clarity, the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (OIG) has issued regulations as "safe harbor" guidelines which if met in form and substance, will assure healthcare providers that they will not be prosecuted for violation of the Anti kickback Statute. The OIG issued a final rule on November 20, 2020, as part of the Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care initiative by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that, among other things, established new "safe harbors" under the Anti-kickback Statute for certain value-based compensation arrangements. Although full compliance with these provisions ensures against prosecution under the federal Anti-kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-kickback Statute will be pursued. 
 
 Although some of our arrangements may not fall within a safe harbor, we believe that such business arrangements do not violate the Anti-kickback Statute because we are careful to structure them to reflect fair value and ensure that the reasons underlying our decision to enter into a business arrangement comport with reasonable interpretations of the Anti-kickback Statute. However, even though we continuously strive to comply with the requirements of the Anti-kickback Statute, liability under the Anti-kickback Statute may still arise because of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. While we are not aware of any such intentions or actions, we have only limited knowledge regarding the intentions or actions underlying those arrangements. Conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy one of these safe harbor provisions may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities such as the Office of the Inspector General. 
 
 Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Stark Law 
 
 The Ethics in Patient Referral Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare patients to an entity providing designated health services in which the physician (or immediate family member) has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician (or immediate family member) has entered into a compensation arrangement. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity from billing for any such prohibited referral. The penalties for violating the Stark Law include a prohibition on payment by these governmental programs and civil penalties of as much as 15,000 for each violation referral and 100,000 for participation in a circumvention scheme. The regulations governing the Stark Law were also recently amended as part of the Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care initiative. These new regulations, which among other things establish new exceptions for value-based arrangements, were published by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) on November 20, 2020. We believe that, although we receive fees under our service agreements for management and administrative services, we are not in a position to make or influence referrals of patients. 
 
 Under the Stark Law, radiology and certain other imaging services and radiation therapy services and supplies are services included in the designated health services subject to the self-referral prohibition. Such services include the professional and technical components of any diagnostic test or procedure using X-rays, ultrasound or other imaging services, CT, MRI, radiation therapy and diagnostic mammography services (but not screening mammography services). PET and nuclear medicine procedures are also included as designated health services under the Stark Law. The Stark Law, however, excludes from designated health services: (i) X-ray, fluoroscopy or ultrasound procedures that require the insertion of a needle, catheter, tube or probe through the skin or into a body orifice; (ii) radiology procedures that are integral to the performance of, and performed 
 
 13 

during, non-radiological medical procedures; and (iii) invasive or interventional radiology, because the radiology services in these procedures are merely incidental or secondary to another procedure that the physician has ordered. 
 
 The Stark Law provides that a request by a radiologist for diagnostic radiology services or a request by a radiation oncologist for radiation therapy, if such services are furnished by or under the supervision of such radiologist or radiation oncologist pursuant to a consultation requested by another physician, does not constitute a referral by a referring physician. If such requirements are met, the Stark Law self-referral prohibition would not apply to such services. The effect of the Stark Law on the radiology practices, therefore, will depend on the precise scope of services furnished by each such practice s radiologists and whether such services derive from consultations or are self-generated. 
 
 We believe that, other than self-referred patients, all of the services covered by the Stark Law provided by the contracted radiology practices derive from requests for consultation by non-affiliated physicians. Therefore, we believe that the Stark Law is not implicated by the financial relationships between our operations and the contracted radiology practices. In addition, we believe that we have structured our acquisitions of the assets of existing practices, and we intend to structure any future acquisitions, so as not to violate the Anti-kickback Statute, Stark Law and the regulations related to these laws. Specifically, we believe the consideration paid by us to physicians to acquire the tangible and intangible assets associated with their practices is consistent with fair value in arms length transactions and is not intended to induce the referral of patients or other business generated by such physicians. Should any such practice be deemed to constitute an arrangement designed to induce the referral of Medicare or Medicaid patients, then our acquisitions could be viewed as possibly violating anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and regulations. A determination of liability under any such laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse General 
 
 The federal government embarked on an initiative to audit all Medicare carriers, which are the companies that adjudicate and pay Medicare claims. These audits are expected to intensify governmental scrutiny of individual providers. An unsatisfactory audit of any of our diagnostic imaging centers or contracted radiology practices could result in any or all of the following: significant repayment obligations, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, and civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 Federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities have increased enforcement activities with respect to Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse regulations and other reimbursement laws and rules, including laws and regulations that govern our activities and the activities of the radiology practices. The federal government also has increased funding to fight healthcare fraud and is coordinating its enforcement efforts among various agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, and state Medicaid fraud control units. The government may investigate our or the radiology practices activities, claims may be made against us or the radiology practices and these increased enforcement activities may directly or indirectly have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 State Anti-kickback and Physician Self-referral Laws 
 
 Many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-kickback Statute and the Stark Law. Some of these state prohibitions apply to services and the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Although we believe that we comply with both federal and state anti-kickback laws and self-referral laws, any finding of a violation of these laws could subject us to criminal and civil penalties or possible exclusion from federal or state healthcare programs. Such penalties would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business. 
 
 Federal False Claims Act 
 
 The federal False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person who it believes has knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. The federal False Claims Act further provides that a lawsuit thereunder may be initiated in the name of the United States by an individual, a whistleblower, who is an original source of the allegations. The government has taken the position that claims presented in violation of the federal Anti-kickback Statute or Stark Law may be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act. Penalties include civil penalties of not less than 5,500 and not more than 11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the act of that person. 

14 

Further, states are being encouraged to adopt false claims acts similar to the federal False Claims Act, which establish liability for submission of fraudulent claims to the State Medicaid program and contain whistleblower provisions. Even in instances when a whistleblower action is dismissed with no judgment or settlement, we may incur substantial legal fees and other costs relating to an investigation. Future actions under the False Claims Act may result in significant fines and legal fees, which would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business. 
 
 We believe that we are in compliance with the rules and regulations that apply to the federal False Claims Act as well as its state counterparts. 
 
 Healthcare Reform Legislation 
 
 Healthcare reform legislation enacted in the first quarter of 2010 by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or PPACA, specifically requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, in computing physician practice expense relative value units, to increase the equipment utilization factor for advanced diagnostic imaging services (such as MRI, CT and PET) from a presumed utilization rate of 50 to 65 for 2010 through 2012, 70 in 2013, and 75 thereafter. Excluded from the adjustment is low-technology imaging modalities such as ultrasound, X-ray and fluoroscopy. The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (H.R. 4872), or Reconciliation Act, which was passed by the Senate and approved by the President on March 30, 2010, amends the provision for higher presumed utilization of advanced diagnostic imaging services to a presumed rate of 75 . The higher utilization rate was fully implemented in the beginning of 2011 and replaced the phase-in approach provided in the PPACA. This utilization rate was further increased to 90 by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, effective as of January 1, 2014. 
 
 The aim of increased utilization of diagnostic imaging services is to spread the cost of the equipment and services over a greater number of scans, resulting in a lower cost per scan. These changes have precipitated reductions in federal reimbursement for medical imaging and have resulted in decreased revenue for the scans we perform for Medicare beneficiaries. Other changes in reimbursement for services rendered by Medicare Advantage plans may also reduce the revenues we receive for services rendered to Medicare Advantage enrollees. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). Among numerous changes to the tax code, the Tax Act repealed the individual mandate tax penalty (the Individual Mandate ), a PPACA provision that required individuals to pay additional taxes if he or she was uninsured during the year. Repeal of the Individual Mandate may lead to more people being uninsured, and could raise premium rates for insured persons. Such a development could affect reimbursement, coverage, and utilization of diagnostic imaging services in ways that are currently unpredictable. Other changes to the PPACA (whether through legislation or judicial action), including further rollbacks of the PPACA being sought by congressional and state members of the Republican Party, or expansion of the PPACA (including, but not limited to, the development of a "public option" that would compete with private insurers to offer coverage to both individuals and those with employer sponsored insurance) being sought by the Biden Administration, could have similarly unpredictable effects. 
 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 
 
 Congress enacted the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, in part, to combat healthcare fraud and to protect the privacy and security of patients individually identifiable healthcare information. HIPAA, among other things, amends existing crimes and criminal penalties for Medicare fraud and enacts new federal healthcare fraud crimes, including actions affecting non-government healthcare benefit programs. Under HIPAA, a healthcare benefit program includes any private plan or contract affecting interstate commerce under which any medical benefit, item or service is provided. A person or entity that knowingly and willfully obtains the money or property of any healthcare benefit program by means of false or fraudulent representations in connection with the delivery of healthcare services is subject to a fine or imprisonment, or potentially both. In addition, HIPAA authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties against entities that employ or enter into contracts with excluded Medicare or Medicaid program participants if such entities provide services to federal health program beneficiaries. A finding of liability under HIPAA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Further, HIPAA requires healthcare providers and their business associates to maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected health information PHI ). HIPAA imposes federal standards for electronic transactions, for the security of electronic health information and for protecting the privacy of PHI. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), signed into law on February 17, 2009, dramatically expanded, among other things, (1) the scope of HIPAA to now apply directly to business associates, or independent contractors who receive or obtain PHI in connection with providing a service to a covered entity, (2) substantive security and privacy obligations, 
 
 15 

including new federal security breach notification requirements to affected individuals, DHHS and prominent media outlets, of certain breaches of unsecured PHI, (3) restrictions on marketing communications and a prohibition on covered entities or business associates from receiving remuneration in exchange for PHI, and (4) the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed for HIPAA violations, increasing the annual cap in penalties from 25,000 to 1.5 million per year. 
 
 In addition, many states have enacted comparable privacy and security statutes or regulations that, in some cases, are more stringent than HIPAA requirements. In those cases it may be necessary to modify our operations and procedures to comply with the more stringent state laws, which may entail significant and costly changes for us. We believe that we are in compliance with such state laws and regulations. However, if we fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional sanctions. 
 
 We believe that we are in compliance with the current HIPAA requirements, as amended by HITECH, and comparable state laws, but we anticipate that we may encounter certain costs associated with future compliance. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that enforcement agencies or courts will not make interpretations of the HIPAA standards that are inconsistent with ours, or the interpretations of our contracted radiology practices or their affiliated physicians. A finding of liability under the HIPAA standards may result in significant criminal and civil penalties. Noncompliance also may result in exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration or FDA 
 
 The FDA has issued the requisite pre-market approval for all of the MRI and CT systems we use. 
 
 Our mammography systems are regulated by the FDA pursuant to the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992, as amended by the Mammography Quality Standards Reauthorization Acts of 1998 and 2004 (collectively, the MQSA ). All mammography centers are required to meet the applicable MQSA requirements, including quality standards, be accredited by an approved accreditation body or state agency and certified by the FDA or an FDA-approved certifying state agency. Pursuant to the accreditation process, each facility providing mammography services must comply with certain standards that include, among other things, annual inspection of the facility's equipment, personnel (interpreting physicians, technologists and medical physicists) and practices. 
 
 Compliance with these MQSA requirements and standards is required to obtain Medicare payment for services provided to beneficiaries and to avoid various sanctions, including monetary penalties, or suspension of certification. Although the Mammography Accreditation Program of the American College of Radiology is an approved accreditation body and currently accredits all of our centers which provide mammography services, and although we anticipate continuing to meet the requirements for accreditation, if we lose such accreditation, the FDA could revoke our certification. Congress has extended Medicare benefits to include coverage of screening mammography but coverage is subject to the facility performing the mammography meeting prescribed quality standards described above. The Medicare requirements to meet the standards apply to diagnostic mammography and image quality examination as well as screening mammography. 
 
 Radiologist Licensing 
 
 The radiologists providing professional medical services at our centers are subject to licensing and related regulations by the states in which they provide services. As a result, we require the radiology groups with which we contract to require those radiologists to have and maintain appropriate licensure. We do not believe that such laws and regulations will either prohibit or require licensure approval of our business operations, although no assurances can be made that such laws and regulations will not be interpreted to extend such prohibitions or requirements to our operations. 
 
 Insurance Laws and Regulation 
 
 States in which we operate have adopted certain laws and regulations affecting risk assumption in the healthcare industry, including those that subject any physician or physician network engaged in risk-based managed care to comply with applicable insurance laws and regulations. These laws and regulations may require physicians and physician networks to meet minimum capital requirements and other safety and soundness requirements. Implementing additional regulations or compliance requirements could result in substantial costs to the contracted radiology practices, limiting their ability to enter into capitated or other risk-sharing managed care arrangements and indirectly affecting our revenue from the contracted practices. 
 
 U.S. Federal Budget 

16 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from direct billings to governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private health insurance companies and/or health plans, including but not limited to those participating in the Medicare Advantage program. As a result, any negative changes in governmental capitation or fee-for-service rates or methods of reimbursement for the services we provide could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and financial results. 
 
 Because governmental healthcare programs generally reimburse on a fee schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis, we generally cannot increase our revenues from these programs by increasing the amount of charges for services. Moreover, if our costs increase, we may not be able to recover our increased costs from these programs. Government and private payors have taken and may continue to take steps to control the cost, eligibility for, use, and delivery of healthcare services as a result of budgetary constraints, cost containment pressures and other reasons. We believe that these trends in cost containment will continue. These cost containment measures, and other market changes in non-governmental insurance plans have generally restricted our ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, any increased costs that we experience. Our integrated care business and financial operations may be materially affected by these developments. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The facilities we operate or manage generate hazardous and medical waste subject to federal and state requirements regarding handling and disposal. We believe that the facilities that we operate and manage are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the handling and disposal of such materials. We do not believe that we will be required to expend any material additional amounts in order to remain in compliance with these laws and regulations or that compliance will materially affect our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. 
 
 Compliance Program 
 
 We maintain a program to monitor compliance with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to healthcare entities. We have a compliance officer who is charged with implementing and supervising our compliance program, which includes the adoption of (i) Standards of Conduct for our employees and affiliates and (ii) a process that specifies how employees, affiliates and others may report regulatory or ethical concerns to our compliance officer. We believe that our compliance program meets the relevant standards provided by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
 
 An important part of our compliance program consists of conducting periodic audits of various aspects of our operations and that of the contracted radiology practices. We also conduct mandatory educational programs designed to familiarize our employees with the regulatory requirements and specific elements of our compliance program. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 General Economic and Industry Risks 
 
 Adverse changes in general domestic and worldwide economic conditions could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 We are subject to risk arising from adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions, including recession or economic slowdown and disruption of credit markets. Concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession, inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for near-term growth in the United States and many global economies. 
 
 Continued turbulence in domestic and international markets and economies may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of our patients. Patients may transition work, leaving insurance programs, or defer non-emergency procedures which could reduce overall demand for our services. A decline in global economic conditions could also have a significant impact on the financial condition and operations of our third party payors, contracting radiology groups, equipment manufacturers and other suppliers. 
 
 A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased risk of collection on our accounts receivable and impairment of goodwill, possible reductions in liquidity, as well as the risk of failure of derivative counterparties and other 
 
 17 

financial institutions. These and other economic factors can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 Increasing interest rates or disruption of credit markets could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 In response to recent macroeconomic concerns, the United States and other western countries have implemented monetary policies focused on suppressing inflation, including increasing interest rates. We operate in an industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations, particularly the initial start-up and development expenses of new diagnostic imaging centers and the acquisition of additional centers and new diagnostic imaging equipment. To meet these capital requirements we have incurred various indebtedness including senior secured credit facilities and equipment leases. 
 
 Most of our indebtedness is borrowed under terms with variable interest rates. We have purchased, and may in the future purchase, forward swaps or other derivative instruments designed to hedge the risk of changes in interest rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in interest rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. If these market conditions continue, we may experience increased expenses associated with borrowing and resulting decreases in profitability. Moreover, continued disruption in credit markets could render it more difficult for us to timely replacing maturing liabilities or to expand credit facilities, which would adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 We face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, including the global outbreak of COVID-19 (including the virus' variants that have emerged and could emerge in the future): 
 
 Restrictions intended to slow the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, government-mandated actions, stay-at-home orders and other restrictions, have led and may in the future lead to periods where procedure volumes drop significantly; 
 Disruptions in supply chains can affect the cost and availability of reagents and other materials needed for certain procedures; 
 Significant portions of our workforce may be unable to work illness, quarantines, facility closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations; 
 General economic downturns as a result of COVID-19 may affect demand or pricing for our services; and 
 Volatility in the global capital markets may result in a decrease in the price of our common stock, or an increase in our cost of capital. 
 
 Our results of operations have recovered from the initial outbreak of COVID-19, but a further outbreak or similar pandemic event would negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or practices as a result of, in response to or otherwise relating to COVID-19, including the wind-down of the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency (PHE) and similar federal and state regulatory measures, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Given the many uncertainties and far-reaching consequences of potential developments, we cannot assure that the COVID-19 outbreak or similar event will not require extended or additional diagnostic center closures and other disruptions to our business or will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition for significant periods of time moving forward. 
 
 Business interruptions due to natural disasters or other external events beyond our control can adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our operations can be subject to external events beyond our control, such as the effects of earthquakes, fires, floods, severe weather, public health issues, power failures, telecommunication loss, and other natural and man-made events, some of which may be intensified by the effects of climate change and changing weather patterns. Our corporate headquarters and over 100 of our radiology centers are located in California, which is subject to wildfires, blackouts, and potentially damaging earthquakes. In addition, several of our centers located in parts of the east coast have suffered from weather events that caused us to temporarily close centers. These or other similar events could cause disruption or interruption to our operations and significantly impact our employees. 
 
 Any disruption to our services may result in decreases in revenues or increased operating and capital expenses. Historically, when we have experienced a reduction in business due to inclement weather or external events for a period of 
 
 18 

time, our operations have returned to a normalized level, but we have not experience a significant increase of procedures that would fully compensate for the revenues lost during the slower periods. 
 
 Changes in the method or rates of third-party reimbursement could have a negative impact on our results 
 
 A significant portion of our business is derived from federal and state reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid. From time to time those programs implement changes designed to contain healthcare costs, some of which have resulted in decreased reimbursement rates for diagnostic imaging services that impact our business. On November 22, 2022, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS released the 2022 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule final rule, which contained significant payment reductions effective January 1, 2023 for radiology services as a result of changes to relative value units, redistributive effects of the CMS proposed clinical labor pricing update and statutorily mandated budget neutrality rules. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, enacted on December 29, 2022, mitigated to a certain extent the reimbursement cuts, but did not completely eliminate them. Furthermore, absent further and more permanent intervention from Congress, CMS could propose and impose similar or more significant reimbursement cuts in the months and years ahead . 
 
 One of the principal objectives of health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations is to control the cost of healthcare services. Managed care contracting has become very competitive, and reimbursement schedules are at or below Medicare reimbursement levels. The expansion of health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and other managed care organizations within the geographic areas covered by our network could have a negative impact on the utilization and pricing of our services, because these organizations will exert greater control over patients access to diagnostic imaging services, the selections of the provider of such services and reimbursement rates for those services. Relatedly, reimbursement rate cuts may be pursued as a cost-saving measure by third party payors resulting from the implementation of the federal No Surprises Act (H.R. 133) and similar insurer-provider payment dispute laws, which also may negatively impact our revenue. 
 
 Any reduction in the rate that we can charge for our imaging services under these programs will reduce our net revenues and our operating margins per procedure under those reimbursement programs. Unless we can secure additional procedure volumes, increase utilization of our equipment, or change the overall mix of service procedures that we provide, a decline in reimbursement rates will reduce our net revenues and results of operations. 
 
 We experience competition from other diagnostic imaging companies and hospitals, and this competition could adversely affect our revenue and business. 
 
 The market for diagnostic imaging services is highly competitive. We compete for patients principally on the basis of our reputation, our ability to provide multiple modalities at many of our centers, the location of our centers and the quality of our diagnostic imaging services. Our competitors include independent imaging operators, such as Akumin, Inc., which recently acquired Alliance Healthcare Services, and smaller regional operators, as well as hospitals, clinics and radiology groups that operate their own imaging equipment. Some of our competitors may have, now or in the future, access to greater financial resources than we do and may have access to newer, more advanced equipment. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 Technological change in our industry could reduce the demand for our services and require us to incur significant costs to upgrade our equipment. 
 
 The development of new technologies or refinements of existing modalities may require us to upgrade and enhance our existing equipment before we may otherwise intend. Many companies currently manufacture diagnostic imaging equipment. Competition among manufacturers for a greater share of the diagnostic imaging equipment market may result in technological advances in the speed and imaging capacity of new equipment. In addition, advances in technology may enable physicians and others to perform diagnostic imaging procedures without us. 
 
 Our scale in both the number of our locations and the number and types of imaging equipment we offer is one of our competitive advantages. If the development of new technologies accelerates the obsolescence of our current equipment, we may lose some of our competitive advantage. We may also be required to accelerate the depreciation on existing equipment and incur significant capital expenditures to acquire the new technologies. We may not have the financial ability to acquire the new or improved equipment and may not be able to maintain a competitive equipment base. 
 
 Business Risks 
 
 If our contracted radiology practices terminate their agreements with us, our business could substantially diminish. 

19 

Our business is substantially dependent on the radiology groups that we contract with to provide medical services. The radiology groups are party to substantially all of the managed care contracts from which we derive revenue. Under the terms of our management agreements, these radiology groups must use their best efforts to provide medical services at our centers as well as any new centers that we open or acquire in their areas of operation. Although our management agreements are for multiple years, the radiology groups have the right to terminate the agreements if we default on our obligations and fail to cure the default. Also, the various radiology groups ability to continue performing under the management agreements may be curtailed or eliminated due to the radiology groups own financial difficulties, loss of physicians or other circumstances. 
 
 If any of our contracted radiology groups cannot perform their obligations to us, we would need to contract with one or more other radiology groups to provide the professional medical services. We may not be able to locate radiology groups willing to provide those services on terms acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, the radiology group s relationships with referring physicians are largely responsible for the revenue generated at the centers they service. Any replacement radiology group s relationships with referring physicians may not be as extensive as those of the terminated group. The termination of a management agreement with a radiology group could result in both short and long-term loss of revenue and adversely affect our performance and competitive position in the markets served by the departing radiology group. 
 
 We are dependent on the ability of our contracted radiology practices, including the Group, to hire and retain qualified radiologists. 
 
 At times, there has been a shortage of qualified radiologists in some of the regional markets we serve. Competition in recruiting radiologists may make it difficult for our contracted radiology practices to maintain adequate levels of radiologists. If a significant number of radiologists terminate their relationships with our contracted radiology practices and those radiology practices cannot recruit sufficient qualified radiologists to fulfill their obligations under our agreements with them, our ability to maximize the use of our diagnostic imaging centers and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We are experiencing tighter labor conditions in some of the markets we serve. As a result our contracting radiological practices have experienced increased salary and professional services expenses. Increased expenses for the contracting radiological practices, including the Group, impacts our financial results because the management fee we receive from them, which is based on a percentage of their collections, is adjusted annually to take into account their expenses. Neither we, nor our contracted radiology practices, maintain insurance on the lives of any affiliated physicians. 
 
 Our ability to generate revenue depends in large part on referrals from physicians. 
 
 We depend on unaffiliated physicians and other third parties who have no contractual obligations to refer patients to us for a substantial portion of the services we perform. If a sufficiently large number of these physicians and other third parties were to discontinue referring patients to us, our imaging procedure volume would decrease, which would reduce our net revenue and operating margins. 
 
 Further, commercial third-party payors have implemented managed care programs that could limit the ability of physicians to refer patients to us. For example, health maintenance organizations sometimes contract directly with providers and require their enrollees to obtain these services exclusively from those contracted providers. Some insurance companies and self-insured employers also limit these services to contracted providers. These closed panel systems are now common in the managed care environment. Other systems such as preferred physician organizations create an economic disincentive for referrals to providers outside the system s designated panel of providers. We seek to be the designated provider under these systems. If we are unable to compete successfully for these managed care contracts, our net revenues and our prospects for growth could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may become subject to professional malpractice liability, which could be costly and negatively impact our reputation and business. 
 
 The physicians employed by our contracted radiology groups are from time to time subject to malpractice claims. We structure our relationships with the radiology groups under our management agreements in a manner that we believe does not constitute the practice of medicine by us, or subject us to professional malpractice claims for acts or omissions of physicians employed by the contracted radiology practices. Nevertheless, claims relating to services provided by the contracted radiology practices have been asserted against us in the past and may be asserted against us in the future. In addition, we may be subject to other professional liability claims, including for improper use or malfunction of our diagnostic imaging equipment, or for accidental contamination, or injury from exposure to radiation. 
 
 We seek to manage this risk through the purchase of professional liability insurance. Any claim made against us that is not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend, result in a substantial damage award against us and divert the attention of our management from our operations, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, 
 
 20 

successful claims against us may adversely affect our business or reputation. Although California places a 250,000 limit on non-economic damages for medical malpractice cases, no limit applies to economic damages and no such limits exist in the other states in which we provide services. 
 
 Even if we purchase professional liability insurance we are dependent on the creditworthiness of the insurance provider. For a period of time ending in July 2017 we purchased professional liability insurance from Fairway Physicians Insurance Company, A Risk Retention Group Fairway ). Fairway experienced financial hardship. As a result, on August 29, 2017, the District of Columbia Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking DISB found that Fairway was statutorily insolvent and that its continued operation would be hazardous to its policyholders, creditors and the general public. On October 25, 2017, the Superior Court for the District of Columbia issued an order authorizing the DISB Commissioner to liquidate Fairway. Fairway s liquidation is currently pending, and it is presently unknown whether the Fairway liquidation estate will be able to pay covered policyholder claims, including claims asserted against us. 
 
 We may not receive payment from some of our healthcare provider customers because of their financial circumstances. 
 
 We contract with commercial insurance and managed care providers to provide diagnostic imaging services to their members. Some of our healthcare provider customers do not have significant financial resources, liquidity or access to capital. If these customers experience financial difficulties they may be unable to pay us for the services that we provide. A significant deterioration in general or local economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the financial health of certain of our healthcare provider customers. If our health care provider customers suffer financial hardship they could delay or default on their payment obligations to us, reducing our accounts receivable and negatively impacting our results of operations. 
 
 Capitation fee arrangements could reduce our operating margins. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we derived approximately 11 of our total net revenue from capitation arrangements, and we expect to continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from capitation arrangements in the future. Under capitation arrangements, the payor pays us a pre-determined amount per-patient per-month, and in exchange we are required to provide all necessary covered services to the patients covered under the arrangement. These contracts pass much of the financial risk of providing diagnostic imaging services, including the risk of over-use, from the payor to us as the provider. Our ability to generate profit from these arrangements is dependent on our ability to correctly forecast demand for services for the patient base, negotiate appropriate pre-determined amounts with the payor and efficiently manage the utilization of those services. If we are not successful in forecasting demand patients or enrollees covered by these contracts require more frequent or extensive care than anticipated, or if we are not efficient in managing the utilization of services under these capitation arrangements, we would incur unanticipated costs not offset by additional revenue, which would reduce operating margins. 
 
 Disruption or malfunction in our information systems could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information. A significant portion of the communication between personnel, customers, business partners, and suppliers depends on information technology. We rely on our information systems to perform functions critical to our ability to operate, including patient scheduling, billing, collections, image storage and image transmission. We also use information technology systems and networks in our operations and supporting departments such as marketing, accounting, finance, and human resources. The future success and growth of our business depends on streamlined processes made available through information systems, global communications, internet activity and other network processes. 
 
 Our information technology system is vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 
 
 earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters; 
 
 power losses, computer systems failures, internet and telecommunications or data network failures, operator negligence, improper operation by or supervision of employees, physical and electronic losses of data and similar events; and 
 
 computer viruses, security attacks and breaches, coordinated attacks by hackers or activist entities seeking to disrupt operations or misappropriate information and other breaches of security; and 
 
 acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors and similar events. 
 
 These threats are constantly changing, increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventive measures. We maintain multiple layers of security measures and are continuously enhancing 
 
 21 

our security technologies to address new threats. Our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Emerging and advanced security threats, including coordinated attacks, require additional layers of security which may disrupt or impact efficiency of operations. 
 
 We have in the past experienced unauthorized access to our network and could again face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to information or to introduce malicious software to disrupt the operation of our information technology systems. Any unauthorized access to our information technology systems could have a material adverse impact on our business or operations. Responding to such incidents could require us to incur significant costs related to rebuilding internal systems, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, complying with consumer protection laws or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. An extended interruption in our information technology system s function could significantly limit our ability to conduct our business and generate revenue. If our data storage system was compromised, it could also give rise to unwanted media attention, materially damage our payor and physician relationships, and harm our business reputation. While we maintain cyber liability insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all losses we may incur if we suffer significant or multiple attacks. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our key personnel and loss of key executives could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain qualified senior and executive management, and managerial and technical personnel. The loss of the services of Dr. Howard G. Berger, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Norman R. Hames or Stephen M. Forthuber, our Chief Operating Officers, West Coast and East Coast, respectively, could hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and have a significant negative impact on our operations. We believe that they could not easily be replaced with executives of equal experience and capabilities, which would adversely affect our business. 
 
 Former employees and radiology practices we have previously contracted with could use the experience and relationships developed while employed or under contract with us to compete with us. 
 
 A former executive, manager or other key employee who joins one of our competitors could use the relationships he or she established with third party payors, radiologists or referring physicians while our employee and the industry knowledge he or she acquired during that tenure to enhance the new employer s ability to compete with us. The agreements with most of our radiology practices contain non-compete provisions; however the enforceability of these provisions is generally subject to a reasonableness standard determined by a court based on the facts and circumstances of the specific case at the time enforcement is sought. Many of the states in which we operate do not enforce agreements that prohibit a former employee from competing with a former employer. As a result, many of our employees whose employment is terminated are free to compete with us, subject to prohibitions on the use of trade secret information and, depending on the terms of the employee s employment agreement, on solicitation of existing employees and customers (if enforceable). Our inability to enforce radiologists non-compete provisions could result in increased competition from individuals who are knowledgeable about our business strategies and operations. 
 
 The future growth of our imaging business is partially dependent on our ability to continue to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquired businesses. 
 
 Historically, we have experienced substantial growth through acquisitions that have increased our size, scope and geographic distribution. During the past two fiscal years, we have completed 24 acquisitions. These acquisitions have added 35 centers to our fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging services. Our ability to successfully expand through acquiring centers, developing new centers, adding equipment at existing centers, and directly or indirectly entering into contractual relationships with high-quality radiology practices depends upon many factors, including our ability to: 
 
 identify attractive and willing candidates for acquisitions; 
 identify locations in existing or new markets for development of new centers; 
 comply with legal requirements affecting our arrangements with contracted radiology practices; 
 obtain regulatory approvals where necessary and comply with licensing and certification requirements applicable to our diagnostic imaging centers, the contracted radiology practices and their associated physicians; 
 recruit a sufficient number of qualified radiology technologists and other non-medical personnel; 
 expand our infrastructure and management; and 
 compete for opportunities. 
 We may not be able to compete effectively for the acquisition of diagnostic imaging centers. Our competitors may have more established operating histories and greater resources than we do. Competition may also make any acquisitions more 
 
 22 

expensive. If we are unable to successfully grow our business through acquisitions it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our failure to successfully, and in a timely manner, integrate acquired businesses and/or new lines of businesses could reduce our profitability. 
 
 We may never realize expected synergies or capitalize on expected business opportunities in connection with an acquisition. Moreover, assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost savings may be inaccurate, or general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. Integrating operations requires significant efforts and expense on our part. Our management may have its attention diverted while trying to integrate an acquisition. Personnel may leave or be terminated because of an acquisition. If these factors limit our ability to integrate the operations of an acquisition successfully or on a timely basis, our expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies as a result of the acquisition, may not be met. 
 
 In the past we have acquired, and may again in the future acquire, companies that create a new line of business. The process of integrating the acquired business, technology, service and research and development component into our business and operations and entry into a new line of business in which we are inexperienced may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In developing a new line of business, we may invest significant time and resources that take away the attention of management that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that our new lines of business will ultimately be successful. The failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may not generate the expected benefits from our recent investment in AI technologies. 
 
 We believe that technology advancements including AI will significantly impact diagnostic imaging services in the future. As part of our growth strategy we have acquired or invested in a number of AI companies and technologies, including DeepHealth, Inc., NeuroLogix, Inc., WhiteRabbit.ai, Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V. Our focus in AI technologies is aimed at developing solutions that improve the quality of diagnostic imaging, reduce operating costs, and correspondingly improve our competitive position. The success of our AI investments will depend upon a number of factors, some of which are out of our control, such as: 
 
 our ability to effectively integrate the operations of the acquired companies, including retaining key personnel; 
 the timeline and related expenses associated with applying for regulatory approvals necessary for commercialization; 
 whether any of our existing or future AI products will receive European CE or U.S. FDA 510(k) clearance or other clearances and or regulatory approvals necessary for commercialization; 
 whether our AI solutions will prove effective for improving health care quality, patient services or business procedures; 
 our ability to successfully commercialize and secure market acceptance of our AI solutions from patients and health care providers; and 
 the development of competing technologies by other companies, and the relative efficacy, cost and ease of use of those technologies. 
 
 There is no guarantee that we will receive the anticipated benefits from the investments we have made and may continue to make in the area of AI. Any failure would result in reduced operating profits and the potential impairment of goodwill related to those investments, which would further impact our profitability. 
 
 Healthcare and Regulatory Risks 
 
 The regulatory framework in which we operate is uncertain and evolving. 
 
 Although we believe that we are operating in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, neither our current or anticipated business operations nor the operations of our contracted radiology practices have been the subject of judicial or regulatory interpretation. We cannot assure you that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in a determination that could adversely affect our operations. In addition, healthcare laws and regulations may change significantly in the future in a way that restricts our operations. We continuously monitor these developments and modify our operations from time to time as the regulatory environment changes. We cannot assure you however, that we will be able to adapt our operations to address new regulations or that new regulations will not adversely affect our business. 
 
 Certain states have enacted statutes or adopted regulations affecting risk assumption in the healthcare industry, including statutes and regulations that subject any physician or physician network engaged in risk-based managed care 
 
 23 

contracting to comply with applicable insurance laws. These laws, if adopted in the states in which we operate, may require physicians and physician networks to meet minimum capital requirements and other safety and soundness requirements. Implementing additional regulations or compliance requirements could result in substantial costs to us and the contracted radiology practices and limit our ability to enter into capitation or other risk-sharing managed care arrangements. 
 
 We may be impacted by eligibility changes to government and private insurance programs. 
 
 Due to potential decreased availability of healthcare through private employers, the number of patients who are uninsured or participate in governmental programs may increase. Healthcare reform legislation will increase the participation of individuals in the Medicaid program in states that elect to participate in the expanded Medicaid coverage. A shift in payor mix from managed care and other private payors to government payors as well as an increase in the number of uninsured patients may result in a reduction in the rates of reimbursement or an increase in uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease in net revenue. Changes in the eligibility requirements for governmental programs and state decisions on whether to participate in the expansion of such programs also could increase the number of patients who participate in such programs and the number of uninsured patients. Even for those patients who remain in private insurance plans, changes to those plans could increase patient financial responsibility, resulting in a greater risk of uncollectible receivables. Furthermore, additional changes to, or rollback of, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, whether through legislation or judicial action, may also affect reimbursement and coverage in ways that are currently unpredictable. These factors and events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Complying with federal and state regulations is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties. 
 
 We are directly or indirectly, through the radiology practices with which we contract, subject to extensive regulation by both the federal government and the state governments in which we provide services, including: 
 
 the federal False Claims Act; 
 the federal Medicare and Medicaid Anti-Kickback Statute, and state anti-kickback prohibitions; 
 federal and state billing and claims submission laws and regulations; 
 HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and comparable state laws; 
 the federal physician self-referral prohibition commonly known as the Stark Law and state equivalents; 
 state laws that prohibit the corporate practice of medicine and prohibit similar fee-splitting arrangements; 
 federal and state laws governing the diagnostic imaging and therapeutic equipment we use in our business concerning patient safety, equipment operating specifications and radiation exposure levels; 
 state laws governing reimbursement for diagnostic services related to services compensable under workers' compensation rules; and 
 federal and state environmental and health and safety laws. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws and regulations to which we or the radiology practices with which we contract are subject, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the curtailment of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines or curtailment of our operations, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risks of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action brought against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 
 State and federal anti-kickback and anti-self-referral laws may adversely affect income. 
 
 Various federal and state laws govern financial arrangements among healthcare providers. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, the referral of Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare program patients, or in return for, or to induce, the purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs. Similarly, many state laws prohibit the solicitation, payment or receipt of remuneration in return for, or to induce the referral of patients in private as well as government programs. Violation of these anti-kickback laws may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties for individuals or entities and/or exclusion from federal or state healthcare programs. We believe we are operating in compliance with applicable law and believe that our arrangements with providers would not be found to violate the anti-kickback laws. However, these laws could be interpreted in a manner inconsistent with our operations. 

24 

Federal law prohibiting certain physician self-referrals, known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for certain designated health services if the physician has a prohibited financial relationship with that entity, unless an exception applies. Certain radiology services are considered designated health services under the Stark Law. Although we believe our operations do not violate the Stark Law, our activities may be challenged. If a challenge is successful, it could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, legislation may be enacted in the future that further addresses Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse or imposes additional regulatory burdens on us. 
 
 In addition, under the Deficit Recovery Act, states enacting false claims statutes similar to the federal False Claims Act, which establish liability for submission of fraudulent claims to the State Medicaid program and contain qui tam or whistleblower provisions, receive an increased percentage of any recovery from a State Medicaid judgment or settlement. Adoption of new false claims statutes in states where we operate may impose additional burdens on us. 
 
 If we fail to comply with various licensure, certification and accreditation standards, we may be subject to loss of licensure, certification or accreditation, which would adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Ownership, construction, operation, expansion and acquisition of our diagnostic imaging centers are subject to various federal and state laws, regulations and approvals concerning licensing of personnel, other required certificates for certain types of healthcare facilities and certain medical equipment. In addition, freestanding diagnostic imaging centers that provide services independent of a physician s office must be enrolled by Medicare as an independent diagnostic treatment facility, or IDTF, to bill the Medicare program. Medicare carriers have discretion in applying the IDTF requirements and therefore the application of these requirements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 
 In addition, federal legislation requires all suppliers that provide the technical component of diagnostic MRI, PET/CT, CT, and nuclear medicine to be accredited by an accreditation organization designated by CMS (which currently include the American College of Radiology (ACR), the Intersocietal Accreditation Commission (IAC) and the Joint Commission). Our MRI, CT, nuclear medicine, ultrasound and mammography centers are currently accredited by the American College of Radiology. We may not be able to receive the required regulatory approvals or accreditation for any future acquisitions, expansions or replacements, and the failure to obtain these approvals could limit the opportunity to expand our services. 
 
 Credentialing of physicians is required by our payors prior to commencing payment. We have experienced a slowdown in the credentialing of our physicians over the last several years which has lengthened our billing and collection cycle, and could negatively impact our ability to collect revenue from patients covered by Medicare. 
 
 Our centers are subject to periodic inspection by governmental and other authorities to assure continued compliance with the various standards necessary for licensure and certification. If any facility loses its certification under the Medicare program, then the facility will be ineligible to receive reimbursement from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 22 and 3 of our net service fee revenue came from Medicare and various state Medicaid programs, respectively. A change in the applicable certification status of one of our centers could adversely affect our other centers and in turn us as a whole. 
 
 Our agreements with the contracted radiology practices must be structured to avoid the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting. 
 
 The laws of certain states prohibit us from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with physicians. These laws are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. A component of our business has been to enter into management agreements with radiology practices. We provide management, administrative, technical and other non-medical services to the radiology practices in exchange for a service fee typically based on a percentage of the practice s revenue. We structure our relationships with the radiology practices, including the purchase of diagnostic imaging centers, in a manner that we believe keeps us from engaging in the practice of medicine or exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of the radiology practices or their physicians, or violating the prohibitions against fee-splitting. State laws and enforcement efforts regarding corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting are often subject to change. As a consequence, there can be no assurance that our present arrangements with the Group or the physicians providing medical services and medical supervision at our imaging centers will not be challenged, and, if challenged, that they will not be found to violate the corporate practice of medicine or fee splitting prohibitions, thus subjecting us to potential damages, injunction and/or civil and criminal penalties or require us to restructure our arrangements in a way that would affect the control or quality of our services and/or change the amounts we receive under our management agreements. 

25 

If we fail to comply with federal and state privacy and information security laws mandating protection of certain confidential data against disclosure, including cybersecurity attacks, we may be subject to government or private actions. 
 
 We must comply with numerous federal and state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of PHI, including HIPAA and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal HITECH Act (collectively, HIPAA ). Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. 
 
 Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems (including our networks) and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, could subject us to monetary fines, civil suits, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. We could also be required to disclose the breach publicly, which may damage our business reputation with our patients and vendors and cause a further material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 Some of our imaging modalities use radioactive materials, which generate regulated waste and could subject us to liabilities for injuries or violations of environmental and health and safety laws. 
 
 Some of our imaging procedures use radioactive materials, which generate medical and other regulated wastes. For example, patients are injected with a radioactive substance before undergoing a PET scan. Storage, use and disposal of these materials and waste products present the risk of accidental environmental contamination and physical injury. We are subject to federal, state and local regulations governing storage, handling and disposal of these materials. We could incur significant costs and the diversion of our management s attention in order to comply with current or future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Also, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these hazardous materials. Although we maintain professional liability insurance coverage in amounts we believe is consistent with industry practice in the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed the limits of or fall outside the coverage of our professional liability insurance. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 Because we have high fixed costs, lower scan volumes and revenues could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The principal components of our expenses are debt service, capital lease payments, depreciation, compensation paid to technologists, salaries, real estate lease expenses and equipment maintenance costs. Because a majority of these expenses are fixed, a relatively small change in our revenue could have a disproportionate effect on our operating and financial results depending on the source of our revenue. Thus, decreased revenue as a result of lower scan volumes per system could result in lower margins, which would materially adversely affect the profitability our business. 
 
 Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Our current substantial indebtedness and any future indebtedness we incur could adversely affect our financial condition. We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2022 term loan indebtedness, excluding related discount, was 864.1 million, of which the Barclays credit facility term loans were 714.1 million and the Truist credit facility term loan was 150.0 million. Our substantial indebtedness could also: 
 
 make it difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 expose us to the risk of interest rate increases on our variable rate borrowings, including borrowings under our new senior secured credit facilities; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds on terms that are satisfactory to us or at all. 
 
 A restriction in our ability to make capital expenditures would restrict our growth and could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We operate in a capital intensive, high fixed-cost industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations, particularly the initial start-up and development expenses of new diagnostic imaging centers and the acquisition of 
 
 26 

additional centers and new diagnostic imaging equipment. We incur capital expenditures to, among other things, upgrade and replace equipment for existing centers and expand within our existing markets and enter new markets. If we open or acquire additional imaging centers, we may have to incur material capital lease obligations. To the extent we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations, funds are not available under our credit facilities or we are unable to structure or obtain financing through operating leases, finance leases or long-term installment notes, we may be unable to meet the capital expenditure requirements necessary to support the maintenance and continued growth of our operations. 
 
 We may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 When we acquire businesses we are generally required to allocate the purchase price to various assets including goodwill and other intangible assets. During 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of 4.2 million and they were written off in full. We are required to perform impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that impairment exists. We are also required to perform an impairment test of definite lived intangible or other long-lived assets when indicators of impairment are present. A decline in the Company's operating results, future estimated cash flows and other assumptions could impact our estimated fair values, potentially leading to a material impairment of goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Our credit facilities and instruments governing our other indebtedness restrict certain operations of our business. 
 
 Our credit facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants which restrict, among other things, our ability to: 
 
 pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments; 
 incur additional indebtedness and certain disqualified equity interests; 
 create liens (other than permitted liens) securing indebtedness or trade payables; 
 sell certain assets or merge with or into other companies or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates; 
 create restrictions on dividends or other payments by our restricted subsidiaries; and 
 create guarantees of indebtedness by restricted subsidiaries. 
 
 All of these restrictions could affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. A failure to comply with these covenants and restrictions would permit the relevant creditors to declare all amounts borrowed under the applicable agreement governing such indebtedness, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. If the indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, we may not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due under the credit facilities or on other indebtedness then outstanding. 
 
 Capital Markets Risks 
 
 Possible volatility in our stock price could negatively affect us and our stockholders. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market has fluctuated significantly in the past. During the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, the trading price of our common stock fluctuated from a high of 38.84 per share to a low of 12.03 per share. In the past, we have experienced a drop in stock price following an announcement of disappointing earnings or earnings guidance. Any such announcement in the future could lead to a similar drop in stock price. The price of our common stock could also be subject to wide fluctuations in the future as a result of a number of other factors, including the following: 
 
 changes in expectations as to future financial performance or buy/sell recommendations of securities analysts; 
 
 our, or a competitor s, announcement of new services, or significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; and 
 
 the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies. 
 
 In addition, the U.S. securities markets periodically experience significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated to the operating performance of companies in these markets. Broad market and industry factors may lead to volatility in the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. 

27 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of an individual company s securities, securities class action litigation often has been instituted against that company. The institution of similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our organizational documents may discourage an acquisition of us. 
 
 In the future, we could become the subject of an unsolicited attempted takeover of our company. Although an unsolicited takeover could be in the best interests of our stockholders, our organizational documents and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware both contain provisions that will impede the removal of directors and may discourage a third-party from making a proposal to acquire us. For example, the provisions: 
 
 permit the board of directors to increase its own size, within the maximum limitations set forth in the bylaws, and fill the resulting vacancies; 
 authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series without a stockholder vote; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors; and 
 prohibit transfers and/or acquisitions of stock (without consent of the Board of Directors that would result in any stockholder owning greater than 5 of the currently outstanding stock resulting in a limitation on net operating loss carryovers, capital loss carryovers, general business credit carryovers, alternative minimum tax credit carryovers and foreign tax credit carryovers, as well as any loss or deduction attributable to a net unrealized built-in loss within the meaning of Section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in adjoining premises at 1508, 1510 and 1516 Cotner Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90025, and approximately 21,500 square feet is occupied under these leases, which including options, expire June 30, 2027. We also have a regional office of approximately 39,000 square feet in Baltimore, Maryland under a lease, which including options, expires September 30, 2028. In addition, we lease approximately 36,700 square feet of warehouse space nationwide, which expire at various dates, including options, through December 31, 2028. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. We lease the premises at which these facilities are located and do not have options to purchase the facilities we rent. Our most common initial term varies in length from 5 to 15 years. Including renewal options negotiated with the landlord, we can have a total span of 10 to 35 years at the facilities we lease. We also lease smaller satellite X-Ray locations on mutually renewable terms, usually lasting one year. Rental increases can range from 1 to 10 on an annual basis, depending on the location and market conditions where we do business. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total square footage operated directly or indirectly under lease, including medical office, administrative and warehouse locations, was approximately 2.8 million square feet. All leasing activity described relates solely to our Imaging Center segment, as our AI segment leasing activity is immaterial. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are engaged from time to time in the defense of lawsuits arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of our business. We believe that the outcome of our current litigation will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, we could be subsequently named as a defendant in other lawsuits that could adversely affect us. 
 
 28 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

29 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Principal Trading Market 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol RDNT . 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of February 23, 2023, the number of holders of record of our common stock was 1,136. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. Our current credit facilities place restrictions on our ability to issue dividends. See discussion under Liquidity and Capital Resources regarding our current credit facilities. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock during the period from 2017 to 2022 with (i) the cumulative total return of the S P 500 index and (ii) the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Healthcare Sector index. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 29, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and the reinvestment of dividends through December 30, 2022. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 This graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that RadNet specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

30 

ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE Years Ending Company / Index 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/30/22 RadNet, Inc. 0.69 99.61 (3.6) 53.86 (37.46) S P 500 Index (4.38) 31.49 18.4 28.71 (18.11) S P Health Care Sector 6.47 20.82 13.45 26.13 (1.95) 
 
 Base INDEXED RETURNS Years Ending Period Company / Index 12/29/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/30/22 RadNet, Inc. 100 100.69 200.99 193.76 298.12 186.44 S P 500 Index 100 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P Health Care Sector 100 106.47 128.64 145.93 184.07 180.47 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On November 1, 2022, we acquired a 75 controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited in part by issuing 359,002 shares at 19.06 per share with a fair value of 6.8 million. The shares of common stock were issued to the four holders of the outstanding equity of Heart and Lung Imaging Limited. The shares were issued without registration on the basis of the exemption for private placement transactions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Not Required. 
 
 31 

Item 7 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of RadNet Inc. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a national provider of diagnostic imaging services in the United States. At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. Our operations comprise two segments for financial reporting purposes for this reporting period, Imaging Centers and Artificial Intelligence. For further financial information about these segments, see Note 5, Segment Reporting, in the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statement included in this annual report on Form 10-K.. 
 
 Our centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often reducing the cost and amount of care for patients. Integral to the imaging center business is our software arm headed by eRAD, Inc., which sells computerized systems that distribute, display, store and retrieve digital images. Internationally, our subsidiary Heart and Lung Imaging LLC, provides teleradiology services for remote interpretation of images on behalf of providers within the framework of the United Kingdom's National Health Service. 
 
 We have also established an Artificial Intelligence (AI) division, that develops and deploys AI suites to enhance radiologist interpretations of breast, lung and prostate images. The division is led by DeepHealth, and includes our acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V., both based in The Netherlands. 
 
 The following table shows our centers in operation at year end and revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Centers in operation 357 347 331 Total revenue (millions) 1,430 1,315 1,072 
 
 Our revenue is derived from a diverse mix of payors, including private payors, managed care capitated payors and government payors. We believe our payor diversity mitigates our exposure to possible unfavorable reimbursement trends within any one payor class. In addition, our experience with capitation arrangements over the last several years has provided us with the expertise to manage utilization and pricing effectively, resulting in a predictable stream of revenue. Our service fee revenue, net of contractual allowances and discounts, implicit price concessions, and revenue under capitation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 
 
 32 

In Thousands 2022 2021 2020 Commercial insurance 785,128 743,462 584,035 Medicare 311,124 280,911 217,928 Medicaid 38,279 34,731 25,619 Workers' compensation/personal injury 51,339 44,235 33,478 Other patient revenue 31,849 19,398 25,314 Management fee revenue 22,235 19,630 11,253 Software and teleradiology 14,238 10,525 10,798 Other 19,428 12,436 23,297 Revenue under capitation arrangements 152,045 148,334 140,118 Imaging center segment revenue 1,425,665 1,313,662 1,071,840 AI segment revenue 4,396 1,415 Total revenue 1,430,061 1,315,077 1,071,840 

We typically experience some seasonality to our business. During the first quarter of each year we generally experience the lowest volumes of procedures and the lowest level of revenue for any quarter during the year. This is primarily the result of two factors. First, our volumes and revenue are typically impacted by winter weather conditions in our northeastern operations. It is common for snowstorms and other inclement weather to result in patient appointment cancellations and, in some cases, imaging center closures. Second, in recent years, we have observed greater participation in high deductible health plans by patients. As these high deductibles reset in January for most of these patients, we have observed that patients utilize medical services less during the first quarter, when securing medical care will result in significant out-of-pocket expenditures. 
 
 Our services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The following table shows the number of systems that we had in operation as of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 MRI 340 323 293 CT 208 192 175 PET/CT 67 68 67 Mammography 387 358 315 Ultrasound 818 760 689 X-ray 440 415 376 Nuclear Medicine 57 55 57 Fluoroscopy 116 105 117 Total equipment 2,433 2,276 2,089 
 
 Acquisitions, Equity Investments and Joint Venture Activity 
 
 The following discussion summarizes certain details concerning our acquisition or disposition of centers, our equity investment and our joint venture transaction. See Note 4, Acquisitions, Dispositions and Business Venture Activity and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Imaging Center Segment 
 
 Radiology Practice Acquisitions: 
 
 33 

During 2022 and 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain assets of the following entities, which either engage directly in the practice of radiology or associated businesses. The primary reason for these acquisitions was to strengthen our presence in the Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York markets. These acquisitions are reported as part of our Imaging Center segment. We made a fair value determination of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and the following were recorded (in thousands): 
 
 2022: 
 Entity Date Acquired Total Consideration Property Equipment Right of Use Assets Goodwill Intangible Assets Other Right of Use Liabilities IFRC LLC 1/1/2022 8,200 2,910 1,703 5,271 19 (1,703) IFRC LLC 1/1/2022 4,800 2,103 857 2,697 (857) Heart and Lung Imaging Limited+ 11/1/2022 32,000 16,200 15,800 Montclair Radiological Associates, P.A. # 10/1/2022 94,877 16,414 4,665 79,690 400 (2,168) (4,124) Chelsea Dignostic Radiology, P.C. 12/1/2022 2,800 568 2,132 100 North Jersey Imaging Center, LLC 12/9/2022 104 20 55 25 4 142,781 22,015 7,225 106,045 16,325 (2,145) (6,684) 
 
 Fair Value Determination is Final 
 IFRC LLC acquisitions consisted of three subsidiaries of IFRC, one of which was purchased separately by a joint venture with Calvert Medical Imaging Centers, LLC. 
 # Montclair Radiological Associates includes a liability for 1.2 million in contingent consideration. 
 +See detailed description of the Heart and Lung Imaging Limited acquisition below. 

2021: 
 
 34 

Entity Date Acquired Total Consideration Property Equipment Right of Use Assets Goodwill Intangible Assets Other Assets Right of Use Liabilities Personal Health Imaging PLLC 2/1/2021 2,995 576 608 2,355 50 14 (608) ZP Elmont LLC 2/1/2021 2,194 1,112 1,005 50 27 ZP Freeport LLC 2/1/2021 6,065 4,668 1,328 40 29 Broadway Medical Imaging LLC 2/1/2021 1,155 1,076 446 6 50 23 (446) 3235 Hempstead LLC 2/1/2021 9,386 5,667 3,649 70 SLZM Realty LLC 2/1/2021 13,671 4,617 8,974 80 2012 Sunrise Merrick LLC 2/1/2021 11,428 2,741 335 8,617 70 (335) ZP Bayside LLC 3/1/2021 3,545 3,385 2,191 40 50 70 (2,191) ZP Laurelton LLC 3/1/2021 2,658 2,530 1,418 32 50 46 (1,418) ZP Smith LLC 3/1/2021 3,978 3,581 2,214 347 50 (2,214) ZP 907 Northern LLC 4/1/2021 562 507 1,817 5 50 (1,817) William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 5/1/2021 3,750 990 1,379 2,710 50 (1,379) 60th Street MRI, LLC 5/1/2021 400 85 290 25 ZP Parkchester LLC 5/1/2021 263 213 311 50 (311) ZP Eastern LLC 6/1/2021 2,868 2,801 1,951 17 50 (1,951) Tangent Associates LLC 8/24/2021 2,025 10 379 1,636 Mid Delaware Imaging P.A. 12/1/2021 6,023 590 5,260 150 23 William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 12/6/2021 4,404 701 3,653 50 William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 12/31/2021 2,346 99 323 2,197 50 (323) 79,716 35,949 12,993 40,864 2,671 232 (12,993) 
 Fair Value Determination is Final 
 All stock purchase through issuing 67,658 shares of our common stock. 
 William M. Kelly MD acquisitions consisted of various subsidiaries purchased separately. 
 
 Heart and Lung Imaging Limited 
 
 On November 1, 2022, we acquired a 75 controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited HLI ). HLI is a teleradiology concern which operates in the United Kingdom with the National Healthcare Service to screen high risk populations for cardiac and lung conditions. HLI s operations are included in our imaging center segment for reporting purposes. The transaction was accounted for as the acquisition of a business with a total purchase consideration of approximately 31.9 million, including: i) shares with a fair value of 6.8 million (359,002 shares issued at 19.06 per share), ii) cash of 6.3 million and iii) contingent consideration of 10.8 million 10.2 million in contingent milestone consideration and cash holdback of 0.6 million to be issued 24 months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims) and iv) noncontrolling interest of 8.0 million. We recorded 0.6 million in current assets, 15.8 million in intangible assets, 0.6 million current liabilities and 16.2 million in goodwill in connection with this transaction. 
 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are customer relationships and trade names. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate of 19.0 . The cash flows were based on estimated earnings from existing customers, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 35 

Artificial Intelligence Segment 
 
 Aidence Holding B.V. 
 
 On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Aidence Holding B.V. ("Aidence") an artificial intelligence enterprise focused on lung cancer screening. Aidence is reported as part of our artificial intelligence segment and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and total purchase consideration was determined to be approximately 45.2 million including i) 1,117,872 shares issued at 26.80 per share with a fair value of 30.0 million ii) cash of 1.8 million and iii) contingent consideration of 11.9 million 7.4 million in milestones to be settled in shares or cash at our election and a share holdback of 4.5 million) and iv) a settlement of a loan from RadNet of 1.5 million. In addition we paid certain seller closing costs through the issuance of 23,362 shares at a fair value of 0.6 million. As a result of this transaction, we recorded 1.0 million in current assets, 0.2 million in property and equipment, 27.7 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of 21.1 million and IPR D of 5.5 million), 3.2 million in current liabilities, a deferred tax liability of 3.5 million, and 22.9 million in goodwill. 
 
 In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Aidence business. 
 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR D, trade names, and customer relationships. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 15 to 17 . The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 The developed technology consists of artificial intelligence powered applications for lung nodule management and early lung cancer diagnosis and reporting. 
 
 The IPR D asset relates primarily to an in-process project for a customer relationship management offering to manage patients that are found with Incidental Pulmonary Nodules and has not reached technological feasibility as of the acquisition date. The asset recorded relates to one project, and the Company expects to complete the project in the next twelve months. 
 
 The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at 7 years, for customer relationships 5.4 years, and trade names was 7 years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth. 
 
 Quantib B.V. 
 
 On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise focused on prostate cancer screening. Quantib is reported as part of our artificial intelligence segment, and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and total purchase consideration was determined to be approximately 42.3 million including i) 965,058 shares issued at 26.80 per share with a fair value of 25.9 million ii) cash of 11.8 million and iii) contingent consideration consisting of 113,303 shares with a fair value at the date of close of 3.0 million and cash of 1.6 million both to be released 18 months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. As a result of this transaction, we recorded 2.4 million in current assets, 0.1 million in property and equipment, 21.3 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of 19.6 million and IPR D of 0.7 million), 0.7 million in current liabilities, 6.7 million in long-term debt and deferred tax liabilities, and 26.4 million in goodwill. 
 
 In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Quantib business. 
 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR D, trade names, and customer relationships. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 50 to 55 . The cash flows were based on 
 
 36 

estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 The developed technology consists of artificial intelligence powered applications for neurological and prostate imaging scans and reporting. 
 
 The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at seven years, customer relationships three years, and trade names seven years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth. 
 
 As disclosed above, for the acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib, the Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of developed technology and IPR D acquired in business combinations. This approach determines fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to the respective assets over their useful lives and then discounting these after-tax cash flows back to a present value. The Company bases its revenue assumptions on estimates of relevant market sizes, expected market growth rates, expected trends in technology and expected product introductions by competitors. The value of the in-process projects is based on the project's stage of completion, the complexity of the work completed as of the acquisition date, the projected costs to complete, the expected introduction date, the estimated cash flows to be generated upon commercial release and the estimated useful life of the technology. The Company believes that the estimated developed technology and IPR D amounts represent the fair value at the date of acquisition and do not exceed the amount a third-party would pay for the assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of intangible assets include discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, specifically, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins and obsolescence factors. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 Subsidiary activity 
 Formation of majority owned subsidiaries 
 Frederick County Radiology, LLC 
 On April 1, 2022 we formed Frederick County Radiology, LLC ("FCR"), a partnership with Frederick Health Hospital, Inc. ("Hospital"). The operation offers multi-modality services out of six locations in Frederick, Maryland. We contributed the operations of four centers to the enterprise and Hospital contributed 5.4 million in fixed assets, 3.0 million in equipment, and 11.0 million in goodwill. As a result of the transaction, we recognized a gain of 6.6 million to additional paid in capital and retained a 65 controlling economic interest in FCR and Hospital retains an 11.1 million or 35 noncontrolling economic interest in FCR. 
 Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC 
 On June 15, 2022 we entered into Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC, a partnership with Dimension Health Corporation. ("Dimension"), an affiliate of the University of Maryland. The operation will provide multi-modality services out of two yet to be determined locations in the Largo, Maryland area. The venture was initially capitalized with nominal amounts of 5.1 thousand for a 51 economic interest from us and 4.9 thousand from Dimension for a 49 economic interest. 
 Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC 
 On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, a partnership with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist"). The operation will offer multi-modality imaging services out of two locations in Ventura County, California. Total investment in the venture is 0.4 million. RadNet contributed 0.3 million in assets for a 60.0 economic interest and Simi Adventist contributed assets totaling 0.1 million for a 40.0 economic interest. 
 Sale of ownership interest in a majority owned subsidiary 
 Effective September 1, 2021 we completed the sale of a 24.9 ownership interest in our majority owned subsidiary West Valley Imaging Group, LLC for 13.1 million to Tarzana Medical Center, LLC. After the sale, our ownership interest in the subsidiary has reduced from 75.0 to 50.1 and we retain a controlling financial interest in the subsidiary. We recognized in additional paid in capital on our consolidated balance sheets, 4.2 million excess in consideration over the carrying value of the sold economic interest. Post the sale of our ownership interest we acquired from Tarzana Medical Center, LLC, certain tangible and intangible business assets for purchase consideration of approximately 5.2 million. 
 
 37 

Equity Investments 
 
 Medic Vision, based in Israel, specializes in software packages that provide compliant radiation dose structured reporting and enhanced images from reduced dose CT scans. On March 24, 2017, we acquired an initial 12.50 equity interest in Medic Vision - Imaging Solutions Ltd for 1.0 million. We also received an option to exercise warrants to acquire up to an additional 12.50 equity interest for 1.4 million within one year from the initial share purchase date, if exercised in full. On March 1, 2018 we exercised our warrant in part and acquired an additional 1.96 for 0.2 million. Our initial equity interest has been diluted to 12.25 and our total equity investment stands at 14.21 . In accordance with accounting guidance , as we exercise no significant influence over Medic Vision s operations, the investment is recorded at its cost of 1.2 million, given that the fair value is not readily determinable. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Turner Imaging Systems, based in Utah, develops and markets portable X-ray imaging systems that provide a user the ability to acquire X-ray images wherever and whenever they are needed. On February 1, 2018, we purchased 2.1 million preferred shares in Turner Imaging Systems for 2.0 million. On January 1, 2019 we funded a convertible promissory note in the amount of 143,000 that converted to an additional 80,000 preferred shares on October 11, 2019. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 WhiteRabbit.ai Inc., based in California, is currently developing an artificial intelligence suite which aims to improve the speed and accuracy of cancer detection in radiology and improve patient care. On November 5, 2019 we acquired an equity interest in the company for 1.0 million and also loaned the company 2.5 million in support of its operations. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Joint venture investment contributions to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made an additional equity contributions of 1.4 million each year to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group ("ADRG", our joint venture with Dignity Health). 
 On November 1, 2022 we contributed eight of our imaging centers to ADRG with a carrying value of 12.7 million and recorded a loss of 0.5 million which was calculated as the difference between the fair value and carrying value of such imaging centers which included equipment and other assets and an allocation of goodwill to such imaging centers. We accounted for the transaction as an adjustment to our equity investment for the value of the assets contributed. To maintain our 49 economic interest in ADRG, we received a distribution from the partnership of 4.5 million to reduce our overall investment to 8.3 million. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the percentage that certain items in the statements of operations bears to net revenue for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 38 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE Service fee revenue 89.4 88.7 86.9 Revenue under capitation arrangements 10.6 11.3 13.1 Total Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Provider relief funding 0.7 2.5 OPERATING EXPENSES Cost of operations, excluding depreciation and amortization 88.4 85.4 90.1 Lease abandonment charges 1.5 Depreciation and amortization 8.1 7.4 8.1 Loss on sale and disposal of equipment 0.2 0.1 0.1 Loss on impairment 0.4 Severance costs 0.1 0.1 0.4 Total operating expenses 96.8 94.4 99.1 INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 3.2 6.3 3.3 OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES Interest expense 3.6 3.7 4.3 Equity in earnings of joint ventures (0.7) (0.8) (0.7) Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate hedge (2.8) (1.6) 0.2 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 0.1 0.5 (0.4) Other expenses 0.1 0.1 Total other expenses 0.2 1.9 3.4 INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 3.0 4.5 (0.1) Provision for income taxes (0.7) (1.1) (0.1) NET INCOME (LOSS) 2.3 3.3 (0.2) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 1.6 1.5 1.2 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 0.7 1.8 (1.4) 
 
 Imaging Center Segment 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 We grow through a combination of organic growth as well as acquisitions and joint ventures. In the discussion below same center metrics are based on imaging centers that were in operation throughout the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. Excluded amounts relate to imaging centers that were acquired or divested between January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total Revenue inclusive of Provider Relief Funding for 2021 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Revenue 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total Revenue 1,425,665 1,322,772 102,893 7.8 Same Center Revenue 1,275,333 1,239,587 35,746 2.9 Excluded 150,333 83,185 
 
 39 

Overall revenue change was driven by procedure volume growth of 2.7 compared to the same period in the prior year. On a same center basis, the increase in revenue was largely attributable to product mix as advanced radiology procedures of MRI, PET, and CT expanded at combined 5.5 to provide the major portion of the revenue growth. 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 117.8 million, or 9.5 , from 1.24 billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 1.35 billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The following table sets forth our cost of operations and total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based compensation 778,586 683,772 Stock-based compensation 20,988 23,407 Building and equipment rental 123,058 121,924 Medical supplies 68,712 56,423 Other operating expenses 
 249,249 232,416 Cost of operations 1,240,593 1,117,942 Depreciation and amortization 109,524 96,173 Lease abandonment charges 19,675 Loss on sale and disposal of equipment 2,506 1,246 Severance costs 926 744 Total operating expenses 1,353,549 1,235,780 
 
 Includes billing fees, office supplies, repairs and maintenance, insurance, business tax and license, outside services, telecommunications, utilities, marketing, travel and other expenses. 
 
 Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based compensation and severance 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Salaries and Professional Fees 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total 778,586 683,772 94,814 13.9 Same Center 709,525 639,124 70,401 11.0 Excluded 69,061 44,648 
 
 Similar to the prior year, growth in procedure volumes precipitated increases in salary expenses both to meet additional professional staffing needs and retain our skilled work force in the current tight labor market. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 Stock-based compensation decreased 2.4 million, or 10.3 , to approximately 21.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was a result of a series of pandemic related one time employee bonus stock awards amounting to 8.9 million that were awarded in the second quarter of 2021. There were no similar one time awards granted in 2022. 
 
 40 

Building and equipment rental 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Building Equipment Rental 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total 123,058 121,924 1,134 0.9 Same Center 100,663 104,163 3,500) (3.4) Excluded 22,395 17,761 
 
 Overall building and rental remained flat year over year. On a same center basis, the decrease in building and equipment rent was reflective of savings from facilities that were abandoned in Dec 2021 and buyout of radiology equipment lease contracts during the year. 
 Medical supplies 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Medical Supplies Expense 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total 68,712 56,423 12,289 21.8 Same Center 62,274 52,872 9,402 17.8 Excluded 6,438 3,551 
 
 Increased medical supplies expense corresponds to the 5.5 growth in advanced radiology volumes as noted above combined with price increases for contrast agents and higher utilization of isotopes employed in PET and CT procedures. 
 Other operating expenses 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Other Operating Expenses 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total 249,249 232,416 16,833 7.2 Same Center 224,174 214,488 9,684 4.5 Excluded 25,075 17,928 
 
 The rise in other operating expenses is attributable to additional professional fees associated with our acquisition activity, contractor services, equipment and maintenance and software upgrades all in support of our expansion accompanied with increased procedure volumes. 
 Additional segment operating and non operating expenses: 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Depreciation and Amortization 109,524 96,173 13,351 13.9 Loss on disposal of equipment and other 2,506 1,246 1,260 nm Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate swaps 39,621) 21,670) (17,951) nm Other expenses 3,467 6,859 (3,393) nm Severance 926 744 183 24.5 
 nm=not meaningful 
 
 Other expenses in 2022 and 2021 included approximately 0.7 million and 6.0 million of debt extinguishment and restructuring charges, respectively, which related to refinancing of our credit facilities with Truist in 2022 and Barclays in 2021. See Note 8 Credit Facilities and Notes Payable included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 

41 

Lease abandonment charges 
 
 We closely monitor patient levels at our imaging centers and occasionally divest or shut down centers in an effort to maximize utilization rates. In the post-pandemic period of 2021, while overall procedure volumes had returned to pre-pandemic levels, we experienced lower utilization rates at imaging centers that were based in urban centers as a result of increased telecommuting and migration of the work force to spending more time in residential areas. In response we terminated leases at some centers, consolidating procedural volumes into fewer more active imaging centers, and reduced administrative office space. We recorded a one-time charge of approximately 19.7 million at December 31, 2021 related to leased facilities abandonment. The lease abandonment charges include the impairment of associated right of use assets of 12.6 million and write off of related leasehold improvements of approximately 7.1 million. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 
 During 2020, we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of 4.2 million and they were written off in full. 
 
 Interest expense 
 In Thousands Year Ended December 31, Interest Expense 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Change Total Interest Expense 50,841 48,830 2,011 4.1 Cash Paid for Interest 39,151 29,042 10,109 34.8 
 
 The rise in adjusted interest expense is attributable to a higher overall loan balances in combination with increased variable interest rates paid on those balances compared to the same period in the prior year. During 2002 we refinanced our Truist term loan which added an additional 108.0 million in obligations to our balance sheet in the fourth quarter. Based on recent increases in global interests rates, we expect the effective interest rates on our senior credit facilities, and our related interest expense, to continue to rise in the near term. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for more details on our credit facilities. 
 
 See the Derivative Instruments section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk below for more details on our derivative transactions. 
 
 Equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 we recognized equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures of 10.4 million versus 11.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 0.6 million or 5.3 . 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt and related expenses 
 During 2020, we received a loan in the amount of 4.0 million through the Paycheck Protection Program. The Program has provisions that if met, allow the loan to be forgiven. In December 2020, we met the eligibility requirements for forgiveness of loans and recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of approximately 4.0 million. See Note 8 Credit Facilities and Notes Payable included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

42 

AI Segment 
 Our AI segment develops and deploys clinical applications to enhance interpretation of medical images and improve patient outcomes with a current emphasis on brain, breast, prostate, and pulmonary diagnostics. We are developing our AI segment initially through acquisition activity. The operations of Nulogix and Deephealth comprise the results for 2021. Our 2022 results include our recent additions of Aidence and Quantib. The breakdown of revenue and expenses of the segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 In Thousands Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Statement of Operations Revenue 4,396 1,415 2,981 Salaries and Wages 15,799 2,938 12,861 Stock compensation 2,782 1,796 986 Other operating 5,171 599 4,572 Depreciation Amort. 6,353 520 5,833 Other operating loss 23 23 Severance 20 20 Total operating expenses 30,149 5,853 24,296 Loss from Operations (25,753) (4,438) (21,315) Other (income) expense (903) 622 (1,525) Income before taxes (24,850) (5,060) (19,790) Income taxes (2,743) (2,743) Segment net loss 22,107) 5,060) 17,047) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 For the comparison of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020, please see Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We use both GAAP and non-GAAP metrics to measure our financial results. We believe that, in addition to GAAP metrics, non-GAAP metrics such as Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow assist us in measuring our core operations from period to period as well as our cash generated from operations and ability to service our debt obligations. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Our Adjusted EBITDA metric removes non-cash and non-recurring charges that occur in the affected period and provides a basis for measuring the Company s core financial performance against other periods. 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted to exclude losses or gains on the disposal of equipment, other income or loss, loss on debt extinguishment, bargain purchase gains, loss on de-consolidation of joint ventures and non-cash equity compensation. Adjusted EBITDA includes equity earnings in unconsolidated operations and subtracts allocations of earnings to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries, and is adjusted for non-cash or one-time events that take place during the period. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure used as an analytical indicator by us and the healthcare industry to assess business performance, and is a measure of leverage capacity and ability to service debt. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or 
 
 43 

as alternatives to net income, cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in the consolidated financial statements as an indicator of financial performance or liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP and is therefore susceptible to varying methods of calculation and this metric, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of the nearest comparable GAAP financial measure, net income, to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders 10,650 24,727 (14,840) Income Taxes 9,361 14,560 895 Interest Expense 50,841 48,830 45,882 Severance costs 946 744 4,353 Depreciation and amortization 115,877 96,694 86,795 Non-cash employee stock-based compensation 23,770 25,203 12,405 Loss on sale and disposal of equipment 2,529 1,246 1,200 Loss on impairment 4,170 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt and related expenses 731 6,044 (4,047) Other expenses 1,833 1,438 120 Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate hedge (39,621) (21,670) 2,528 Other adjustment to joint venture investment (565) Legal settlement and related expenses 2,197 831 Lease abandonment charges 19,675 Non operational rent expenses 4,297 Transaction costs HLH, Aidence Holding B.V. Quantib B.V 927 1,171 Valuation adjustment for contingent consideration 47 Change in estimate related to refund liability 8,089 Adjusted EBITDA Including Losses from AI Segment and Provider Relief Funding 192,474 218,928 139,461 Provider relief funding (9,110) (26,264) Adjusted EBITDA including losses from AI Segment and excluding benefit from Provider Relief Funding 192,474 209,818 113,197 Adjusted EBITDA Losses from AI segment 16,575 2,121 1,757 Adjusted EBITDA excluding Losses from AI Segment and Provider Relief Funding 209,049 211,939 114,954 

The following table is a reconciliation of GAAP net income for our AI Segment to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 44 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Segment net loss (22,107) (5,060) (3,463) Stock Compensation 2,782 1,796 1,065 Depreciation Amortization 6,353 520 400 Other operating loss 23 Other expense (income) (903) 622 241 Severance 20 Income taxes (2,743) Adjusted EBITDA AI Segment (16,575) (2,121) (1,757) : 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table is a summary of key balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and income statement data for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 
 Balance Sheet Data for the period ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 127,834 134,606 Accounts receivable 166,357 135,062 Working capital (exclusive of current operating lease liability) (41,932) 14,932 Stockholders' equity 491,452 346,157 Income Statement data for the twelve months ended December 31, Total revenue 1,430,061 1,315,077 1,071,840 Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet common stockholders 10,650 24,727 (14,840) 
 
 We operate in a capital intensive, high fixed-cost industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations. In addition to operations, we require a significant amount of capital for the initial start-up and development of new diagnostic imaging centers, the acquisition of additional centers and new diagnostic imaging equipment. Because our cash flows from operations have been insufficient to fund all of these capital requirements, we have depended on the availability of financing under credit arrangements with third parties. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic initially resulted in a reduction of procedure volumes as people "sheltered in place" and deferred elective procedures, resulting in a corresponding decrease in operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. For 2021 our procedural volumes returned to pre-pandemic levels. However, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and significant additional outbreaks could again result in periods where we experience decreased procedural volumes. Any suspended reduction in procedures would negatively affect our revenues, profitability and working capital position. 
 We have credit available from our current credit facilities and borrowing under those facilities is subject to continued compliance with lending covenants. We currently meet those requirements, but substantial and sustained operating losses could impact our ability to borrow under those facilities. If we are not able to meet such requirements, we may be required to seek additional financing and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing from other sources on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 On a continuing basis, we also consider various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures. These types of transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments but the general timing, size or success of any acquisition, divestiture or joint venture effort and the related potential capital commitments cannot be predicted. We expect to fund any future acquisitions primarily with cash flow from operations and borrowings, including borrowing from amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities or through new equity or debt issuances. 
 
 45 

We and our subsidiaries or affiliates may from time to time, in our sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt or equity securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table summarizes key components of our sources and uses of cash for the twelve months ended December 31, in thousands: 
 Cash Flow Data December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Cash provided by operating activities 146,417 149,491 233,759 Cash used in investing activities (246,949) (221,511) (126,244) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 93,647 104,673 (45,561) 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the period ended December 31, 2020 was benefited by the receipt of 39.5 million in CMS advances recorded as deferred revenue. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, included purchases of property and equipment for approximately 119.5 million, acquired imaging businesses and other operations for 130.0 million and an equity contribution to a joint venture operation of 1.4 million. As part of our business operations we continually evaluate investment opportunities. 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was related mainly to the refinancing of our Truist term loan obligations with the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement on October 10, 2023. Please see Note 8, Credit Facilities and Notes Payable in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 We have entered into factoring agreements with various institutions and sold certain accounts receivable under non-recourse agreements in exchange for notes receivables from the buyers. These transactions are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable as the agreements transfer effective control over and risk related to the receivables to the buyers. Proceeds on notes receivables are reflected as operating activities on our statement of cash flows and on our balance sheet as prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and deposits and other for the long term portion. Amounts remaining to be collected on these agreements were 15.4 million and 17.7 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We do not utilize factoring arrangements as an integral part of our financing for working capital. 
 
 Senior Credit Facilities: 
 We maintain secured credit facilities with Barclays Bank PLC and with Truist. The Barclays credit facilities are comprised of first lien term loans and a revolving credit facility of 195.0 million. The Truist credit facilities are comprised of a term loan and a revolving credit facility of 50.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities. Deferred financing costs on our revolving credit lines at December 31, 2022, net of accumulated amortization, totaled 2.3 million, with 1.7 million related to Barclays and 0.6 million related to Truist. 
 
 Included in our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 are 851.7 million of total term loan debt (net of unamortized discounts of 12.4 million) displayed below in thousands: 
 Face Value Discount Total Carrying Value Barclays First Lien Term Loans 714,125 (11,127) 702,998 Truist Term Loan Agreement 150,000 (1,254) 148,746 Total Term Loans 864,125 (12,381) 851,744 
 
 We had no outstanding balance under our 195.0 million Barclays Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 and had reserved 7.6 million for certain letters of credit. The remaining 187.4 million of our Barclays Revolving Credit Facility was available to draw upon as of December 31, 2022. We also had no balance under our 50.0 million Truist 
 
 46 

Revolving Credit Facility related to our consolidated subsidiary NJIN at December 31, 2022, and with no letters of credit reserved against the facility, the full amount was available to draw upon. For more information on our secured credit facilities see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report. 
 
 Contractual Commitments 
 
 Our future obligations for notes payable, lines of credit, and equipment and building operating leases for the next five years and thereafter include (dollars in thousands): 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Notes payable 14,750 14,750 18,500 18,500 119,750 677,875 864,125 Interest and fees on notes payable 66,767 65,868 64,575 63,284 60,359 16,904 337,757 Operating leases (1) 92,371 92,436 88,941 85,872 82,136 499,326 941,082 Total 173,888 173,054 172,016 167,656 262,245 1,194,105 2,142,964 
 
 (1) Includes interest component of operating lease obligations. 
 
 We have service agreements with various vendors under which they have agreed to be responsible for the maintenance and repair of a majority of our equipment for a fee that is based on the type and age of the equipment. Under these agreements, we are committed to minimum payments of approximately 43.3 million in 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission defines critical accounting estimates as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. In Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K we discuss our significant accounting policies, including those that do not require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. The critical areas involving management s judgments and estimates are described below. 
 
 USE OF ESTIMATES - The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions affect various matters, including our reported amounts of assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at the dates of the financial statements; our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements; and our reported amounts of revenues and expenses in our consolidated statements of operations during the reporting periods. These estimates involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management s control. As a result, actual amounts could materially differ from these estimates. 
 
 REVENUES Our revenues generally relate to net patient fees received from various payors and patients themselves under contracts in which our performance obligations are to provide diagnostic services to the patients. Revenues are recorded during the period when our obligations to provide diagnostic services are satisfied. Our performance obligations for diagnostic services are generally satisfied over a period of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases, also involve a third-party payor (Medicare, Medicaid, managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies, including plans offered through the health insurance exchanges) and the transaction prices for the services provided are dependent upon the terms provided by Medicare and Medicaid, or negotiated with managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies. The payment arrangements with third-party payors for the services we provide to the related patients typically specify payments at amounts less than our standard charges and generally provide for payments based upon predetermined rates per diagnostic services or discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. 
 As it relates to the Group, this service fee revenue includes payments for both the professional medical interpretation revenue recognized by them as well as the payment for all other aspects related to our providing the imaging services, for which we earn management fees. As it relates to other centers, this service fee revenue is earned through providing the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and the provision of technical services as well as providing administration services such as clerical and administrative personnel, bookkeeping and accounting services, billing and collection, provision of medical and 
 
 47 

office supplies, secretarial, reception and transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and advertising, marketing and promotional activities. 
 Our revenues are based upon the estimated amounts we expect to be entitled to receive from patients and third-party payors. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care and commercial insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Revenues related to uninsured patients and copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage may have discounts applied (uninsured discounts and contractual discounts). We also record estimated implicit price concessions (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to uninsured accounts to record self-pay revenues at the estimated amounts we expect to collect. 
 Under capitation arrangements with various health plans, we earn a per-enrollee amount each month for making available diagnostic imaging services to all plan enrollees under the capitation arrangement. Revenue under capitation arrangements is recognized in the period in which we are obligated to provide services to plan enrollees under contracts with various health plans. 
 PROVIDER RELIEF FUND COVID-19 STIMULUS FUNDING - The Provider Relief Fund offers government assistance to eligible providers throughout the healthcare system in support of certain expenses or lost revenue attributable to the coronavirus pandemic. We received 9.1 million and 26.3 million in Provider Relief funding for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Generally, the department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") does not intend to recoup funds as long as a provider's lost revenue and increased expenses exceed the amount of provider relief funding one has received. HHS reserves the right to audit Relief Fund recipients in the future to ensure that this requirement is met and collect any Relief Fund amounts that were made in error or exceed lost revenue or increased expenses due to the pandemic. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions may be grounds for recoupment. Based on our assessment recognition of the revenue previously recognized remained appropriate. 
 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE Substantially all of our accounts receivable are due under fee-for-service contracts from third party payors, such as insurance companies and government-sponsored healthcare programs, or directly from patients. Services are generally provided pursuant to one-year contracts with healthcare providers. We continuously monitor collections from our payors and maintain an allowance for bad debts based upon specific payor collection issues that we have identified and our historical experience. 
 BUSINESS COMBINATION When the qualifications for business combination accounting treatment are met, it requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIVED INTANGIBLES Goodwill totaled 677.7 million and 513.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Indefinite lived intangible assets were 24.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 20.6 million at December 31, 2021 and are associated with the value of certain trade name intangibles and in process research and development (IPR D). Goodwill, trade name intangibles and IPR D are recorded as a result of business combinations. When we determine the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized which should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We determined fair values for each of the reporting units using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately. 
 
 We tested goodwill, trade name and IPR D for impairment on October 1, 2022. In 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of 4.2 million and they were written off in full as of December 31, 2020. Our annual impairment test as of October 1, 2022 noted no other impairment, and we have not identified any indicators of impairment through December 31, 2022. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 48 

See Note 3, Recent Accounting and Reporting Standards to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further information. 

Additional Information 
 
 Additional information concerning RadNet, Inc., including our consolidated subsidiaries, for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in this annual report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk. We generate substantially all of our revenues and incur substantially all of our expenses in United States dollars. As a result, our financial results are unlikely to be materially affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets. 
 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to revenues and expenses denominated in the Euro, Canadian Dollar, Hungarian Forint and Pound Sterling. We have Artificial Intelligence operations in the Netherlands, radiology services in the United Kingdom, and maintain research and development centers in Canada and Hungary. At the present time, we do not have any foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate this risk. At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1 decline in the currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar against these currencies, would have resulted in an annual increase of approximately 0.2 million in operating expenses. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity. We pay interest on various types of debt instruments to our suppliers and lending institutions. The agreements entail either fixed or variable interest rates. Instruments which have fixed rates are mainly leases on radiology equipment. Variable rate interest obligations relate primarily to amounts borrowed under our outstanding credit facilities. Accordingly, our interest expense and consequently, our earnings, are affected by changes in short term interest rates. However due to our purchase of swaps, described below, the effects of interest rate changes are limited. 
 We can elect Eurodollar or Base Rate (Prime) interest rate options on amounts outstanding under the First Lien Term Loans. At December 31, 2022, we had 214.1 million outstanding subject to a Eurodollar election on First Lien Term Loans and our effective 3 month LIBOR rate plus applicable margin was 4.73 . A hypothetical 1 increase in the adjusted Eurodollar rates under the Restated Credit Agreement over the current Eurodollar rate would result in an increase of 2.1 million in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.8 million loan amount principal outstanding subject to an alternate base rate election on First Lien Term Loans with an effective rate of 9.50 . A hypothetical 1 increase in the alternative base rate under the First Lien Credit Agreement over the current alternative base rate would result in an increase of 18.0 thousand in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 150.0 million outstanding subject to an adjusted SOFR election on the Truist Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. We can elect SOFR or Base Rate interest options on amounts outstanding under the Truist Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. At December 31, 2022, our effective SOFR rate plus applicable margin was 6.28 . A hypothetical 1 increase in the adjusted Eurodollar rates under the Truist Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement would result in an increase of approximately 1.5 million in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes. 
 
 In the second quarter of 2019, we entered into four forward interest rate agreements ("2019 Swaps"). The 2019 Swaps have total notional amounts of 500,000,000, consisting of two agreements of 50,000,000 each and two agreements of 200,000,000 each. The 2019 Swaps will secure a constant interest rate associated with portions of our variable rate bank debt and have an effective date of October 13, 2020. They will mature in October 2023 for the smaller notional and October 2025 for the larger notional. Under these arrangements, we arranged the 2019 Swaps with locked in 1 month LIBOR rates at 1.96 for the 100,000,000 notional and at 2.05 for the 400,000,000 notional. As of the effective date, we will be liable for premium payments if interest rates decline below arranged rates, but will receive payments under the 2019 Swaps if interest rates rise above the arranged rates. 

49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

50 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of RadNet, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss) , equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Accounting for Revenue Recognition 
 Description of 
 the Matter 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s service fee revenue was 1,278 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, service fee revenue is based upon the estimated amounts the Company expects to be entitled to receive from patients and third-party payors (Medicare, Medicaid, managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies). Estimates of contractual allowances and implicit price concessions associated with third-party payors and any amounts due directly from patients, are based upon historical collection experience from such payors. The contractual allowance estimation process is periodically reviewed to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations, changes in business and economic conditions and contractual terms resulting from contract negotiations and renewals. The Company also records estimated implicit price concessions (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to amounts due directly from patients to record these revenues and accounts receivable at the estimated amounts the Company expects to collect. 
 
 Auditing management s estimates of contractual allowances and implicit price concessions was complex and judgmental due to the significant data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in determining related amounts. 

51 

How We 
 Addressed the 
 Matter in Our 
 Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement of service fee revenue. This included testing controls related to management s review of the significant assumptions and inputs used in the determination of the estimated amount that would be collected for services rendered during the period. We also tested controls over the current and historical data used by management in determining this estimate, including the completeness and accuracy of the data. 
 
 To test the estimated contractual allowances and implicit price concessions, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and evaluating the significant assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its estimates. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends and considered changes, if any, to the Company s business and other relevant factors. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates as a source of potential corroborative or contrary evidence. 
 
 Acquisition of Aidence Holding B.V. Quantib B.V.: Valuation of Developed Technology IPR D Description of 
 the Matter 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. Aidence and Quantib B.V. Quantib for net consideration of 45.2 million and 42.3 million, respectively, on January 20, 2022. The transactions were accounted for as business combinations. Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the fair value of developed technology and in-process research and development IPR D intangible assets of 26.6 million for Aidence and 20.3 million for Quantib. The significant estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the complexity of the valuation models used and the sensitivity of the fair value estimates to the significant underlying assumptions. The Company used an income approach to measure the fair value of the developed technology and IPR D intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets included discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results (e.g., revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin and obsolescence factors). These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s accounting for the acquisitions. We tested controls over the recognition and measurement of developed technology and IPR D intangible assets, including management s review of the valuation model and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. To test the estimated fair value of the developed technology and IPR D intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation methodology, evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data and reasonableness of significant assumptions such as revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin and obsolescence factors. For example, we compared the forecasted results, which were derived based on the significant assumptions discussed above, to current industry, market and economic trends, to the assumptions used in other acquisitions and to other guideline companies within the same industry. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used and reasonableness of the significant assumptions including the discount rate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 52 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Due from affiliates Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use-assets Total property, equipment and right-of-use-assets OTHER ASSETS Goodwill Other intangible assets Deferred financing costs Investment in joint ventures Deferred tax assets, net Deposits and other Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Due to affiliates Deferred revenue Current portion of operating lease liability Current portion of notes payable Total current liabilities LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Long-term operating lease liability Notes payable, net of current portion Deferred tax liability, net Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities EQUITY RadNet, Inc. stockholders' equity: Common stock - par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total RadNet, Inc.'s stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 53 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE Service fee revenue Revenue under capitation arrangements Total revenue Provider relief funding OPERATING EXPENSES Cost of operations, excluding depreciation and amortization Lease abandonment charges Depreciation and amortization Loss on sale and disposal of equipment and other Loss on impairment Severance costs Total operating expenses INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES Interest expense Equity in earnings of joint ventures ) ) ) Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt and related expenses ) Other expenses Total other expenses INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) BASIC NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) DILUTED NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 54 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (IN THOUSANDS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge, net of taxes ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge from prior periods reclassified to earnings COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 55 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 
 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 
 Additional Accumulated Other Radnet, Inc. Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders' Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Capital (Loss) Income Deficit Equity Interests Equity BALANCE - JANUARY 1, 2020 ) ) Shares issued under the equity compensation plan Issuance of common stock under the DeepHealth equity compensation plan Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for acquisitions Tax effect on gain on sale of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Change in fair value cash flow hedge, net of taxes ) ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge from prior periods reclassified to earnings Net (loss) income ) ) ) BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of stock upon exercise of options Shares issued under the equity compensation plan Issuance of common stock under the DeepHealth equity compensation plan Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for acquisitions and asset purchases Release of holdback shares from the purchase of DeepHealth Forfeiture of restricted stock ) ) ) ) Gain on contribution of assets to majority owned subsidiary ) ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling partner Sale of economic interests in majority owned subsidiary, net of taxes Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge from prior periods reclassified to earnings Net income BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of stock upon exercise of options Shares issued under the equity compensation plan Issuance of common stock to settle DeepHealth contingent consideration 
 
 56 

Issuance of common stock under the DeepHealth equity compensation plan Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for acquisitions Forfeiture of restricted stock and share cancellation ) ) ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling partner Sale of economic interests in majority owned subsidiary, net of taxes Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Change in fair value of cash flow hedge from prior periods reclassified to earnings Net income BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

57 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (IN THOUSANDS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Lease abandonment charges Equity in earnings of joint ventures, net of dividends ) ) Amortization and write off of deferred financing costs and loan discount Loss on sale and disposal of equipment and other Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt ) Loss on impairment Amortization of cash flow hedge Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate swap ) ) Stock-based compensation Non cash item in other expenses Change in value of contingent consideration ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in purchase transactions: Accounts receivable ) ) Other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Deferred taxes ) Operating lease liability ) ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of imaging centers and other operations ) ) ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) Proceeds from sale of equipment Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments on term loan debt ) ) ) Principal payments on notes and leases payable other than term loan debt ) ) Additional deferred finance costs on revolving loan amendment ) ) Proceeds from debt issuance, net of issuance costs Proceeds from paycheck protection program loans Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of economic interest in majority owned subsidiary Proceeds from revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
 
 We acquired equipment and certain leasehold improvements for approximately million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that we had not paid for as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The offsetting amount due was recorded in our consolidated balance sheets under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other. 
 On November 1, 2022, we issued shares of our common stock to complete our purchase of Heart and Lung Imaging Limited. The shares were ascribed a value of million. 
 On November 1, 2022 we made a contribution to our joint venture Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group of million in equipment and other assets. We recorded an offset to due to affiliates of million to reduce our overall investment to million. 
 On April 1, 2022 we received million in fixed assets and equipment from our partner in Frederick County Radiology, LLC. See Note 4, Facility Acquisitions contained herein. 
 On January 20, 2022, we issued shares of our common stock to complete our purchase of Aidence Holding B.V. The shares were ascribed a value of million. 
 On January 20, 2022, we issued shares to complete our purchase of Quantib B.V. The shares were ascribed a value of million. 
 On October 22, 2021 we completed our purchase of specific technology assets of DRT LLC in part by issuing shares of our common stock to complete the transaction. The shares were ascribed a value of million. 
 On August 24, 2021, we completed our stock purchase of Tangent Associates LLC by issuing shares of our common stock to complete the transaction. The shares were ascribed a value of million. 
 On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, partnership agreement with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist"). Of the total combined assets of million, RadNet transferred million and Simi Adventist contributed the remaining million. 
 
 We entered into finance lease debt of approximately thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 58 

RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. Our centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders. Our services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality imaging services. Our multi-modality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures. In addition to our center operations, we have certain other subsidiaries that develop Artificial Intelligence ("AI") products and solutions that are designed to enhance interpretation of radiographic images. Our operations comprise segments for financial reporting purposes for this reporting period, Imaging Centers and Artificial Intelligence. For further financial information about these segments, see Note 5, Segment Reporting. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of RadNet, Inc. as well as its subsidiaries in which RadNet has a controlling financial interest. The consolidated financial statements also include certain variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary (as described in more detail below). All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. All of these affiliated entities are referred to collectively as RadNet , we , us , our or the Company in this report. 
 Accounting regulations stipulate that generally any entity with a) insufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, or b) equity holders that, as a group, lack the characteristics which evidence a controlling financial interest, is considered a Variable Interest Entity VIE ). We consolidate all VIEs in which we are the primary beneficiary. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE through a qualitative analysis that identifies which variable interest holder has the controlling financial interest in the VIE. The variable interest holder who has both of the following has the controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary: (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In performing our analysis, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including: the design and activities of the VIE, the terms of the contracts the VIE has entered into, the nature of the VIE s variable interests issued and how they were negotiated with or marketed to potential investors, and which parties participated significantly in the design or redesign of the entity. 
 
 VIEs that we consolidate as the primary beneficiary consist of professional corporations which are owned or controlled by individuals within our senior management and provide professional medical services for centers in Arizona, California, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York. These VIEs are collectively referred to as the Group. RadNet provides non-medical, technical and administrative services to the Group for which it receives a management fee, pursuant to the related management agreements. Through the management agreements we have exclusive authority over all non-medical decision making related to the ongoing business operations and we determine the annual budget. The Group has insignificant operating assets and liabilities, and de minimis equity. Substantially all cash flows of the Group after expenses, including professional salaries, are transferred to us. We consolidate the revenue and expenses, assets and liabilities of the Group. The creditors of the Group do not have recourse to our general credit and there are no other arrangements that could expose us to losses on behalf of the Group. However, RadNet may be required to provide financial support to cover any operating expenses in excess of operating revenues. 
 
 The Group on a combined basis recognized million, million, and million of revenue, net of management services fees to RadNet, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and million, million, and million of operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. RadNet, Inc. recognized million, million, and million of total billed net service fee revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for management services provided to the Group relating primarily to the technical portion of billed revenue. 
 
 The cash flows of the Group are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we have included approximately million and million, respectively, of accounts 
 
 59 

million and million of accounts payable and accrued liabilities related to the Group, respectively. 
 
 At all of our centers not serviced by the Group we have entered into long-term contracts with medical groups to provide professional services at those centers, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures. The medical groups maintain full control over the physicians they employ. Through our management agreements, we make available to the medical groups the imaging centers, including all furniture, fixtures and medical equipment therein. The medical groups are compensated for their services from the professional component of the global net service fee revenue and after deducting management service fees paid to us, we have no economic controlling interest in these medical groups. As such, the financial results of these groups are not consolidated in our financial statements. 
 
 economic interest in ScriptSender, LLC, which provides services for secure data transmission of medical information. Through a management agreement, RadNet provides management and accounting services and receives an agreed upon fee. ScriptSender LLC is dependent on us to finance its own activities, and as such we determined that it is a VIE but we are not a primary beneficiary since we do not have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. We have continued to finance ScriptSender during it's development phase and our maximum exposure to loss is million, which represents our receivable balance from the entity. Maximum exposure to loss is the loss that we would absorb in the event that all of the assets of ScriptSender are deemed worthless. We paid operating expenses for the venture of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 2 - 

60 

Medicare Medicaid Workers' compensation/personal injury Other patient revenue Management fee revenue Software and teleradiology Other Revenue under capitation arrangements Imaging center segment revenue AI segment revenue Total revenue 
 
 GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE: COVID-19 PANDEMIC AND CARES ACT FUNDING - On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization (WHO) designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic. To aid businesses and stimulate the national economy, Congress passed The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act, which was signed in to law on March 27, 2020. 
 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2020 and through the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we received funding from the various programs established by the CARES Act as follows: 
 
 million total of accelerated Medicare payments received, million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 million from the Paycheck Protection Program during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 million total Provider Relief Funding, million received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and million received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The accelerated Medicare payments were recorded to deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheet and are being applied to revenue as services are performed beginning in 2021. Based on terms released on October 1, 2020, through the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2021 and Other Extensions Act, such accelerated payments are interest free for inpatient acute care hospitals for 29 months (seven months for medical groups), and the program currently requires CMS to recoup the payments 
 
 61 

million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of Medicare payments received remain in d eferred revenue . 
 
 The million secured from the Paycheck Protection Program was accounted for as debt and in December 2020 we met the eligibility requirements under the government guidelines for forgiveness and the loans were written off to gain on extinguishment of debt. 
 
 The Provider Relief Funding is displayed as such on our consolidated statements of operations in the year received. 
 
 The CARES Act also provides for the deferral of the employer-paid portion of the social security payroll tax with due by December 31, 2021 and due by December 31,2022. We elected to defer million of this tax through December 31, 2020 which has been paid as of December 31, 2022. The CARES Act also provided a refundable employer tax credit ("ERC") equal to of qualified wages, including certain health insurance costs, that can be used to offset payroll tax liabilities. In the year ending December 31, 2021, we recognized an employee retention credit as a reduction to cost of operations totaling of million. 

Amounts remaining to be collected on these agreements were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We do not utilize factoring arrangements as an integral part of our financing for working capital. 
 
 ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES - 
 Accrued expenses Accrued salary and benefits Accrued professional fees Total 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded approximately million, million, and million, respectively, in revenue related to our software business which is included in net service fee revenue in our consolidated statement of operations. At December 31, 2022 we had deferred revenue of approximately million associated with these sales which we expect to recognize into revenue over the next months. 

62 

Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, were million and million for the twelve months ended at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 8, Credit Facilities and 
 
 to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized at the lesser of lease term or their estimated useful lives, which range from to years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Goodwill totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Indefinite lived intangible assets at were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 and are associated with the value of certain trade name intangibles and in process research and development (IPR D). 
 
 We tested goodwill, trade name and IPR D for impairment on October 1, 2022. In 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of million and they were written off in full as of December 31, 2020. Our annual impairment test as of October 1, 2022 noted no other impairment, and we have not identified any indicators of impairment through December 31, 2022. 
 
 million in leasehold improvements for 
 
 63 

million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We have recorded liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, for the estimated future cash obligations associated with the unpaid portion of the workers compensation claims incurred. 
 
 The policy has a deductible which is per incidence for all years covered by this report. 
 
 We have recorded liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of million and million, respectively, for the estimated future cash obligations associated with the unpaid portion of the medical and dental claims incurred by our participants. Additionally, we entered into an agreement with Blue 
 
 64 

up to a maximum of million in order for us to limit our exposure for unusual or catastrophic claims. 
 
 We can elect to provide a matching contribution in the amount to a maximum of per of employee contribution, and have done so since 2017. We contributed million in matching for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we elected to provide a matching contribution. 

long-term incentive plan that we adopted in 2006 and which we first amended and restated as of April 20, 2015, and again on March 9, 2017, and currently as of April 15, 2021 (the Restated Plan ). The Restated Plan was approved by our stockholders at our annual stockholders meeting on June 10, 2021. We have reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the Restated Plan which can be issued in the form of incentive and/or nonstatutory stock options, restricted and/or unrestricted stock, stock units, and stock appreciation rights. Terms and conditions of awards can be direct grants or based on achieving a performance metric and we also consider probability of achievement of performance conditions when determining expense recognition. For the awards where vesting is probable, equity-based compensation is recognized over the related vesting period. Stock options and warrants generally vest over three to and expire five to from date of grant. We determine the compensation expense for each stock option award using the Black Scholes, or similar, valuation model. Those models require that our management make certain estimates concerning risk free interest rates and volatility in the trading price of our common stock. The compensation expense recognized for all equity-based awards is recognized over the awards service periods. Equity-based compensation is classified in operating expenses within the same line item as the majority of the cash compensation paid to employees. In connection with our acquisition of DeepHealth Inc. on June 1, 2020, we assumed the DeepHealth, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, including outstanding options awards that can be exercised for our common stock. No additional awards will be granted under the DeepHealth, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. See Note 11, Stock-Based Compensation, for more information. 
 
 Currency Translation Adjustments ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Currency Translation Adjustments ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Currency Translation Adjustments ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 OTHER 

65 

2016 CAPS 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2016, we entered into forward interest rate cap agreements ("2016 Caps"). The 2016 Caps matured in September and October 2020. The 2016 Caps had notional amounts of and , respectively, which were designated at inception as cash flow hedges of future cash interest payments associated with portions of our variable rate bank debt. Under these arrangements, we purchased a cap on 3 month LIBOR at . We were liable for a million premium to enter into the caps which accrued to current liabilities on our balance sheet and paid over the life of the 2016 Caps. 
 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 2019 SWAPS 
 In the second quarter of 2019, we entered into forward interest rate agreements ("2019 swaps"). The 2019 swaps have total notional amounts of , consisting of agreements of each and agreements of each. Under these arrangements, we arranged the 2019 swaps with locked in 1 month LIBOR rates at for the notional and at for the notional. 
 The remaining gain or loss, if any, is recognized currently in earnings. The cash flows for both our notional interest rate swap contract locked in at due October 2025 and our notional interest rate swap contract locked in at do not match the cash flows for our First Lien Term Loans and so we have determined that they are not currently effective as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, all changes in their fair value after April 1, 2020 for the notional and after July 1, 2020 for the notional will be recognized in earnings. As of July 1, 2020, the total change in fair value relating to swaps included in other comprehensive income was approximately million, net of taxes. This amount will be amortized to interest expense through October 2023 at approximately million per month and continuing at approximately million per month through October 2025. 

66 

December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 ) Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 A tabular presentation of the effect of derivative instruments on our statement of operations of the 2019 Swaps for the Swaps that became ineffective in 2020 is as follows (amounts in thousands): 
 Interest Rate Contracts - Ineffective Portion For the twelve months ended Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative (current period ineffective portion) Location of gain (loss) recognized in Income on derivative (current period ineffective portion) Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income (prior period effective portion) Location of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into income (prior period effective portion) December 31, 2022 Other Income (Expense) ) Interest Expense December 31, 2021 Other Income (Expense) ) Interest Expense December 31, 2020 ) Other Income (Expense) ) Interest Expense 
 
 CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION - 
 Aidence Holding B.V. 
 On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Aidence Holding B.V. ("Aidence") an artificial intelligence enterprise centered on lung cancer screening. As part of the purchase agreement, we will pay up to million consideration upon the completion of identified milestones in RadNet common shares or cash at our election. This contingency had a value of approximately million on December 31, 2022. The amount is reviewed quarterly and adjusted to fair value based on the yield rate of S P B-rated corporate bonds and the probability of FDA approval, which has been currently determined by management to be for milestone one and for milestone two. In addition, there is a remaining general holdback of million to be issued in shares of our common stock subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. 
 Quantib B.V. 
 On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise centered on prostate cancer screening. As part of the purchase agreement, we will issue months after acquisition, shares of our common stock with an initial fair value at the date of close of million subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims and will be adjusted to fair value in subsequent periods. This contingency had a value of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, there is a general holdback of million to be issued in cash subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. 
 Montclair 
 On October 1, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Montclair Radiological Associates. As part of the purchase agreement, we recorded million in contingent consideration to be determined by obtaining specific EBITDA targets within a defined time frame. 
 Heart and Lung Imaging Limited 
 On November 1, 2022, we completed our acquisition of of the equity interests of Heart and Lung Imaging Limited. The purchase included million in contingent milestone consideration and cash holdback of million to be issued months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims, which will be adjusted to fair value in 
 
 67 

million as of December 31, 2022. The contingent consideration is determined by the achievement of a specific number of physician reads. 
 ) Quantib Accrued Expenses Other Long Term Liabilities ) Montclair Accrued Expenses Heart and Lung Limited Accrued Expenses Other Long Term Liabilities 
 
 See Fair Value Measurements section below for the fair value of contingent consideration at December 31, 2022. 

Derivatives: 

68 

Quantib B.V. holdback of shares of RadNet common stock 
 Montclair Radiological Associates Heart and Lung Imaging Limited 
 
 The estimated fair value of these liabilities was determined using Level 3 inputs. For Aidence Holding B.V., the milestone contingent liability was adjusted to fair value based on the yield rate of S P B-rated corporate bonds and the probability of FDA approval. For the Quantib B.V holdback shares, the fair value was determined by calculating the value of estimated shares issuable as of the reporting date (which was translated at the current exchange rate at December 31, 2022, the time period related to the contractual settlement term, and the probability of issuing the shares. For Montclair Radiological Associates the contingent consideration is determined by obtaining specific EBITDA targets within a defined time frame. For Heat Lung Imaging Limited the contingent consideration is determined by the achievement of a specific number of physician reads. As significant inputs for the contingent consideration of Aidence B.V., Quantib B.V., Montclair Radiological Associates and Heart Lung Imaging Limited are not observable and cannot be corroborated by observable market data they are classified as Level 3. 
 
 Long Term Debt 

69 

Our Barclays revolving credit facility had aggregate principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our Truist revolving credit facility had aggregate principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

) BASIC NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders ) DILUTED NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period Add nonvested restricted stock subject only to service vesting Add additional shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, warrants and holdback shares Weighted average number of common shares used in calculating diluted net income per share Changes in fair value associated with contingently issuable shares ) Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc's common stockholders for diluted share calculation ) Diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders ) Stock options and non-vested restricted awards excluded from the computation of diluted per share amounts as their effect would be antidilutive: Nonvested restricted stock subject to service vesting Shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options 
 
 70 

equity investments for which a fair value is not readily determinable and we do not have significant influence and therefore the total amounts invested are recognized at cost. In accordance with accounting guidance , if there is no readily determinable fair value, the guidance allows entities the ability to measure investments at cost less impairment, whereby impairment is based on a qualitative assessment. 
 
 Medic Vision, based in Israel, specializes in software packages that provide compliant radiation dose structured reporting and enhanced images from reduced dose CT scans. Our investment of million, represents a equity interest in the company. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Turner Imaging Systems, based in Utah, develops and markets portable X-ray imaging systems that provide a user the ability to acquire X-ray images wherever and whenever they are needed. On February 1, 2018, we purchased million preferred shares in Turner Imaging Systems for million. On January 1, 2019 we funded a convertible promissory note in the amount of million that converted to an additional preferred shares on October 11, 2019. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 WhiteRabbit.ai Inc., based in California, is currently developing an artificial intelligence suite which aims to improve the speed and accuracy of cancer detection in radiology and improve patient care. On November 5, 2019 we acquired an equity interest in the company for million and also loaned the company million in support of its operations. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 unconsolidated joint ventures with ownership interests ranging from to . These joint ventures represent partnerships with hospitals, health systems or radiology practices and were formed for the purpose of owning and operating diagnostic imaging centers. Professional services at the joint venture diagnostic imaging centers are performed by contracted radiology practices or a radiology practice that participates in the joint venture. Our investment in these joint ventures is accounted for under the equity method, as we do not have a controlling financial interest in such ventures. We evaluate our investment in joint ventures, including cost in excess of book value (equity method goodwill) for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. No indicators of impairment existed as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Joint venture investment and financial information 
 
 Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures Equity in earnings in these joint ventures Distribution of earnings ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures Equity in earnings in these joint ventures Distribution of earnings ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 We charged management service fees from the centers underlying these joint ventures of approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We eliminate any unrealized portion of our management service fees with our equity in earnings of joint ventures. As we have the ability to exercise significant influence over our joint venture entities, we consider them related parties. Amounts transacted between ourselves and the entities in the ordinary course of business are disclosed on our balance sheet in the due from/to affiliate accounts. 

71 

Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Total net assets Book value of RadNet joint venture interests Cost in excess of book value of acquired joint venture interests accounted for as equity method goodwill Total value of RadNet joint venture interests 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net revenue Net income 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made an additional equity contributions of million each year to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group ("ADRG", our joint venture with Dignity Health). 
 On November 1, 2022, we contributed of our imaging centers to ADRG of million and recorded a loss of million which was calculated as the difference between the sale price and carrying value of such imaging centers which included equipment and other assets and an allocation of goodwill to such imaging centers. We recorded million of the sale price as an offset to due to affiliates while the remaining million was recorded as investment in joint venture on our balance sheet. We accounted for the transaction as an adjustment to our equity investment for the value of the assets contributed. To maintain our economic interest in ADRG, we received a distribution from the partnership of million to reduce our overall investment to million. 

NOTE 3 - 
 
 72 

NOTE 4 

) IFRC LLC 1/1/2022 ) Montclair Radiological Associates, P.A. # 10/1/2022 ) ) Heart and Lung Imaging Limited+ 11/1/2022 Chelsea Diagnostic Radiology, P.C. 12/1/2022 North Jersey Imaging Center, LLC 12/9/2022 ) ) 
 
 Fair Value Determination is Final 
 IFRC LLC acquisitions consisted of subsidiaries of IFRC, of which was purchased separately by a joint venture with Calvert Medical Imaging Centers, LLC. 
 # Montclair Radiological Associates includes a liability for million in contingent consideration. 
 +See detailed description of the Heart and Lung Imaging Limited acquisition below. 

2021: 
 
 73 

) ZP Elmont LLC 2/1/2021 ZP Freeport LLC 2/1/2021 Broadway Medical Imaging LLC 2/1/2021 ) 3235 Hempstead LLC 2/1/2021 SLZM Realty LLC 2/1/2021 2012 Sunrise Merrick LLC 2/1/2021 ) ZP Bayside LLC 3/1/2021 ) ZP Laurelton LLC 3/1/2021 ) ZP Smith LLC 3/1/2021 ) ZP 907 Northern LLC 4/1/2021 ) William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 5/1/2021 ) 60th Street MRI, LLC 5/1/2021 ZP Parkchester LLC 5/1/2021 ) ZP Eastern LLC 6/1/2021 ) Tangent Associates LLC 8/24/2021 Mid Delaware Imaging P.A. 12/1/2021 William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 12/6/2021 William M. Kelly MD, Inc. 12/31/2021 ) ) 
 Fair Value Determination is Final 
 All stock purchase through issuing shares of our common stock. 
 William M. Kelly MD acquisitions consisted of various subsidiaries purchased separately. 
 
 Heart and Lung Imaging Limited 
 
 On November 1, 2022, we acquired a controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited HLI ). HLI is a teleradiology concern which operates in the United Kingdom with the National Healthcare Service to screen high risk populations for cardiac and lung conditions. HLI s operations are included in our imaging center segment for reporting purposes. The transaction was accounted for as the acquisition of a business with a total purchase consideration of approximately million, including: i) shares with a fair value of million shares issued at per share), ii) cash of million and iii) contingent consideration of million million in contingent milestone consideration and cash holdback of million to be issued months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims) and iv) noncontrolling interest of million. We recorded million in current assets, million in intangible assets, million current liabilities and million in goodwill in connection with this transaction. 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are customer relationships and trade names. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate of . The cash flows were based on estimated earnings from existing customers, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 74 

million including i) shares issued at per share with a fair value of million ii) cash of million and iii) contingent consideration of million million in milestones to be settled in shares or cash at our election and a share holdback of million) and iv) a settlement of a loan from RadNet of million. In addition we paid certain seller closing costs through the issuance of shares at a fair value of million. As a result of this transaction, we recorded million in current assets, million in property and equipment, million in intangible assets (including developed technology of million and IPR D of million), million in current liabilities, a deferred tax liability of million, and million in goodwill. 
 
 In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Aidence business. 
 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR D, trade names, and customer relationships. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from to . The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital. 
 
 The developed technology consists of artificial intelligence powered applications for lung nodule management and early lung cancer diagnosis and reporting. 
 
 The IPR D asset relates primarily to an in-process project for a customer relationship management offering to manage patients that are found with Incidental Pulmonary Nodules and has not reached technological feasibility as of the acquisition date. The asset recorded relates to one project, and the Company expects to complete the project in the next twelve months. 
 
 The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at years, for customer relationships years, and trade names was years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth. 
 
 Quantib B.V. 
 
 On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise focused on prostate cancer screening. Quantib is reported as part of our artificial intelligence segment, and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities. The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and total purchase consideration was determined to be approximately million including i) shares issued at per share with a fair value of million ii) cash of million and iii) contingent consideration consisting of shares with a fair value at the date of close of million and cash of million both to be released months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. As a result of this transaction, we recorded million in current assets, million in property and equipment, million in intangible assets (including developed technology of million and IPR D of million), million in current liabilities, million in long-term debt and deferred tax liabilities, and million in goodwill. 
 
 In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Quantib business. 
 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR D, trade names, and customer relationships. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from to . The cash flows were based on 
 
 75 

, customer relationships , and trade names . The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth. 
 
 As disclosed above, for the acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib, the Company uses the income approach to determine the fair value of developed technology and IPR D acquired in business combinations. This approach determines fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to the respective assets over their useful lives and then discounting these after-tax cash flows back to a present value. The Company bases its revenue assumptions on estimates of relevant market sizes, expected market growth rates, expected trends in technology and expected product introductions by competitors. The value of the in-process projects is based on the project's stage of completion, the complexity of the work completed as of the acquisition date, the projected costs to complete, the expected introduction date, the estimated cash flows to be generated upon commercial release and the estimated useful life of the technology. The Company believes that the estimated developed technology and IPR D amounts represent the fair value at the date of acquisition and do not exceed the amount a third-party would pay for the assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of intangible assets include discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, specifically, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins and obsolescence factors. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 Subsidiary activity 
 Formation of majority owned subsidiaries 
 Frederick County Radiology, LLC 
 On April 1, 2022 we formed Frederick County Radiology, LLC ("FCR"), a partnership with Frederick Health Hospital, Inc. ("Hospital"). The operation offers multi-modality services out of locations in Frederick, Maryland. We contributed the operations of centers to the enterprise and Hospital contributed million in fixed assets, million in equipment, and million in goodwill. As a result of the transaction, we recognized a gain of million to additional paid in capital and retained a controlling economic interest in FCR and Hospital retains an million or noncontrolling economic interest in FCR. 
 Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC 
 On June 15, 2022 we entered into Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC, a partnership with Dimension Health Corporation. ("Dimension"), an affiliate of the University of Maryland. The operation will provide multi-modality services out of yet to be determined locations in the Largo, Maryland area. The venture was initially capitalized with nominal amounts of thousand for a economic interest from us and thousand from Dimension for a economic interest. 
 Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC 
 On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, a partnership with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist"). The operation will offer multi-modality imaging services out of locations in Ventura County, California. Total investment in the venture is million. RadNet contributed million in assets for a economic interest and Simi Adventist contributed assets totaling million for a economic interest. 
 Sale of ownership interest in a majority owned subsidiary 
 Effective September 1, 2021 we completed the sale of a ownership interest in our majority owned subsidiary West Valley Imaging Group, LLC for million to Tarzana Medical Center, LLC. After the sale, our ownership interest in the subsidiary has reduced from to and we retain a controlling financial interest in the subsidiary. We recognized in additional paid in capital on our consolidated balance sheets, million excess in consideration over the carrying value of the sold economic interest. Post the sale of our ownership interest we acquired from Tarzana Medical Center, LLC, certain tangible and intangible business assets for purchase consideration of approximately million. 

76 

NOTE 5 

77 

AI Total revenue Cost of Operations Imaging Centers AI Total cost of operations Depreciation and Amortization Imaging Centers AI Total depreciation and amortization Loss on Disposal of Equipment Imaging Centers AI Total loss (gain) Severance Imaging Centers AI Total severance Income from Operations Imaging Centers AI ) ) ) Total income from operations 
 For proper comparative purposes, Imaging Center segment revenue for the years 2021 and 2020 exclude Provider Relief Funding of million and million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively as it represents a form of direct Government stimulus. such funds were received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 6 

78 

Additions Measurement period and other adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2021 Additions Disposals ) ) Measurement period and other adjustments ) Currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The amount of goodwill from these acquisitions that is deductible for tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 is million. 
 
 Other intangible assets are primarily related to our business combinations and software development. They include the estimated fair values of such items as service agreements, customer lists, covenants not to compete, acquired technologies, and trade names. 
 
 Total amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful life determined at acquisition. Management service agreements are amortized over years using the straight line method. Software development is capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the software when placed into service. Trade names are reviewed annually for impairment. 
 
 Covenant not to compete and other contracts Customer Relationships Patent and Trademarks Developed Technology Software Trade Names amortized Trade Names indefinite life IPR D Total Annual Amortization 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 79 

Medical equipment Computer and office equipment, furniture and fixtures Software development costs Leasehold improvements Equipment originally acquired under finance/capital lease Total property and equipment cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment 
 
 Included in our property and equipment at December 31, 2022 is approximately million total of construction in process amounts consisting of million in medical equipment, million in computer and office equipment, million in software development and million in leasehold improvements. 
 
 Included in our property and equipment at December 31, 2021 is approximately million total of construction in process amounts consisting of million in medical equipment, million in computer and office equipment, and million in leasehold improvements. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 

NOTE 8 - 
 Discount on First Lien Term Loans ) ) Term Loan Agreement collateralized by NJIN's tangible and intangible assets Discount on NJIN Term Loan Agreement ) Total debt obligations Less current portion ) ) Long-term portion debt obligations 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total notes payable obligations 
 
 We had outstanding balance under our million Barclays Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 and had reserved an additional million for certain letters of credit. The remaining million of our Barclays Revolving Credit Facility was available to draw upon as of December 31, 2022. We also had balance under our million Truist Revolving Credit Facility related to our consolidated subsidiary NJIN at December 31, 2022, and with no letters 
 
 80 

million of senior secured first lien term loans (the "First Lien Term Loans") and a million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Barclays Revolving Credit Facility"). The proceeds of the First Lien Term Loans were used to refinance loans outstanding under our prior first lien credit agreement and provide funding for current and future operations. Total costs of the Restated Credit Agreement amounted to approximately million segregated as follows: million capitalized to discount and deferred finance cost, million charged to loss on early extinguishment of debt and related expenses and million written off to interest expense. Amounts capitalized will be amortized over the remaining terms of the respective credit facilities under the Restated Credit Agreement. 
 Truist: Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement 
 On October 7, 2022, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (the "Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement") which provides for a million of a secured term loan (the "Truist Term Loan") and a million secured revolving credit facility (the "Truist Revolving Credit Facility"). Both loans were secured by our simultaneous entry into the Second Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement on the same date. The proceeds were were used to refinance the outstanding balance under our prior term loan agreement and provide funding for current and future operations. Total costs of the Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement amounted to approximately million segregated as follows: million capitalized to discount and deferred finance cost and million expensed to loss on extinguishment of debt and related expenses in other expense. Amounts capitalized will be amortized over the remaining terms of the respective credit facilities under the Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. 
 :1.00 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 II Less than :1.00 but greater than or equal to :1.00 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 III Less than :1.00 but greater than or equal to 
 :1.00 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 IV Less than :1.00 but greater than or equal to :1.00 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 V Less than :1.00 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 
 
 per annum 

Senior Credit Facilities: 
 First Lien Term Loans: 
 
 The First Lien Term Loans under the Restated Credit Agreement bear interest at either a Eurodollar Rate or an Alternate Base Rate (in each case, as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement), plus an applicable margin. The applicable 
 
 81 

per annum, with a reduction to per annum upon delivery by us of financial statements evidencing a first lien net leverage ratio of to 1.00 or less. Such statements were delivered by us on May 27, 2021. At December 31, 2022 the effective Eurodollar Rate and the Alternate Base Rate for the First Lien Term Loans under the Restated Credit Agreement was and , respectively and the applicable margin for the Eurodollar Rate and Alternate Base Rate First Lien Term Loans under the Restated Credit Agreement was and , respectively. 
 
 The Restated Credit Agreement provides for quarterly payments of principal for the First Lien Term Loan in the amount of approximately million. The First Lien Term Loan will mature on April 23, 2028 unless otherwise accelerated under the terms of the Restated Credit Agreement. 
 
 Truist Term Loan: 
 
 The Truist Term Loan currently bears interest at a three month SOFR election of plus an applicable margin and fees based on Pricing Level III described above. 
 
 The scheduled amortization of the Truist Term Loan begins March 31, 2023 with quarterly payments of million, representing of the original principal balance. At scheduled intervals, the quarterly amortization increases by million, with the remaining balance to be paid at maturity. The Truist Term Loan will mature on October 10, 2027 unless otherwise accelerated under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facilities: 
 
 Barclays Revolving Credit Facility: 
 
 The Barclays Revolving Credit Facility under the Restated Credit Agreement is a million senior secured revolving credit facility. Associated with the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility are deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, of million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 x 

> x but x 

x 

As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate for borrowings on revolving loans under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility stood at . 
 
 For letters of credit issued under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility, letter of credit fees accrue at the applicable margin for Eurodollar rate revolving loans which is currently and fronting fees accrue at per annum, in each case on the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit issued under the Restated Credit Agreement. In addition, a commitment fee of per annum accrues on the unused revolver commitments under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Barclays Revolving Credit Facility will terminate on April 23, 2026 unless otherwise accelerated in accordance with the terms of the Restated Credit Agreement. 
 
 Truist Revolving Credit Facility: 
 
 Associated with the Truist Revolving Credit Facility of million are deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, of million at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, NJIN had no borrowings under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 The Truist Revolving Credit Facility bears interest with different margins based on types of borrowings at a Pricing Level III as noted in the pricing grid above. The Truist Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the earliest of (i) 
 
 82 

million of revolving commitments to the prior Barclays revolving credit facility increasing the maximum borrowing capacity under the prior Barclays revolving credit facility to million while leaving the maturity date of July 1, 2023 unchanged. 
 
 On April 18, 2019 we entered into the following amendments to the prior first lien credit agreement: (i) Amendment No. 6, Consent and Incremental Joinder Agreement to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Sixth Amendment and (ii) Amendment No. 7 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Seventh Amendment ). Among other things, the Sixth Amendment amended the prior first lien credit agreement to issue million in incremental first lien term loans and to add an additional million of revolving commitments to the prior Barclays revolving credit facility. The Seventh Amendment amended the prior first lien credit agreement to extend the maturity date of the prior Barclays revolving credit facility by an additional to July 1, 2023, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the prior first lien credit agreement. 
 
 The prior first lien credit agreement was amended and restated by the Restated Credit Agreement described above, and the prior first lien term loans and prior Barclays revolving credit facility under the prior first lien credit agreement were refinanced and replaced by the First Lien Term Loans and the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility provided under the Restated Credit Agreement described above. 
 
 Truist Credit Facilities: 
 
 On August 31, 2018, under the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (A R Agreement), NJIN secured a term loan commitment of million and established revolving credit facility of million. The agreement had a maturity date of August 31, 2023 and was refinanced on October 10, 2022 by the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program 
 The Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) includes funds available for loans to small business and Medicare providers to support operations during the COVID-19 pandemic. The funds are administered by the Small Business Administration (SBA), through approved lenders and do not require collateral or personal guarantees. We received our loans based on being a Medicare provider. The terms and conditions for participation require entities to certify that economic uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic makes the loan necessary to support their current operations, and that they will use the funds to retain workers (e.g., by paying salaries, providing paid sick/medical leave and health insurance benefits) and pay certain debts (mortgage obligations) and expenses (e.g. rent, utilities, telephone). The loans have a fixed interest rate and are due in years. The loans are eligible for forgiveness subject to salary limitations and employee retention levels. Certain of our consolidated subsidiaries received loans totaling million. We accounted for the funds received as debt and recorded a liability for the full amount of proceeds received and accrued interest over the term of the loans. In December 2020 we met the eligibility requirements for forgiveness and the loans were written off to gain on debt extinguishment. 

NOTE 9 
 
 to years. Including renewal options negotiated with the landlord, we can have a total span of to years at these locations, and we do not enter into purchase options on the underlying property. We also lease smaller satellite X-Ray locations on mutually renewable terms, usually lasting one year. Leases for advanced radiology and office equipment have terms generally lasting from to years. All leases are classified as operating or finance for accounting purposes, depending on the terms of the agreement. Our Incremental Borrowing Rate ("IBR") used to discount the stream of lease payments is closely related to the interest rates 
 
 83 

Finance lease cost: Depreciation of leased equipment Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 
 1) Operating lease cost above for the year ended December 31, 2021 included million in lease abandonment charges. Please see our discussion in the Leases section of Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Operating cash flows from financing leases Financing cash flows from financing leases Right-of-use Equipment assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 1) On December 31, 2021 we reduced our liability and eliminated the related right-of-use assets for future lease options at facilities that we elected to abandon. The amount of liability and right-of-use asset reduction amounted to approximately million. 

84 

Current portion of operating lease liability Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Equipment at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Equipment, net Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases - years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Lease Payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have additional operating leases for facilities and medical equipment that have not yet commenced of approximately million. These operating leases will commence in 2023 with lease terms of to years. 

NOTE 10 

85 

) Foreign ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 ) State current tax ) ) Foreign current tax Federal deferred tax ) State deferred tax Foreign deferred tax ) Income tax expense 
 
 ) State franchise tax, net of federal benefit Other Non deductible expenses ) Officer Compensation Noncontrolling interests in partnerships ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance ) ) Return to provision ) ) PPP Loan ) Deferred true-ups and other ) Foreign rate differential ) ) Uncertain tax provisions ) ) Other differences Income tax expense 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes and operating loss carryforwards. 

86 

Accrued expenses Operating lease liability Equity compensation Allowance for doubtful accounts Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Goodwill ) ) Intangibles ) ) Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) Outside basis difference ) Other ) ) Total Deferred Tax Liabilities ) ) Net Deferred Tax (Liability) Asset ) 

As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which is comprised of definite and indefinite net operating losses. We had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which expire at various intervals from the years 2026 to 2037, and had carryforwards of million of net operating losses which do not expire. Federal net operating losses generated in tax years following December 31, 2017 carryover indefinitely and may be used to offset up to 80 of future taxable net income. We also had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which expire at various intervals from the years 2024 through 2042. As of December 31, 2022, million of our federal net operating loss carryforwards acquired in connection with the 2011 acquisition of Raven Holdings U.S., Inc. and the 2019 acquisition of Nulogix Health, Inc. are subject to limitations related to their utilization under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. We also had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which begin to expire from years 2023 to 2027, in addition to million which do not expire and are carried over indefinitely. 
 
 We considered all evidence available when determining whether deferred tax assets are more likely-than-not to be realized, including projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, prudent tax planning strategies, and recent financial operations. The evaluation of this evidence requires significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, based on the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income. As of December 31, 2022, we have determined that deferred tax assets of million are more likely-than-not to be realized. We have also determined deferred tax liabilities of million are related to book basis in goodwill that has an indefinite life. 
 
 We file consolidated income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We continue to reinvest earnings of the non-US entities for the foreseeable future and therefore have not recognized any U.S. tax expense on these earnings. With limited exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. We do not anticipate the results of any open examinations would result in a material change to our financial position. 

87 

Increases related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Expiration of the statute of limitations for the assessment of taxes ) ) ) Increase (decrease) related to change in rate Balance at end of year 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized tax benefits of million of which million will affect the effective tax rate if recognized. 
 
 We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company accrued approximately thousand of interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2022, accrued interest and penalties amounted to approximately million. We do not anticipate the uncertain tax position to change materially within the next 12 months. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act). The Cares Act is an emergency economic stimulus package that includes spending and tax breaks to strengthen the United States economy and fund a nationwide effort to curtail the effect of COVID-19. The CARES Act provides sweeping tax changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of the more significant provisions are removal of certain limitations on utilization of net operating losses, increasing the loss carryback period for certain losses to five years, and increasing the ability to deduct interest expense, as well as amending certain provisions of the previously enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. At December 31, 2020, we have taken advantage of the accelerated tax depreciation related to qualified improvement property and the Paycheck Protection Program loan allowed under the CARES Act. 
 
 On December 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 CAA ). The CAA includes provisions extending certain CARES Act provisions and adds coronavirus relief, tax and health extenders. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act 2022 which incorporates a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT) was signed on August 16, 2022. The changes will affect for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The new tax will require companies to compute two separate calculations for federal income tax purposes and pay the greater of the new minimum tax or their regular tax liability. We will be monitoring the impacts of the act to determine if this will have a impact on us for years beginning after December 31, 2022. As of year-end it is not expected to have a material impact for us. 
 
 The Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) Act of 2022 was signed into law on August 9, 2022 to boost domestic semiconductor manufacturing and encourage US research activities. The act provided a 25 investment credit intended to promote domestic production of semiconductors. This act is not expected to have a material impact for us. 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 subjects a U.S. shareholder to tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. An entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense only. We have elected to account for GILTI in the year the tax is incurred. 

NOTE 11 
 long-term equity incentive plan, the RadNet, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, which we first amended and restated April 20, 2015, again on March 9, 2017 and currently as of April 15, 2021 (the "Restated Plan ). The Restated Plan was most recently approved by our stockholders at our annual stockholders meeting on June 10, 2021. We have reserved for issuance under the 2017 Restated Plan shares of common stock. We can issue options (incentive and non-qualified), stock awards, stock appreciation rights, stock units and cash awards under the Restated Plan. 

88 

and expire five to from the date of grant. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (the difference between our closing stock price on December 31, 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options as applicable) that would have been received by the holder had all holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested employee awards was million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 DeepHealth Options 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, in connection with the completion of the DeepHealth acquisition, we granted options at a grant date fair value of per share unit to DeepHealth employees in replacement of their stock options that were outstanding as of the closing date. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock based compensation expense related to non-vested DeepHealth options was approximately million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 Exercised ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards RSA s 
 
 The Restated Plan permits the award of restricted stock awards RSA s ). As of December 31, 2022, we have issued a total of RSA s of which were unvested at December 31, 2022 . 

89 

Changes during the period Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) RSA's unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 We determine the fair value of all RSA s based of the closing price of our common stock on award date. 
 
 Other stock bonus awards 
 
 The Restated Plan also permits the award of stock bonuses not subject to any future service period. These awards are valued and expensed based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of award. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 we issued shares relating to these awards, approximately amounting to million of compensation expense. 
 
 Performance based stock units ("PSUs") 
 In January 2022, we granted certain employees PSUs with a target award of shares of our common stock. The PSUs will vest in equal parts, starting from the grant date based on continuous service, with the number of shares earned to of the target award) depending upon the extent to which we achieve a performance condition as determined by the board of directors over the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 Performance based stock options ("PSOs") 
 In January 2022, we granted certain employees PSOs to purchase a maximum of shares of our common stock. The PSOs will vest in equal parts, starting from the grant date based on continuous service, with the number of shares earned shares to shares) depending upon the extent to which we achieve a performance condition as determined by the board of directors over the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 
 Long Term Incentive Plan shares ("LTIPs") 
 In addition, we issue stock-based compensation to certain employees in our AI segment in the form of Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards, subject to certain restrictions. The awards represent a form of long term incentive and are reflective of a general practice within the software industry. The units and shares vest ratably over a two to period, conditioned on continued employment through the vesting periods. We determine the fair value of all LTIPs based on the closing price of our common stock on the award date. 
 Changes during the period Granted Forfeited or Canceled ) LTIPs unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Plan summary 

90 

shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Restated Plan at December 31, 2022, there remain shares available for future awards. 

91 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with existing policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are transacted in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Our management, under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which is included below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

92 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of RadNet, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

93 

- 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 will be included under the captions Directors, Executive Officers, Corporate Governance, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 We have adopted a code of financial ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees which is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 
 
 honest and ethical conduct; 
 
 full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with the SEC and in our other public communications; 
 
 compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading compliance; and 
 
 accountability for adherence to the code and prompt internal reporting of violations of the code, including illegal or unethical behavior regarding accounting or auditing practices. 
 
 You may obtain a copy of our Code of Financial Ethics on our website at www.radnet.com under Investor Relations Corporate Governance. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the Code of Financial Ethics and amending as necessary. Any amendments will be disclosed on our website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 will be included under the captions Compensation of Directors, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, and "Executive Compensation Tables" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 will be included under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 will be included under the captions Compensation of Directors," "Compensation Committee Report," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", and "Executive Compensation Tables" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 will be included under the caption Fees Paid to Auditors in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 94 

95 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedule 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Page No . 
 The following financial statements are included in this report Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 58 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 to 86 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

96 

(3) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: 
 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on September 4, 2008). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation, dated September 2, 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on September 4, 2008). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020) . 
 4.1 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference the Description of Common Stock contained in the registration statement on Form S-3ASR filed on December 2 7 , 20 22). 
 10.1 Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of April 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 filed with Form S-8 on July 2, 2021). 
 10.2 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021). 
 10.3 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021). 
 10.4 Form of Stock Award Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021). 
 10.5 Form of Stock Units Agreement (deferred settlement) for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021). 
 10.6 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of May 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on May 9, 2016). 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on June 14, 2021). 
 10.8 Employment Agreement dated as of June 12, 1992 with Howard G. Berger, M.D. (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with an amendment to Form 8-K report for June 12, 1992; refiled herewith ). 
 10.9 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 30, 2004 with Howard G. Berger, M.D. (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2004). 
 10.10 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 16, 2015 with Howard G. Berger, M.D. (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 10-K on March 15, 2016 ). 
 10.11 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Mark D. Stolper (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022). 

97 

10.12 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Stephen M. Forthuber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022). 
 10.13 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Norman R. Hames (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022). 
 10.14 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Mital Patel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022). 
 10.15 Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with David J. Katz (filed herewith). 
 10.16 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement dated January 26, 2022 with Ruth Wilson. 
 10.17 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement dated February 24, 2022 with Christine Gordon . 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Management and Service Agreement between Radnet Management, Inc. and Beverly Radiology Medical Group III dated January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2003). 
 10.19 Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2021, by and among RadNet Management, Inc., a California corporation, RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation, certain subsidiaries and affiliates of RadNet Management, Inc., as Guarantors, the Lenders and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on April 26, 2021). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page attached hereto). 
 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302. 
 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302. 
 32.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 906. 
 32.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 906. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 98 

101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Furnished herewith. 

99 

Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 
 None 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 RADNET, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 /s/ HOWARD G. BERGER, M.D . Howard G. Berger, M.D., President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints Howard G. Berger, M.D. and Mark D. Stolper, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 By /s/ HOWARD G. BERGER, M.D. Howard G. Berger, M.D., Director, Chief Executive Officer and President Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ GREGORY E. SPURLOCK Gregory E. Spurlock, Director Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ RUTH VILLIGER-WILSON Ruth Villiger-Wilson, Director Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ DAVID L. SWARTZ David L. Swartz, Director 

100 

Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ LAWRENCE L. LEVITT Lawrence L. Levitt, Director Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ LAURA P. JACOBS Laura P. Jacobs, Director Date: March 1, 2023 By /s/ CHRISTINE GORDON Christine Gordon, Director Date: March 1, 2022 By /s/ MARK D. STOLPER Mark D. Stolper, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: March 1, 2023 

101 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 davidjkatz_employmentagr.htm
 EX-10.15

davidjkatz_employmentagr 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement Agreement is entered into as of September 1, 2022 (the Execution Date ), by and between RADNET MANAGEMENT, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and David J. Katz (the Employee ). As of the Execution Date, the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation RNI and together with the Company and any RNI or Company affiliated entity is collectively the Group ). In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Employment. The Company hereby agrees to continue to employ Employee in the capacity of Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of RNI and the Company. Employee accepts such continued employment and agrees to perform such services as are customary to such offices and as shall from time to time be assigned to him by the Company and which may include services to and positions with other Group entities for no additional compensation. Employee shall report to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and shall primarily work at the Company s facilities at 1510 Cotner Ave., Los Angeles, California subject to required business travel. Employee s employment hereunder shall commence on the Execution Date and shall continue until terminated as provided in Section 4. Employee s employment will be on a full-time basis requiring the devotion of such amount of his professional time as is necessary for the efficient operation of the business of the Company. Employee s employment with the Company is at-will and either Employee or the Group may terminate Employee s employment at any time and for any reason or no reason in each case subject to the terms and provisions of this Agreement. The at-will nature of Employee s employment cannot be changed except in a written agreement (that has been approved by the RNI Board of Directors Board which has been executed by the parties and which expressly recites that such at-will employment is being modified. Notwithstanding the above, and effective as of Effective Date, with prior written notice to the Company Chief Executive Officer, Employee shall be permitted to provide outside consulting services or hold directorships in companies, and/or positions with charitable organizations, trusts, passive business interests and personal investments, provided that doing so does not create a conflict of interest, and as long as such services are not provided to any competitor of the Group and do not materially interfere with Employee s performance of services to the Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may, without notice, continue after the Effective Date to provide such activities that Employee provided prior to the Effective Date. 2. Compensation and Benefits. 2.1. Salary. As ofthe Execution Date, for the performance of Employee s duties hereunder, the Company shall pay Employee an annual salary of 575,000 Base Compensation ), payable (after deducting required withholdings) in accordance with the Company s ordinary payroll practices. 2.2. Bonus. Employee will be eligible to participate in all Group bonus or incentive compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation plans that are generally available to Group executive officers. SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -1- 

2.3. Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to such medical, disability and life insurance coverage and such sick leave and holiday and vacation benefits, if any, and any other benefits as are made available to Group executive officers, all in accordance with the applicable benefits policies and programs in effect from time to time. Employee will accrue paid vacation on a pro-rata basis, in an amount equivalent to six (6) weeks per calendar year, subject to any and all accrual caps and rules and procedures established by Company policy regarding the use and accrual of vacation. Employee shall also be covered by any Group directors and officers liability insurance coverage during Employee s employment with the Company, as well as such other insurance coverage as the Group approves and/or is required by law. 2.4. Reimbursement of Expenses. Employee shall be entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable and necessary expenses, including but not limited to expenses for travel, meals and entertainment, incurred by Employee in connection with and reasonably related to the furtherance of the Company s business; provided, however, that the Company requires as a condition to such reimbursements, that Employee comply with the Company s expense reimbursement policies. Reasonable and necessary telephone, and internet expenses will be reimbursed in accordance with Company policy. In an effort to facilitate reimbursement of Employee s travel expenses, the Company shall provide Employee with an automobile allowance in the amount of 800 per calendar month. Additionally, the Company shall reimburse and/or pay for Employee s state bar fees, and other professional fees and subscriptions as approved by the Company. 2.5. Annual Review. The Board or, if delegated by such Board, its Compensation and Management Development Committee, will on an annual basis review Employee s performance and compensation hereunder (including salary, bonus and/or equity incentives). 2.6. Change in Control. Upon a Change in Control, the time-based vesting conditions of Employee s then-outstanding (if any) unvested Equity Awards (as defined below) shall be deemed to be fully satisfied. 3. Definitions. This section provides certain definitions that are used in this Agreement. 3.1. Adverse Change in Duties means an action or series of actions taken by the Company and/or the Board or Company Board of Directors, without Employee's prior written consent, which results in any one or more of the following: (i) a change in Employee's reporting structure, positions, titles, job duties or job functions which results in a material diminution of his status, control, authority or level of responsibility; (ii) a requirement by the Company that Employee be based or perform his duties more than ten miles away from the location specified in Section 1; (iii) a reduction by the Company in Employee's Base Compensation; or SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -2- 

(iv) for a Protected Fiscal Year, Employee s Post CiC Annual Incentive Compensation is less than the Post CiC Annual Incentive Compensation Threshold. 3.2. Cause shall mean any one or more of the following: (i) Employee's conviction of (or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to) (A) any felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving fraud or dishonesty in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder or moral turpitude; (ii) the willful and continued failure of Employee to substantially perform his duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from illness or Disability) after a written demand for substantial performance from the Company is delivered to Employee, which demand identifies the manner in which it is claimed Employee has not substantially performed his duties, (iii) Employee has willfully engaged in misconduct which has, or can reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the Group; or (iv) Employee's material breach of this Agreement or any other written agreement with the Group. No act or failure to act on Employee's part shall be considered willful unless Employee acted in bad faith or without a reasonable belief that Employee's action or omission was in the best interest of the Group. Solely to the extent that the Board determines in its reasonable discretion that the Cause conduct is curable, Employee shall have ten (10) business days after receipt of notice that the Group believes it has grounds to terminate Employee's employment for Cause to entirely cure the Cause conduct under subsections (ii) through (iv) above and its consequences to the satisfaction of the Board and thereby avoid termination of Employee's employment for Cause if so determined by the Board in its sole discretion. During any time period when the Group believes that (or is in the process of investigating whether) Employee may have committed an act of Cause (or has committed an act which could result in constituting Cause under any of the above subsection), the Company may in its discretion place Employee on a leave of absence and/or preclude Employee from utilizing Group resources or having access to Group premises. If after Employee's Termination Date which occurred due to a reason other than termination by the Company for Cause, the Group discovers that Employee's employment could have been terminated for Cause, then the Group may in its discretion recharacterize such termination as a termination for Cause 3.3. Change in Control has the same meaning provided to it (as of the Execution Date) in the RNI Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. SMRI:4859-6275-5885.3 -3- 

3.4. Disability shall mean that for a period of at least 120 days during any twelve (12) consecutive month period on account of a mental or physical condition, Employee is unable to perform the essential functions of his job for the Company, with or without reasonable accommodation. The determination of Employee s Disability shall be made by a medical physician selected or agreed to by the Group unless there is mutual agreement of the Company and Employee or his personal representative. All costs relating to the determination of whether Employee has incurred a Disability shall be paid by the Company. Employee shall submit to any examination that is reasonably required by an examining physician for purposes of determining whether a Disability exists. 3.5. Equity Awards means all outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and any other deferred equity compensation granted to Employee by RNI. 3.6. Fiscal Year means the fiscal year for RNI. 3.7. Good Reason means any one or more of the following have occurred without Employee's prior written consent: (i) the Company s material breach of this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Company and Employee; or (ii) an Adverse Change in Duties. In order for Employee to resign his employment for Good Reason, Employee must provide written notice to the Company within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the alleged Good Reason event and such notice must reasonably describe the facts claimed by Employee to constitute Good Reason and the alleged Good Reason event remains unremedied by the Company for a period of sixty (60) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice and Employee must resign his employment for Good Reason within sixty (60) business days after the expiration of the Company s sixty (60) day remedy period in which the Company did not cure or remedy the Good Reason event. 3.8. Incentive Compensation means, for the applicable Fiscal Year, the sum of Employee s cash bonus, stock awards, restricted stock units, performance stock units, option awards, and other equity and non-equity incentive compensation as measured on their respective grant dates in accordance with the rules of SEC Regulation S-K Item 402(c) (or as described in any successor provision(s) or definition(s)). 3.9. Pre CiC 3 Year Average Incentive Compensation means the average of the Incentive Compensation for the three Fiscal Years immediately preceding the Fiscal Year of a Change in Control. If Employee was employed by the Group for less than such three prior Fiscal Years then the Pre CiC 3 Year Average Incentive Compensation shall be calculated based only on the prior Fiscal Years in which Employee was employed by the Group. SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -4- 

3.10. Pre CiC Year Incentive Compensation means Incentive Compensation for the Fiscal Year immediately preceding the Fiscal Year of a Change in Control. If Employee was not employed by the Group in the prior Fiscal Year then the Pre CiC Year Incentive Compensation shall equal zero. 3.11. Prior 3 Year Average Cash Bonus means the dollar amount that is equal to the average cash portion of the annual bonus (if any) that was paid to Employee for the three Fiscal Years immediately preceding the Fiscal Year of the Termination Date. If Employee was employed by the Group for less than such three prior Fiscal Years then the Prior 3 Year Average Cash Bonus shall be calculated based only on the prior Fiscal Years in which Employee was employed by the Group. 3.12. Prior Year Cash Bonus means the dollar amount that is equal to the cash portion of the annual bonus (if any) that was paid to Employee for the Fiscal Year immediately preceding the Fiscal Year of the Termination Date. If Employee was not employed by the Group in the prior Fiscal Year then the Prior Year Cash Bonus shall equal zero. 3.13. Post CiC Annual Incentive Compensation means the Incentive Compensation for a Protected Fiscal Year. 3.14. Post CiC Annual Incentive Compensation Threshold means, for a Protected Fiscal Year, the lesser of (1) 1,000,000 or (2) the product of fifty percent (50 multiplied by the greater of the (i) Pre CiC 3 Year Average Incentive Compensation or the (ii) Pre CiC Year Incentive Compensation. 3.15. Protected Fiscal Year means each of the first two complete Fiscal Years immediately following the Fiscal Year in which the Change in Control occurs. 3.16. Severance Bonus means, as of the Termination Date, the greater of the Prior 3 Year Average Cash Bonus or the Prior Year Cash Bonus. 3.17. Severance Pay means a dollar amount that is equal to: (1) if the Termination Date occurs before March 1, 2025, then 3,000,000 or (2) if the Termination Date occurs on or after March 1, 2025, then (i) if the Years of Service is less than ten, the greater of (a) the sum of Employee s Base Compensation (measured as of the day before the Termination Date) plus the Severance Bonus, or (b) 200 , of Employee s Base Compensation (measured as of the day before the Termination Date) or (ii) if the Years of Service is at least ten, the sum of 200 of Employee s Base Compensation (measured as of the day before the Termination Date) plus 200 of the Severance Bonus. 3.18. Years of Service means, as of the Termination Date, the total whole number of years that the Employee had been continuously employed by the Group. For example, if Employee s commencement of employment with the Group was January 1, 2020 and the Termination Date was December 30, 2024, the Years of Service would equal four. 4, Termination. SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -5- 

4.1. Termination Events. Employee s employment hereunder will terminate upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following events (such last day of employment is the Termination Date ). (a) Employee dies. (b) the Company, by written notice to Employee or his personal representative, terminates Employee s employment due to Employee s Disability. ) Employee s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause. (d) Employee s employment is terminated by the Company for any reason, other than for Cause or Disability, which the Company may do at any time and for any or no reason. For the avoidance of doubt, a Change in Control, on its own, shall not constitute a termination, even if Employee s employer changes as a result of such Change in Control. (e) Employee terminates his employment due to Good Reason. 3) Employee voluntarily terminates his employment for any reason other than Good Reason, which Employee may do at any time with at least thirty (30) days advance notice to the Company. The Company may elect to accept Employee s voluntary resignation and accelerate the timing of the Termination Date without any obligation to make any further payments to Employee except for compensation then owed and due to Employee under Section 4.2(a). 42. Effects of Termination. (a) Upon termination of Employee s employment hereunder for any reason, the Company will pay Employee all compensation then owed and due to Employee and unpaid through the Termination Date (including without limitation Base Compensation and Employee s properly documented expense reimbursements). Employee may also be eligible for additional compensation as provided below in this Section 4.2. (b) If Employee s employment is terminated under Sections 4.1(a) or (b), provided that Employee (or his representative) timely signs and does not revoke a complete and general release of claims in a form to be reasonably determined by the Company (the Release ), and is in material compliance with this Agreement, upon the Termination Date the time-based vesting conditions of Employee s unvested Equity Awards shall be deemed to be fully satisfied, and subject to other terms of the Plan and applicable award agreement, Employee (or his representative) shall have up until the first anniversary of the Termination Date (or the applicable expiration date if earlier) to exercise his vested stock options including for avoidance of doubt those stock options which became vested pursuant to this Section 4.2(b). Additionally, if such termination occurred under Section 4.1(b), then not later than the fifteenth (15 day after the effective date of the Release, the Company shall also provide Employee with a lump sum payment equal to the sum of Employee s Base Compensation (measured as of the day before the SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -6- 

Termination Date) plus the Severance Bonus (provided that if Code Section 409A would be violated by the foregoing timing of payment then the timing of payment shall instead be made as provided in Section 4.2(c)(i)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the timing of all payments hereunder is subject to Section 5.16 and (y) the Release must be executed by Employee and become effective by its own terms within no more than 55 days after the Termination Date. Any outstanding equity compensation awards which had performance based vesting conditions that had yet to be satisfied shall be forfeited without consideration on the Termination Date. (c) If Employee s employment is terminated under Sections 4.1(d) or ), provided that Employee timely signs and does not revoke the Release in accordance with Section 4.2(b) and is in material compliance with this Agreement, then (subject to Section 5.16 and the following provisions in this paragraph) (i) the Company shall provide Employee with the Severance Pay, paid in substantially equal installments over the 24 months following the Termination Date in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices provided however that the first such installment (in a dollar amount covering the time period from the Termination Date through the date of such first installment) shall commence with the fifteenth day after the effective date of the Release and the last installment shall occur on the second anniversary of the Termination Date and (ii) the time-based vesting conditions of Employee s unvested Equity Awards shall be deemed to be fully satisfied on the Termination Date. If a Change in Control had occurred within twelve months prior to the Termination Date then the Severance Pay shall instead be paid in a single lump sum on the fifteenth day after the effective date of the Release. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any portion (or all) of the Severance Pay that would be paid in a lump sum would violate Code Section 409A, then such amount shall instead be paid in installments pursuant to the installment payment provisions of this section. Any outstanding equity compensation awards which had performance based vesting conditions that had yet to be satisfied shall be forfeited without consideration on the Termination Date. In addition, conditioned on the timely effectiveness of the Release, the Company shall (1) pay the cost of the premium for Employee to receive continuation coverage (as defined in the Consolidation Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA )) under the Company s (or RNI s) group medical plan until the earlier of (a) the second anniversary of the Termination Date or (b) the maximum time for which COBRA continuation coverage is permitted under applicable law or (c) the date on which Employee obtains substantially equivalent benefits from another party and (2) continue to provide Employee with life insurance coverage in accordance with the Company s (or RNI s) benefits program until the earlier of (d) the second anniversary of the Termination Date or ) the date on which Employee obtains substantially equivalent benefits from another party (the foregoing items (1) and (2) are collectively the Health Benefits ). If Employee secures other employment and has access to benefits offered by the new employer, Employee agrees that he will promptly notify the Company in writing of such employment and coverage. In no event will the Company s payment of the cost for such COBRA premiums extend beyond the total continuation coverage period for Employee under COBRA. If Employee was not covered under a Company or RNI group medical plan on the Termination Date and was instead covered under another medical plan Other Plan ), then the Company shall each calendar month provide Employee with a cash payment equal to the lesser of the amount the Company would have had to pay for COBRA coverage if Employee was covered on a Company SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -7- 

or RNI group medical plan or the amount needed to maintain Employee s coverage under the Other Plan with any such payments terminating on the earlier occurrence of clause (b) or (c) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of the premiums on Employee s behalf would result in a violation of the nondiscrimination rules of Code Section 105(h)(2) or any statute or regulation of similar effect (including but not limited to the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then the Company shall instead each month during the period in which Employee is receiving continuation coverage provide Employee with a taxable payment equal to the amount of the Company-portion of the premiums which Employee may, but is not required to, use towards the cost of coverage. 4.3. Confidentiality Agreement and Return of Property. During Employee s employment with the Group, the parties acknowledge that the Company has provided and will continue to provide to Employee confidential information and trade secrets of the Group and its business. In connection with such confidential information, Employee acknowledges that has he previously executed the confidentiality agreement attached as Exhibit A and that he reaffirms his duties and obligations under such agreement and that he will remain in compliance with this confidentiality agreement as may be amended from time to time by the Company. Upon or before the Termination Date, Employee shall return to the Company any and all confidential information relating to the Group and its business and shall not retain any copies, reproductions, summaries, or facsimiles of such confidential information. 5. General Provisions. 5.1. Assignment. Employee shall not assign or delegate any of his rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, and any attempted assignment without the Company s consent shall be void ab initio. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor of the Company or any purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 5.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior agreements between the parties relating to such subject matter including without limitation the employment agreement by and between Employee and the Company dated March 2, 2020. In the case of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any equity compensation award agreement or similar instrument between the Parties, the terms of this Agreement shall control except in the case of an equity compensation award that is outstanding as of the Execution Date and in such case the outstanding equity compensation agreement shall control with respect to terms that are more favorable to Employee than under this Agreement. 5.3. Modifications. This Agreement may be changed or modified only by an agreement in writing signed by both parties hereto. 5.4. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and permitted assigns and Employee and Employee s legal representatives, heirs, legatees, distributees, assigns and SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -8- 

transferees by operation of law, whether or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have agreed in writing to join and be bound by the terms and conditions hereof. 5.5. Governing Law. This Agreement is performable in whole or in part in Los Angeles County, California wherein exclusive venue shall lie for any proceeding, claim or controversy. This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including all matters of construction, validity, performance and enforcement, and without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties represent and agree that the Company is engaged in interstate commerce, and as such Section 5.12 of this Agreement will be interpreted and enforced pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Section 1, ef seq., and not any contrary state law. 5.6. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect. 5.7. Further Assurances. The parties will execute such further instruments and take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 5.8. Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed received by the recipient when delivered personally or, if mailed, five days after the date of deposit in the United States mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid and addressed, in the case of the Company, to Radnet Management, Inc., 1510 Cotner Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025-3303, attention: Chief Executive Officer; and in the case of Employee, to the address shown for Employee on the signature page hereof. 5.9. No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision, nor prevent that party thereafter from enforcing that provision of any other provision of this Agreement. 5.10. Legal Fees and Expenses. In the event of any disputes under this Agreement, each party shall be responsible for its own legal fees and expenses which it may incur in resolving such dispute, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law or a court of competent jurisdiction. 5.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 5.12. Arbitration. Except as may otherwise be expressly provided in a written agreement by and between the Group and Employee, any controversy, dispute or claim Claim whatsoever between Employee, on the one hand, and Group, or any of its employees, directors, officers, and agents (collectively Company Parties ), on the other hand, except as excluded below, shall be resolved by binding arbitration, at the request of either party, in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -9- 

Association AAA or other similar organization agreed to by the parties. The claims covered by this Agreement include, but are not limited to, claims for wages and other compensation, claims for breach of contract (express or implied), tort claims, claims for discrimination or harassment (including, but not limited to, based on race, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, age, marital status, medical condition, or disability), and claims for violation of any federal, state, or other government law, statute, regulation or ordinance, except for claims for worker s compensation or unemployment insurance benefits. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit Employee from filing a charge of discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and/or the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, and cooperating in the investigation of such. This provision does not apply to or cover claims based upon a benefit plan that contains an arbitration or other dispute resolution procedure, in which case the provisions of such plan shall apply. Further, either Employee or the Group in a court of competent jurisdiction, may seek to compel arbitration under this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award or to obtain preliminary injunctive and/or other equitable relief in support of claims to be prosecuted in an arbitration to the extent allowed by California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281.8. The chosen arbitration administrator shall give each party a list of names drawn from its panel of employment arbitrators. The arbitrator shall apply California substantive law and the California Evidence Code to the proceeding. The demand for arbitration must be in writing and made within the applicable statute of limitations period. The arbitration shall take place in Los Angeles County, California. The parties shall be entitled to conduct reasonable discovery, including, without limitation, conducting depositions, requesting documents and propounding interrogatories. The arbitrator shall have the authority to resolve discovery disputes, including but not limited to determining what constitutes reasonable discovery. The arbitrator shall prepare in writing and provide to the parties a decision and award, which shall include factual findings and the reasons upon which a decision is based. Except as may be stated otherwise above, any and all arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with the Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the AAA. Except as otherwise required by law, the decision of the arbitrator shall be binding and conclusive on the parties. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having proper jurisdiction. The fees for the arbitrator shall be paid by the Group. Each party shall bear its or his own fees and costs incurred in connection with the arbitration except for any attorneys fees or costs which are awarded to a party by the Arbitrator pursuant to a statute or contract which provides for recovery of such fees and/or costs from the other party. The arbitrator s authority to resolve disputes and make awards under this Agreement is limited to disputes between (1) Employee as an individual and the Group and (2) Employee as an individual and any past or present owner, shareholder, director, officer, partner, member, associate, employee, intern, service provider, consultant or agent of the Group. No arbitration award or decision will have any preclusive effect as to issues or arbitrable claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a named party to the arbitration. Employee and the Group agree that each may file claims against the other only in their individual capacities, and may not file SMRI:4859-6275-5885.3 -10- 

claims as a plaintiff and/or participate as a class member in any pending or future class and/or collective action against the other. Employee and the Group agree that any class, collective, or representative claims that are found not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be resolved in court, and are stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration. Employee and the Group agree that a court, not an arbitrator, shall determine whether any claims must proceed on a class or collective basis. Except as provided in this Agreement, arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Employee and the Group. Both the Group and the Employee understand and agree that by using arbitration to resolve any Claims between Employee and Company or any or all the Company Parties they are giving up any right that they may have to a judge or jury trial with regard to those Claims. 5.13. Group Policies. Employee understands and agrees that he will subject to and will fully comply with all Group policies and procedures (as each may be amended from time to time) including without limitation any insider trading policy, policy on recoupment of compensation, stock ownership guidelines, or policy on confidentiality and proprietary information. 5.14. Representations and Covenants. Employee represents and warrants to the Group all of the following items referenced in this Section. Employee has the legal right to enter into this Agreement and to perform the obligations on Employee s part to be performed hereunder in accordance with its terms, and Employee is not a party to any agreement or understanding, written or oral, and is not subject to any restriction, which, in either case, could prevent Employee from entering into this Agreement or performing Employee s duties and obligations hereunder. Except as Employee has disclosed in writing to the Group, Employee is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from using or disclosing any trade secret or confidential or proprietary information in the course of Employee s work for the Group or to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or any other party. Employee s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as an employee of the Company does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by Employee in confidence or in trust prior to Employee s work for the Group, and Employee will not disclose to the Group or induce the Group to use any confidential information or material belonging to any previous employer or others. Employee will not make (or direct or ask anyone to make) any disparaging statements (oral or written) about the Group or any of its officers, directors, managers, employees, members, stockholders, representatives or agents, or any of the Group s products or services or work-in- progress. Employee shall cooperate with the Group and its representatives before and after the Termination Date in connection with any action, investigation, proceeding, litigation or otherwise with regard to matters in which Employee has knowledge as a result of Employee s service with the Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee understands that pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -11- 

an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (1) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (2) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Employee understands that nothing in this Agreement precludes Employee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation. Employee does not need the prior authorization to make any such reports or disclosures and Employee is not required to notify the Group that Employee has made such reports or disclosures. 5.15. Force Majeure. If due to labor disputes, government regulations, war, pandemic, natural disaster, other calamity, or other similar unexpected unique circumstances (collectively, Force Majeure the Company in good faith believes it is unable to fully utilize Employee s services or cannot fully provide Employee with the compensation and benefits required under this Agreement, then the Company shall have the right upon twenty-four (24) hours prior written notice to Employee to suspend/reduce Employee s services and/or reduce/eliminate compensation and benefits for the duration of such Force Majeure, or for any part thereof; provided that such suspension or reduction in compensation and benefits shall end as soon as such Force Majeure event is over (as determined in good faith by the Company). This Section 5.15 shall apply only if at the time of a Force Majeure event, the Companys Chief Executive Officer is someone who was a Company executive officer on the Execution Date. 5.16. Taxes and Section 409A. All payments made by the Group to Employee will be subject to tax withholding in amounts determined by the Group pursuant to applicable laws or regulations and Employee shall be solely responsible for any taxes, additional taxes, excise taxes, penalties and/or interest imposed on Employee as a result of this Agreement or due to any other payments or benefits provided by the Group. To the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement is intended to not constitute a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A Section 409A but in any event will be interpreted to comply with Section 409A. In the event this Agreement or any benefit paid under this Agreement or otherwise by the Group to Employee is deemed to be subject to Section 409A, Employee consents to the Group's adoption of such conforming amendments as the Group deems advisable or necessary, in its sole discretion (but without an obligation to do so), to comply with Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A. For purposes of this Agreement, a termination of employment means a separation from service as defined in Section 409A. Each payment made pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or otherwise shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Section 409A. To the extent any nonqualified deferred compensation payment to Employee could be paid in one or more of Employee s taxable years depending upon Employee completing certain employment-related actions (including without SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -12- 

limitation executing the Release), then any such payments will commence or occur in the later taxable year to the extent required by Section 409A. If upon Employee s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, Employee is then a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A) of RNI, then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, the Group shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A payable as a result of and within six (6) months following such separation from service until the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh month following Employee s separation from service, or (ii) ten (10) days after the Company receives written confirmation of Employee s death. Any such delayed payments shall be made without interest. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have executed this Agreement, effective as of the Execution Date. COMPANY: EMPLOYEE: RADNET MANAGEMENT, INC. DAVID J. KATZ By: poor pho nz Howard G. Berger, M.D., President SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -13- 

EXHIBIT A CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT SMRH:4859-6275-5885.3 -14- 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a10k2022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Radnet Managed Imaging Services, Inc. California Radnet Management, Inc. California Radnet Management I, Inc. California Radnet Management II, Inc. California Radnet Sub, Inc. California Beach Imaging Group, LLC California Diagnostic Village, LLC California FRI II, Inc. California FRI, Inc. California Glendale Advanced Imaging Center, LLC California Mission Advanced Imaging Center, LLC California Orange County Radiation Oncology, LLC California Pacific Imaging Partners, Inc. California Rolling Oaks Imaging Corporation California Rolling Oaks Radiology, Inc. California Santa Monica Imaging Group, LLC California SoCal MR Site Management, Inc. California Valley Imaging Partners, Inc. California Ventura County Imaging Group, LLC California West Valley Imaging Group, LLC California RMIS Imaging Services, Inc. Canada Advanced Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Advanced NA, LLC Delaware American Radiology Services of Delaware, Inc. Delaware American Radiology Services LLC Delaware Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group, LLC Delaware Arizona Imaging Services, LLC Delaware Community Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware DeepHealth, Inc. Delaware Delaware Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Diagnostic Imaging Services, Inc. Delaware Ide Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Image Medical Corporation Delaware Mid Rockland Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Nulogix Health, Inc. Delaware Orange County Radiation Oncology, LLC Delaware PantheonXT Partners, LLC Delaware Quantib Inc. Delaware Radiologix, Inc. Delaware Radiology Alliance Delivery Systems, LLC Delaware Radiology and Nuclear Medicine Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Radsite LLC Delaware Raven Holdings U.S., Inc. Delaware 

RMI Scheduling, Inc. Delaware Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC Delaware Treasure Coast Imaging Partners, Inc. Delaware Questar Imaging, Inc. Florida Questar Victorville, Inc. Florida Scriptsender, LLC Florida Kepdoktor Kft Hungary Advanced Imaging at Timonium Crossing, LLC Maryland Advanced Imaging Center at St. Joseph Medical Center, LLC Maryland Advanced PET Imaging of Maryland, L.P. Maryland Advanced Radiology, LLC Maryland Advanced Upper Chesapeake Health Center, LLC Maryland Baltimore County Radiology, LLC Maryland Baltimore Washington Imaging Center, LLC Maryland Calvert Medical Imaging Centers, LLC Maryland Carroll County Radiology, LLC Maryland Franklin Imaging, LLC Maryland Frederick County Radiology, LLC Maryland Greater Baltimore Diagnostic Imaging Partnership Maryland Montgomery Community Magnetic Imaging Center Limited Partnership Maryland Mount Airy Imaging Center, LLC Maryland Radar Medical Systems, LLC Michigan DH AI International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Quantib B.V. Netherlands Aidence B.V. Netherlands Imaging On Call, LLC New York Imaging Services Company of New York, LLC New York Park West Circle Realty, LLC New York Garden State Radiology Network, LLC New Jersey Health Diagnostics of New Jersey, LLC New Jersey Integrated Health Network, Inc. New Jersey New Jersey Imaging Network, LLC New Jersey New Jersey Imaging Partners, Inc. New Jersey eRad, Inc. Pennsylvania Healthcare Rhode Island, LLC Rhode Island Roentgen Reinsurance Company, Ltd Turks and Caicos Aidence UK, Ltd United Kingdom Heart and Lung Imaging Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a10k2022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 a. Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-269025) of RadNet, Inc., 
 b. Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-176324, 333-206311 and 333-219824) pertaining to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 
 c. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238874) pertaining to the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan of DeepHealth, Inc. and 
 d. Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333- 257638) pertaining to the RadNet, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 q42022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Howard G. Berger, M.D., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of RadNet, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 

s Howard G. Berger, M.D. Howard G. Berger, M.D. President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 q42022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark D. Stolper, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of RadNet, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and 
 have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated March 1, 2023 
 
 s Mark D. Stolper Mark D. Stolper Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 q42022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of RadNet, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Howard G. Berger, M.D., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s Howard G. Berger, M.D. Howard G. Berger, M.D. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 q42022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of RadNet, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Mark D. Stolper, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 
 
 s Mark D. Stolper Mark D. Stolper Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rdnt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 rdnt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rdnt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rdnt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rdnt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

