<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_821130_0000821130-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14020513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>359376</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2993338</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4314519</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3325444</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2804001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000821130-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216162149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000821130-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000821130
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				621147325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09712
		FILM NUMBER:		23638795

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8410 W BRYN MAWR AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7733998900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8410 W BRYN MAWR AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60631

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000821130-23-000007.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 usm-20221231.htm
 10-K

usm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Shares held by non-affiliates was approximately million, based upon the closing price of the Common Shares on June 30, 2022, of , as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. For purposes hereof, United States Cellular Corporation (UScellular) has assumed that each director and executive officer is an affiliate, and no party who has filed a Schedule 13G is an affiliate. 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of January 31, 2023, is Common Shares, 1 par value, and Series A Common Shares, 1 par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Those sections or portions of the registrant s Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement (Proxy Statement) to be filed prior to April 30, 2023, for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held May 16, 2023, are herein incorporated by reference into Parts II and III of this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I 
 Page No. Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 78 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 78 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 78 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 79 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 86 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 United States Cellular Corporation (UScellular) provides wireless telecommunications services to customers with 4.7 million retail connections in portions of 21 states collectively representing a total population of 32 million. UScellular operates in one reportable segment, and all of its wireless operating markets are in the United States. UScellular is a majority-owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. As of December 31, 2022, TDS owns 84 of UScellular s Common Shares, has the voting power to elect all of the directors of UScellular and controls 96 of the voting power in matters other than the election of directors of UScellular. 
 
 The map below highlights areas of operation of UScellular s wireless operating markets. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Strategy and Community Focus 
 UScellular s strategy is to attract and retain customers by providing a high-quality network, outstanding customer service, and competitive devices, plans and pricing - all provided with a community focus. 
 UScellular operates a regional wireless network. UScellular s interests in wireless spectrum licenses include both direct interests whereby UScellular is the licensee and investment interests in entities which are licensees; together, these direct and investment interests involve operating and non-operating wireless spectrum licenses covering portions of 30 states and a total population of approximately 51 million at December 31, 2022. 
 As part of its business development strategy, UScellular may periodically be engaged in negotiations relating to strategic partnerships and/or the acquisition, exchange or disposition of companies, strategic properties, investment interests or wireless spectrum, including through Federal Communications Commission (FCC) auctions. The FCC conducts auctions through which additional spectrum is made available for the provision of wireless services. Historically, UScellular has participated in certain FCC auctions both directly and indirectly through its limited partnership interests. 
 UScellular has a longstanding commitment to supporting its local communities through donations and volunteerism. UScellular focuses its Corporate Social Responsibility program on addressing gaps in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) education and connecting tomorrow s innovators with the resources they need today to help shape their future opportunities. UScellular serves its local communities through exclusive partnerships with acclaimed national nonprofit partners. In 2022, UScellular continued exploring ways to leverage its assets, brand, partnerships, and resources to close the digital divide with a focus on helping to ensure youth in its markets have reliable and fast internet access in school and at home through the After School Access Project. In addition, UScellular continues to contribute to the TDS Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program. UScellular believes in serving as a good steward of the environment and enacting governance practices that align with its corporate values and commitment to its customers, associates and its communitie s. 
 Customers, Services, Products and Seasonality 
 Customers. UScellular focuses on consumer, business and government customers located in its operating markets. These customers are served primarily through UScellular s retail, digital platform, as well as its direct and indirect sales channels. 
 Services. UScellular provides a wide variety of wireless services accessible on a broad range of devices. Customers can obtain wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. A single account may include monthly wireless services for a variety of handsets, connected devices and IoT Solutions. A postpaid connection represents an individual line of service for a device for which a customer is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. UScellular s prepaid service enables individuals to obtain services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. Approximately 90 of retail connections were postpaid connections as of December 31, 2022. 
 UScellular offers various service plans with nationwide coverage tailored to the needs of customers. Depending on those needs, service plans may include features related to, among other items: unlimited or metered voice and data; high definition video features; the ability to use a device as a Wi-Fi hotspot; international voice, text, and data; and varying data rates depending on the plan and usage on that plan. Service offerings vary from time to time based on customer needs, technology changes and market conditions - and may be provided as standard plans or as part of limited time promotional offers. 
 UScellular offers home and business internet throughout the footprint via fixed wireless access. Options include an in-home self-installed device and externally-mounted professionally-installed equipment with an internal router. Additional routers are available for a whole-home Wi-Fi experience. In addition to selling direct to businesses and residential homes, UScellular works with several municipalities to bring broadband internet to underserved communities. 
 UScellular offers advanced wireless solutions to consumers and business and government customers including "home and business internet", a fast-growing and expansive suite of connected Internet of things (IoT) solutions and software applications across the categories of monitor and control (e.g., sensors and cameras), business automation/operations (e.g., e-forms, office solutions), communication (e.g., enterprise messaging, primary and back-up internet connectivity for business continuity), fleet and asset management, smart water solutions, private cellular networks and custom, bespoke end-to-end IoT solutions et al. Additionally, for first responders, UScellular offers a suite of critical connectivity solutions that includes Wireless Priority Services (WPS) and Quality Priority and Preemption (QPP) options. UScellular intends to continue to further enhance these offerings in 2023 and beyond. 
 Products. UScellular offers a comprehensive range of devices such as smartphones and other handsets, tablets, wearables, mobile hotspots, fixed wireless home internet, and IoT devices. In addition, UScellular also offers a wide range of accessories, including wireless essentials such as cases, screen protectors, chargers, memory cards and consumer electronics such as audio, home automation and networking products. UScellular allows customers to purchase certain devices and accessories on installment plans, allowing for customers to pay over a specified period of time. 
 UScellular also offers services that enable customers to replace or repair their devices, including the Device Protection+ program, which provides as soon as next-day delivery of a replacement device for damaged, lost and stolen devices, and AppleCare services for Apple iOS customers. UScellular's Device Protection+ Advanced program also includes local or on-demand repair for eligible devices. In addition, UScellular offers a Trade-In program through which UScellular buys customers' used equipment. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 UScellular purchases devices and accessory products from a number of original equipment manufacturers and distributors. UScellular manages relationships with its suppliers to ensure its customers have access to the industry's latest devices, to obtain best possible pricing, and to identify opportunities for promotional support from its suppliers. UScellular contracts with third party providers for the majority of its product warehousing, distribution and direct customer fulfillment activities. UScellular also contracts with third party providers for its device service programs. 
 Seasonality. Seasonality in operating expenses may cause operating income to vary from quarter to quarter. UScellular s operating expenses tend to be higher in the fourth quarter due to increased marketing and promotional activities during the holiday season. 
 Sales and Distribution Channels 
 UScellular supports a multi-faceted distribution program, including retail sales, direct sales, telesales, ecommerce, indirect sales, independent agents and third-party national retailers. 
 Company retail store locations are designed to market wireless services and products to the consumer and small business segments in a setting familiar to these types of customers. Direct sales representatives and the indirect channel sell traditional wireless services as well as IoT and other specialized products and solutions to medium and large-sized businesses and governmental entities. Additionally, the telesales and ecommerce channels enable customers to purchase services and devices via phone and online, respectively. 
 UScellular has relationships with exclusive and non-exclusive agents (collectively agents ), which are independent businesses that obtain customers for UScellular on a commission basis. UScellular s agents are generally in the business of selling wireless devices, wireless service plans and other related products. UScellular provides support and training to its agents to increase customer satisfaction and to ensure a consistent customer experience. 
 In order to expand its retail presence, UScellular also maintains relationships with national retailers, primarily selling prepaid devices. 
 Competition 
 The wireless telecommunication industry is highly competitive. UScellular competes directly with several wireless service providers in each of its markets. In general, there are between three and four competitors in each wireless market in which UScellular provides service, excluding resellers and mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). In its footprint, UScellular competes to varying degrees against each of the national wireless companies: Verizon, AT T, T-Mobile USA, and an emerging Dish as the fourth national carrier, in addition to smaller regional carriers, cable and other MVNOs in specific areas of its footprint. In addition, UScellular competes with other companies that use alternative communication technology and services to provide similar services and products. 
 Since each of these competitors operates on systems using spectrum licensed by the FCC and has comparable technology and facilities, competition among wireless service providers for customers is principally on the basis of types of services and products, price, brand, size of area covered, network quality, network speed and responsiveness of customer service. Types of services and products include non wireless related services such as content offerings that are bundled with wireless services. 
 Network 
 Network Technology. Wireless telecommunication systems transmit voice and data signals over networks of radio towers using radio spectrum licensed by the FCC. Access to local, regional, national and worldwide telecommunications networks is provided through system interconnections. A high-quality network, supported by continued investments in that network, is an important factor for UScellular to remain competitive. 
 5G technology helps address customers growing demand for data services and enhances services, including high-speed fixed wireless home internet services, requiring high speed and reliability as well as low latency. UScellular's low-band and high-band spectrum is currently supporting mobility and fixed wireless services. UScellular has acquired mid-band spectrum which it will deploy in the future to further enable the delivery of 5G services. UScellular has launched commercial 5G services in portions of substantially all of its markets and will continue to launch in additional areas in the coming years. 
 UScellular also operates a VoLTE network. VoLTE technology allows customers to utilize a 4G LTE and 5G network for voice and 4G LTE data services which offers enhanced services such as high definition voice and simultaneous voice and data sessions. 
 Roaming. Inter-carrier roaming agreements are negotiated between wireless operators to enable customers to use wireless services outside of their home service area. UScellular has entered into roaming agreements with a number of wireless companies in order to offer its customers nationwide services, including 4G LTE, VoLTE and 5G, as well as a variety of international roaming options. 
 Towers . UScellular owns and leases cell towers to provide service to its customers throughout its footprint. In addition, UScellular receives tower rental revenues when another carrier leases tower space on a UScellular owned tower. As of December 31, 2022, there were 6,945 cell sites in service and UScellular owned 4,336 towers. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 UScellular s operations are subject to federal, state and local regulation. Key regulatory considerations are discussed below. 
 The construction, operation and transfer of wireless systems in the United States are regulated to varying degrees by the FCC pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (Communications Act). The FCC currently does not require wireless carriers to comply with a number of statutory provisions otherwise applicable to common carriers that provide, originate or terminate interstate or international telecommunications. However, the FCC has enacted regulations governing construction and operation of wireless systems, licensing (including renewal of wireless spectrum licenses) and technical standards for the provision of wireless services under the Communications Act. 
 Wireless spectrum licenses segmented by geographic areas are granted by the FCC. The completion of acquisitions, involving the transfer of control of all or a portion of a wireless system, requires prior FCC approval. The FCC determines on a case-by-case basis whether an acquisition of wireless spectrum licenses is in the public interest. Wireless spectrum licenses are granted generally for a ten-year term or, in some cases, for a twelve-year or fifteen-year term. The FCC establishes the standards for conducting comparative renewal proceedings between a wireless license holder seeking renewal of its license and challengers filing competing applications. All of UScellular s wireless spectrum licenses for which it applied for renewal since 1995 have been renewed. UScellular expects to continue to meet the criteria of the FCC s license renewal process. 
 As part of its data services, UScellular provides internet access. Such internet access services may be subject to different regulatory requirements than other wireless services. 
 Although the Communications Act generally pre-empts state and local governments from regulating the entry of, or the rates charged by wireless carriers, certain state and local governments regulate other terms and conditions of wireless services, including billing, termination of service arrangements, imposition of early termination fees, advertising, network outages, the use of handsets while driving, zoning, land use, privacy, data security and consumer protection. Further, the Federal Aviation Administration also regulates the siting, lighting and construction of transmitter towers and antennae. 
 Reference is made to Item 7 of this Form 10-K under Regulatory Matters for information regarding any other significant recent developments and proposals relating to regulatory matters. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 UScellular had approximately 4,900 full-time and part-time associates as of December 31, 2022. The culture at UScellular is based upon the fundamental belief that UScellular s long-term success is inextricably tied to associate engagement and high ethical standards. UScellular's Code of Conduct sets forth expectations for ethical behavior across the enterprise and provides the guiding principles by which all associates must abide in all business activities. UScellular provides a competitive wage and benefits package, a safe workplace, and an environment where associates feel engaged and included. UScellular regularly surveys its associates - those surveys have consistently shown that associates have strong engagement and high overall job satisfaction. 
 UScellular strives to build a diverse and inclusive workforce, which leads to broader diversity of thoughts, ideas and the innovation needed to move the business forward. UScellular wants its associates to feel supported without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law. UScellular is committed to demonstrating equity and fairness through the inclusion of diverse associates, customers, and suppliers. Additionally, UScellular supports numerous associate resource groups to promote diverse and inclusive experiences that align with UScellular s vision and values, increase associate engagement and empowerment, and support professional development. 
 Since its founding, UScellular has been committed to associate development, which is critical to its success. UScellular provides job specific, diversity and inclusion, safety, and fraud awareness training for all associates and also offers programs to further develop its associates including educational assistance, developmental assignments, and mentoring programs. 
 UScellular is committed to supporting and enhancing the communities it serves through local and philanthropic initiatives that enrich the lives of those living where it operates and where its associates live, work and play. UScellular encourages associates to volunteer and support local organizations and community groups. Local communities are at the center of UScellular s business, and it takes great pride in giving back to the people and places that contribute to its sustainability and long-term success. 
 Company Information 
 UScellular s website address is www.uscellular.com. UScellular files with, or furnishes to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, as well as various other information. Investors may access, free of charge, through the Investor Relations portion of the website, UScellular s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practical after such material is filed electronically with the SEC. The public may also view electronic filings of UScellular by accessing SEC filings at www.sec.gov. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 SAFE HARBOR CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including exhibits, contains statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that UScellular intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The words believes, anticipates, estimates, expects, plans, intends, projects and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include those set forth below under Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. Each of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. However, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements. UScellular undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K to understand the material risks relating to UScellular s business. 
 Operational Risk Factors 
 1) Intense competition involving products, services, pricing, promotions and network speed and technologies could adversely affect UScellular s revenues or increase its costs to compete. 
 Competition in the wireless industry is intense and is expected to remain intense in the future due to multiple factors such as increasing market penetration, introduction of new products, new competitors, increasing promotional aggressiveness and changing prices. There is competition in service plan pricing; handsets and other devices; promotional discounts; network quality, coverage, speed and technologies, including 5G technology; distribution; new entrants; bundled services and products, such as content; and other categories. In particular, wireless competition includes aggressive service plan and device pricing, including pricing for unlimited plans, which could result in switching activity and churn and limit UScellular's ability to monetize future growth in data usage. In addition, competition based on network speed may increase as customer demand for higher speeds increases. UScellular anticipates that these competitive factors may continue to result in losses of retail connections, and may cause the prices for services and products to decline and the costs to compete to increase. 
 UScellular s primary competitors are national or global telecommunications and cable companies that are larger than UScellular, possess greater financial and other resources, possess more extensive coverage areas and more spectrum within their coverage areas, and market other services with their communications services that UScellular does not offer. UScellular and its competitors are actively marketing their deployment of 5G and, as a result, are raising consumer awareness of the technology. If UScellular cannot keep pace with its competitors in deploying 5G or other comparable offerings, or if UScellular's deployment of 5G technology does not result in significant incremental revenues, UScellular's financial condition, results of operations or ability to do business could continue to be adversely affected. In addition, new technologies, services and products that are more commercially effective than the technologies, services and products offered by UScellular may be developed and create new sources of competition. Further, new technologies may be proprietary such that UScellular is not able to adopt such technologies. There can be no assurance that UScellular will be able to compete successfully in this environment. 
 Sources of competition to UScellular s business typically include three to four competing wireless telecommunications service providers in each market, wireline telecommunications service providers, cable companies, resellers (including MVNOs), and providers of alternative telecommunications services. Competition from cable companies has increased in recent periods, as they have continued to expand their presence in the wireless industry and have offered more competitive pricing. Many of UScellular s wireless competitors and other competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources than UScellular. 
 2) Changes in roaming practices or other factors could cause UScellular's roaming revenues to decline from current levels, roaming expenses to increase from current levels and/or impact UScellular's ability to service its customers in geographic areas where UScellular does not have its own network, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular s service revenues include roaming revenues related to the use of UScellular s network by other carriers customers who travel within UScellular s coverage areas. Changes in FCC rules or actions, industry practices or the network footprints of carriers due to mergers, acquisitions or network expansions could have an adverse effect on UScellular s roaming revenues. For example, consolidation among other carriers which have network footprints that currently overlap UScellular s network, the expansion of other carriers' network coverage in UScellular's footprint, and/or lower roaming rates with other carriers are expected to continue to decrease future roaming revenues for UScellular. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Similarly, UScellular's customers can access another carrier s network automatically only if the other carrier allows UScellular's customers to roam on its network. UScellular relies on roaming agreements with other carriers to provide roaming capability to its customers and expand its product offerings in areas of the U.S. and internationally outside of its service areas and to improve coverage within selected areas of UScellular's network footprint. Although UScellular has entered into roaming agreements with national carriers, there is no assurance that UScellular will be able to maintain these agreements and/or enter into new agreements with other carriers to provide roaming services or that it will be able to do so on reasonable or cost-effective terms. 
 Some competitors may be able to obtain lower roaming rates than UScellular is able to obtain because they have larger data usage or call volumes or may be able to reduce roaming charges by providing service principally over their own networks. In addition, the quality and availability of services that a wireless carrier delivers to a UScellular customer while roaming may be inferior or limited in comparison to the service UScellular provides. UScellular s rate of adoption of new technologies, such as those enabling high-speed data and voice services, could affect its ability to enter into or maintain roaming agreements with other carriers. In addition, UScellular s wireless technology may not be compatible with technologies used by other carriers, which may limit the ability of UScellular to enter into voice or data roaming agreements with such other carriers. Carriers whose customers roam on UScellular s network could switch their business to new operators, limit their high-speed usage or, over time, move traffic to their own networks. Changes in roaming usage patterns, rates for roaming usage, or roaming relationships with other carriers could continue to have an adverse effect on UScellular s roaming revenues and/or expenses. 
 To the extent that other carriers expand their networks in UScellular s service areas, the roaming arrangements between UScellular and these other carriers could become less strategic for them. That is, these other carriers will have fewer or less extensive geographic areas where roaming services are required by their customers and, as a result, the roaming arrangements could become less critical to serving their customer base. This presents a risk to UScellular in that, to the extent UScellular is not able to enter into economically viable roaming arrangements with these other carriers, this could impact UScellular s ability to service its customers in geographic areas where UScellular does not have its own network. 
 3) A failure by UScellular to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio spectrum could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular s business depends on the ability to use portions of the radio spectrum licensed by the FCC. UScellular could fail to obtain access to sufficient spectrum capacity, including spectrum needed to support 5G technology, in new or existing markets, whether through FCC auctions or other transactions, in order to meet the anticipated spectrum requirements associated with increased demand for existing services, especially increases in customer demand for data services and network speed, and to enable deployment of next-generation services. UScellular believes that this increased demand for data services and network speed reflects a trend that will continue for the foreseeable future. Data usage, including usage under unlimited plans, could exceed current forecasts resulting in a need for increased investment in spectrum or other network components. UScellular could fail to accurately forecast its future spectrum requirements considering changes in plan offerings, customer usage patterns, technology requirements and the expanded demands of new services. Such a failure could have an adverse impact on the quality of UScellular s services or UScellular s ability to roll out such future services in some markets, could require that UScellular curtail existing services in order to make spectrum available for next-generation services, or UScellular could be effectively capped in increasing market share. As spectrum constrained providers gain customers, they use up their network capacity. Since they lack spectrum, they can respond to demand only by adding cell sites, which is capital intensive, adds fixed operating costs, is limited by zoning considerations, and ultimately may not be cost effective. Further, a spectrum constrained provider will generally not be able to achieve the data speeds that other competitors with more spectrum are able to provide. 
 UScellular may acquire access to spectrum through a number of alternatives, including acquisitions, exchanges and participation in spectrum auctions. UScellular may participate in spectrum auctions conducted by the FCC in the future. As required by law, the FCC has conducted auctions for wireless spectrum licenses to use some parts of the radio spectrum. The decision to conduct auctions, and the determination of what spectrum frequencies will be made available for auction and the determination of geographic size of wireless spectrum licenses, are made by the FCC pursuant to laws that it administers. The FCC may not be able to allocate spectrum sufficient to meet the demands of all those wishing to obtain wireless spectrum licenses for new market entry or to expand their spectrum holdings to meet the expanding demand for data services or to address other spectrum constraints. Due to factors such as geographic size of wireless spectrum licenses and auction bidders that may raise prices beyond acceptable levels, UScellular may not be successful in FCC auctions in obtaining access to the spectrum that it believes is necessary to implement its business and technology strategies. 
 Access to wireless spectrum licenses won in FCC auctions may not be available on a timely basis. Such access is dependent upon the FCC actually granting wireless spectrum licenses won, which can be rescinded or delayed for various reasons, including but not limited to exceeding spectrum ownership and attribution limits, and safety concerns due to interference with other spectrum bands. Furthermore, newly licensed spectrum may not be available for immediate use since the radio operations of incumbent users, including in some cases government agencies, may need to be relocated to other portions of the radio spectrum, and/or the newly licensed spectrum may be subject to sharing and coordination obligations. UScellular also may seek to acquire radio spectrum through purchases and exchanges with other spectrum licensees. However, UScellular may not be able to acquire sufficient spectrum through these types of transactions, and UScellular may not be able to complete any of these transactions on favorable terms. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 4) An inability to attract diverse people of outstanding talent throughout all levels of the organization, to develop their potential through education and assignments, and to retain them by keeping them engaged, challenged and properly rewarded could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular s business is highly technical and competition for skilled talent in the wireless industry is intense. Due to competition, limited supply, and/or rising wage levels for qualified management, technical, sales and other personnel, there can be no assurance that UScellular will be able to continue to attract and/or retain people of outstanding potential for the development of its business. In addition, a remote or hybrid working model and applicability of health protocols could negatively affect talent acquisition and retention. The loss of existing key personnel due to competition, wage levels and/or retirements, the failure to recruit highly skilled and diverse personnel in a timely and cost-effective manner, the inability to foster and maintain a diverse and inclusive work environment, or failure to maintain its commitment to environmental and social responsibility could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The market for highly skilled leaders in the wireless industry also is extremely competitive. The future success of UScellular and its business depends in substantial part on UScellular s ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented and highly skilled leaders for all areas of its organization. The loss of any of UScellular s key leaders could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. Effective succession planning is also important to UScellular s long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transition involving key employees could also adversely affect UScellular s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 5) UScellular s smaller scale relative to larger competitors that may have greater financial and other resources than UScellular could cause UScellular to be unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 There has been a trend in the telecommunications and related industries towards consolidation of service providers through acquisitions, reorganizations and joint ventures. This trend could continue, leading to larger competitors over time. UScellular has smaller scale efficiencies compared to larger competitors. UScellular may be unable to compete successfully with larger companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, sales, purchasing and distribution resources or that offer more services than UScellular, which could adversely affect UScellular s revenues and costs of doing business. Specifically, UScellular s smaller scale relative to most of its competitors could have the following impacts, among others: 
 Low profit margins and returns on investment that are below UScellular s cost of capital; 
 Increased operating costs due to lack of leverage with vendors; 
 Inability to timely and successfully deploy 5G or other wireless technologies, or to realize significant incremental revenues from their deployment; 
 Limited opportunities for strategic partnerships as potential partners are focused on wireless companies with greater scale and scope; 
 Limited access to content, as well as limited ability to obtain acceptably priced content; 
 Limited access to devices as larger competitors enter into exclusive device arrangements; 
 Consumer expectations that UScellular provides lower-priced offerings relative to larger competitors; 
 Limited ability to influence industry standards; 
 Reduced ability to invest in research and development of new services and products; 
 Lower risk tolerance when evaluating new markets; 
 Vendors may deem UScellular non-strategic and not develop or sell services and products to UScellular, particularly where technical requirements differ from those of larger companies; 
 Limited access to intellectual property; and 
 Other limited opportunities such as for software development or third party distribution. 
 UScellular s business depends on access to content for data and access to new wireless devices being developed by vendors. UScellular s ability to obtain such access depends in part on other parties. If UScellular is unable to obtain timely access to new content or wireless devices being developed by vendors, its business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 6) Changes in various business factors, including changes in demand, consumer preferences and perceptions, price competition, churn from customer switching activity and other factors, could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in any of several factors could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 Demand for or usage of services, particularly data services; 
 Consumer preferences, including type of wireless devices; 
 Consumer perceptions of network quality and performance; 
 Consumer expectations for self-service options through digital means; 
 Competitive pressure to deliver higher speed; 
 Competitive pressure from promotional activity; 
 The pricing of services, including an increase in price-based competition; 
 Inflationary pressures on costs without corresponding price increases for UScellular's services; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The overall size and growth rate of UScellular s customer base; 
 Penetration rates; 
 Churn rates; 
 Selling expenses; 
 Net customer acquisition and retention costs; 
 Customers ability to pay for wireless service and the potential impact on bad debts expense; 
 Roaming agreements and rates; 
 Third-party vendor support; 
 Capacity constraints; 
 The mix of services and products offered by UScellular and purchased by customers; and 
 The costs of providing services and products. 
 7) Advances or changes in technology could render certain technologies used by UScellular obsolete, could put UScellular at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce UScellular s revenues or could increase its costs of doing business. 
 The telecommunications industry is experiencing significant changes in technologies and services expected by customers, as evidenced by evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of digital technology, shorter development cycles for new services and products, and enhancements and changes in end-user requirements and preferences. Further, fixed-mobile convergence services that combine wireline broadband services with mobile services represent a competitive threat. If the trend toward convergence continues, UScellular is at a competitive disadvantage to larger competitors, including cable companies, the national wireless carriers and other potential large new entrants with much greater financial and other resources in adapting to such convergence. Future technological changes or advancements may enable other wireless technologies to equal or exceed UScellular s current levels of service and render its system infrastructure obsolete. UScellular may not be able to respond to such changes and implement new technology on a timely or cost-effective basis, which could reduce its revenues or increase its costs of doing business. 
 8) Complexities associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk and UScellular investments in unproven technologies may not produce the benefits that UScellular expects. 
 UScellular is deploying 5G technology in its network and has launched commercial 5G services in portions of substantially all of its markets. The continued deployment of 5G technology will require substantial additional investments in UScellular's wireless networks to remain competitive in the industry. Transition to 5G or other new technologies involves significant time, cost and risk, and anticipated products and revenues may not be realized. Furthermore, the wireless business experiences rapid technology changes and new services and products. If UScellular fails to effectively deploy new wireless technologies, services or products on a timely basis, this could have an adverse impact on UScellular s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, it is not certain that UScellular s investments in various new, unproven technologies and the related service and product offerings will be effective. The markets for some of these services, products and solutions may still be emerging and the overall potential for these markets, including revenues to be realized, may be uncertain. If customer demand for these new services, products and solutions does not develop as expected, UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 9) Costs, integration problems or other factors associated with acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges of properties or wireless spectrum licenses and/or expansion of UScellular s business could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 As part of UScellular s operating strategy, UScellular from time to time may be engaged in the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, businesses, strategic properties, wireless spectrum or other assets. UScellular may change the markets in which it operates and the services that it provides through such acquisitions, divestitures and/or exchanges. In general, UScellular may not disclose the negotiation of such transactions until a definitive agreement has been reached. 
 These transactions commonly involve a number of risks, including: 
 Identification of attractive companies, businesses, properties, spectrum or other assets for acquisition or exchange, and/or the selection of UScellular s businesses or assets for divestiture or exchange; 
 Competition for acquisition targets and the ability to acquire or exchange businesses at reasonable prices; 
 Inability to make acquisitions that would achieve sufficient scale to be competitive with competitors with greater scale; 
 Possible lack of buyers for businesses or assets that UScellular desires to divest and the ability to divest or exchange such businesses or assets at reasonable prices; 
 Ability to negotiate favorable terms and conditions for acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges; 
 Significant expenditures associated with acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges; 
 Risks associated with integrating new businesses or markets, including risks relating to cybersecurity and privacy; 
 Ability to enter markets in which UScellular has limited or no direct prior experience and competitors have stronger positions; 
 Ability to integrate and manage businesses that are engaged in activities other than traditional wireless service; 
 Uncertain revenues and expenses associated with acquisitions, with the result that UScellular may not realize the growth in revenues, anticipated cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that it expects; 
 Difficulty of integrating the technologies, services, products, operations and personnel of the acquired businesses, or of separating such matters for divested businesses or assets; 
 Diversion of management s attention; 
 Disruption of ongoing business; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Impact on UScellular s cash and available credit lines for use in financing future growth and working capital needs; 
 Inability to retain key personnel; 
 Inability to successfully incorporate acquired assets and rights into UScellular s service offerings; 
 Inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 
 Possible conditions to approval by the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission and/or the Department of Justice; and 
 Impairment of relationships with employees, customers or vendors. 
 No assurance can be given that UScellular will be successful with respect to its acquisition, divestiture or exchange strategies or initiatives. 
 10) A failure by UScellular to complete significant network construction and systems implementation activities as part of its plans to improve the quality, coverage, capabilities and capacity of its network, support and other systems and infrastructure could have an adverse effect on its operations. 
 UScellular s business plan includes significant construction activities and enhancements to its network, support and other systems and infrastructure. Additionally, the deployment of new wireless technologies, including 5G, will require substantial investments in UScellular's wireless network. As UScellular deploys, expands and enhances its network, it may need to acquire additional spectrum. Also, as UScellular continues to build out and enhance its network, UScellular must, among other things, continue to: 
 Lease, acquire or otherwise obtain rights to cell and switch sites; 
 Obtain zoning variances or other local governmental or third-party approvals or permits for network construction; 
 Complete and update the radio frequency design, including cell site design, frequency planning and network optimization, for each of UScellular s markets; and 
 Improve, expand and maintain customer care, network management, billing and other financial and management systems. 
 Any difficulties encountered in completing these activities, as well as problems in vendor equipment availability, labor availability, inflation or other pressures on costs, technical resources, system performance or system adequacy, could delay implementation and deployment of new technologies, delay expansion of operations and product capabilities in new or existing markets or result in increased costs. Failure to successfully deploy new technologies, including 5G, and/or build-out and enhance UScellular s network, support facilities and other systems and infrastructure in a cost-effective manner, and in a manner that satisfies consumers' expectations for quality and coverage, could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 11) Difficulties involving third parties with which UScellular does business, including changes in UScellular's relationships with or financial or operational difficulties, including supply chain disruptions, of key suppliers or independent agents and third-party national retailers who market UScellular s services, could adversely affect UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular has relationships with independent agents and third-party national retailers who market UScellular services. 
 UScellular depends upon certain vendors to provide it with equipment, services and content that meet its quality and cost requirements on a timely basis to continue its network construction and upgrades, and to operate its business. UScellular depends upon certain vendors to provide it with wireless devices that meet its quality and cost requirements on a timely basis to support sales. UScellular does not have operational or financial control over such key suppliers and has limited influence with respect to the manner in which these key suppliers conduct their businesses. Further, key suppliers may experience supply chain challenges beyond their control that result in difficulties providing the services and products typically requested by UScellular on a timely basis. If these key suppliers (i) experience product availability shortages, (ii) require extended lead times to fulfill orders, (iii) experience financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy or experience other operational difficulties or (iv) deem UScellular non-strategic and not develop or sell services and products to UScellular, particularly where technical requirements differ from those of larger companies, they may not provide equipment, services or content to UScellular on a timely basis, or at all, or they may otherwise fail to honor their obligations to UScellular. Furthermore, consolidation among key suppliers may result in less competition, higher prices, the discontinuation of equipment and/or services typically purchased by UScellular or the discontinuation of support for equipment owned by UScellular. 
 Operation of UScellular s supply chain and management of its device inventory and network equipment require accurate forecasting of customer growth and demand. If overall demand for wireless devices or the mix of demand for wireless devices is significantly different than UScellular s expectations, UScellular could face inadequate or excess supplies of particular models of wireless devices. This could result in lost sales opportunities or an excess supply of device inventory. If network equipment is not available or requires extended lead times due to supply chain challenges, or if overall demand for wireless services or the mix of demand for wireless services is significantly different than UScellular s expectations, UScellular may not be able to adequately maintain a network that supports customer demand. Further, UScellular's supply chain could be disrupted unexpectedly by raw material shortages, wars, natural disasters, disease or other factors. Supply chain disruptions may result in limited component availability, constraints on certain devices, extended lead times, delayed construction and additional uncertainty. 
 Also, UScellular has other arrangements with third parties, including arrangements pursuant to which UScellular outsources certain support functions to third-party vendors. Operational problems associated with such functions, including any failure by the vendor to provide the required level of service under the outsourcing arrangements, including possible cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security, data protection or privacy, could have adverse effects on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 12) A failure by UScellular to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technologies, or a material disruption thereof, could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular relies extensively on its telecommunication networks and information technologies to operate and manage its business, process transactions and summarize and report results. These networks and technologies are subject to obsolescence and, consequently, must be upgraded, replaced and/or otherwise enhanced over time. Enhancements must be more flexible and dependable than ever before. All of this is capital intensive and challenging. 
 The increased provision of data services has introduced significant demands on UScellular s network and also has increased complexities related to network management. Further, the increased provision of data services on UScellular s networks has created an increased level of risk related to quality of service and data speeds. This is due to the fact that many customers increasingly rely on data communications to execute and validate transactions. As a result, redundancy and geographical diversity of UScellular s network facilities are critical to providing uninterrupted service. Also, the speed of repair and maintenance procedures in the event of network interruptions is critical to maintaining customer satisfaction. UScellular s ability to maintain high-quality, uninterrupted service to its customers is critical, particularly given the increasingly competitive environment and customers ability to choose other service providers. 
 In addition, UScellular s networks and information technologies and the networks and information technologies of vendors on which UScellular relies are subject to damage or interruption due to various events, including power outages, computer, network and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, hackers and other cyber security risks, catastrophic events, natural disasters, severe weather, adverse climate changes, errors or unauthorized actions by employees and vendors, flawed conversion of systems, disruptive technologies and technology changes. 
 Financial Risk Factors 
 13) Uncertainty in UScellular s future cash flow and liquidity or the inability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, changes in interest rates, other changes in UScellular s performance or market conditions, changes in UScellular s credit ratings or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to UScellular, which could require UScellular to reduce its construction, development or acquisition programs, reduce the amount of wireless spectrum licenses acquired, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases. 
 UScellular operates a capital-intensive business. Historically, UScellular has used internally-generated funds and also has obtained substantial funds from external sources for general corporate purposes. In the past, UScellular s existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its financing agreements, and cash flows from operating and certain investing and financing activities, including sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for UScellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement of markets and to fund acquisitions. There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future. It may be necessary from time to time to increase the amount of permissible borrowings under its financing agreements, to put in place new credit agreements, or to obtain other forms of financing in order to fund potential expenditures. UScellular s liquidity would be adversely affected if, among other things, UScellular is unable to obtain short or long-term financing on acceptable terms, interest rates increase, UScellular makes significant spectrum license purchases, UScellular makes significant capital investments, UScellular makes significant business acquisitions, the Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership (LA Partnership) discontinues or significantly reduces distributions compared to historical levels, or Federal USF and/or other regulatory support payments decline. 
 UScellular s credit rating currently is sub-investment grade. UScellular has incurred negative free cash flow (defined as Cash flows from operating activities less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment and less Cash paid for software license agreements) at times in the past and this could occur in the future. UScellular may require substantial additional capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operating needs including working capital, acquisitions of providers of wireless telecommunications services, spectrum license or system acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, the repurchase of shares, or making additional investments. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds will continue to be available to UScellular or its subsidiaries on terms or at prices acceptable to UScellular. Insufficient cash flows from operating activities, changes in UScellular's credit ratings, defaults of the terms of debt or credit agreements, uncertainty of access to capital, deterioration in the capital markets, reduced regulatory capital at banks which in turn limits their ability to borrow and lend, other changes in the performance of UScellular or in market conditions or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to UScellular, which could require UScellular to reduce its acquisition, capital expenditure and business development programs, reduce the acquisition of wireless spectrum licenses, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases. UScellular cannot provide assurance that circumstances that could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or capital resources will not occur. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 14) UScellular has a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial performance and in turn adversely affect its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, comply with terms of debt covenants and incur additional debt. 
 UScellular has a significant amount of indebtedness and may need to incur additional indebtedness. UScellular s level of indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it (i) may limit UScellular s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to its debt securities by rating organizations are revised downward; (ii) will require UScellular to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to the payment of interest and principal on its debt, thereby reducing the funds available to UScellular for other purposes including expansion through acquisitions, capital expenditures, acquisition of wireless spectrum licenses, marketing spending and expansion of its business; and (iii) may limit UScellular s flexibility to adjust to changing business and market conditions and make UScellular more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions as compared to UScellular s competitors. UScellular s ability to make scheduled payments on its indebtedness or to refinance it will depend on its financial and operating performance which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and other factors beyond its control. A substantial portion of UScellular's debt is subject to variable interest rates, which has increased interest expense in recent periods and UScellular will continue to be vulnerable to unfavorable changes in market interest rates. 
 UScellular s revolving credit agreement, term loan agreement, export credit financing agreement and receivables securitization agreement require UScellular to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants. Depending on the actual financial performance of UScellular, there is a risk that UScellular could fail to satisfy the required financial covenants. This risk has increased with UScellular's recent financial and operating performance. If UScellular breaches a financial or other covenant of any of these agreements, it would result in a default under that agreement, and could involve a cross-default under other debt instruments. This could in turn cause the affected lenders to accelerate the repayment of principal and accrued interest on any outstanding debt under such agreements and, if they choose, terminate the agreement. If appropriate, UScellular may request an amendment to one or more credit agreements to adjust financial covenants in order to provide additional financial flexibility to UScellular, and may also seek other changes to such agreements. There is no assurance that the lenders will agree to any amendments. If the lenders agree to amendments, this may result in additional payments or higher interest rates payable to the lenders and/or additional restrictions. Restrictions in such debt instruments may limit UScellular s operating and financial flexibility. 
 As a result, UScellular s level of indebtedness, restrictions contained in debt instruments and/or possible breaches of covenants, defaults, and acceleration of indebtedness could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 15) UScellular s assets and revenue are concentrated in the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry. Consequently, its operating results may fluctuate based on factors related primarily to conditions in this industry. 
 The U.S. wireless telecommunications industry is facing significant change and an uncertain operating environment. UScellular s focus on the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry, together with its positioning relative to larger competitors with greater resources within the industry, may represent increased risk for investors due to the lack of diversification. This could have an adverse effect on UScellular s ability to attain and sustain long-term, profitable revenue growth and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 16) UScellular has significant investments in entities that it does not control. Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on UScellular s financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular has significant investments in entities that it does not control, including equity investments and interests in certain variable interest entities. UScellular s interests in such entities do not provide UScellular with control over the business strategy, financial goals, network build-out plans or other operational aspects of these entities. UScellular cannot provide assurance that these entities will operate in a manner that will increase or maintain the value of UScellular s investments, that UScellular s proportionate share of income from these investments will continue at the current level in the future or that UScellular will not incur losses from the holding of such investments. Losses in the values of such investments or a reduction in income from these investments could adversely affect UScellular s financial condition or results of operations. In addition, certain investments have historically contributed significant cash flows to UScellular and a reduction or suspension of such cash flows could adversely affect UScellular s financial condition. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory, Legal and Governance Risk Factors 
 17) Failure by UScellular to timely or fully comply with any existing applicable legislative and/or regulatory requirements or changes thereto could adversely affect UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular s operations are subject to varying degrees of regulation by the FCC, state public utility commissions and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies. Changes in the administration of the various regulatory agencies and legislative bodies could result in different policies with respect to many federal laws and regulations, including but not limited to changes to fiscal and tax policies, trade policies, tariffs on import goods and climate change. New or amended regulatory requirements could increase UScellular s costs and divert resources from other initiatives. Adverse decisions, increased regulation, or changes to existing regulation by regulatory bodies could negatively impact UScellular s operations by, among other things, restricting energy consumption or access to grid electricity, permitting greater competition or limiting UScellular s ability to engage in certain sales or marketing activities, or retention and recruitment of skilled resources. New regulatory mandates or enforcement may require unexpected or increased capital expenditures, lost revenues, higher operating expenses or other changes. Court decisions and rulemakings could have a substantial impact on UScellular s operations, including rulemakings on broadband access to the internet, intercarrier access compensation and state and federal support funding. Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and delay UScellular s ability to respond to new regulations. Further, wireless spectrum licenses are subject to renewal by the FCC and could be revoked in the event of a violation of applicable laws or regulatory requirements. Also, although FCC rules relating to net neutrality have been repealed, the FCC and federal and state legislators may seek to reinstate net neutrality in some form and state legislators and regulators are seeking to or have already enacted state net neutrality laws and regulations. Interpretation and application of these rules, including conflicts between federal and state laws, may result in additional costs for compliance and may limit opportunities to derive profits from certain business practices or resources. 
 UScellular attempts to timely and fully comply with all regulatory requirements. However, UScellular is unable to predict the future actions of the various legislative and regulatory bodies that govern UScellular, and such actions could have adverse effects on UScellular s business. 
 18) UScellular receives significant regulatory support, and is also subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments the applicability and the amount of the support and fees are subject to great uncertainty, including the ability to pass through certain fees to customers, and this uncertainty could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Telecommunications companies may be designated by states, or in some cases by the FCC, as an Eligible Telecommunications Carrier (ETC) to receive universal service support payments if they provide specified services in high-cost areas. UScellular has been designated as an ETC in certain states and received 92 million in high-cost support for service to high-cost areas in 2022. While there is uncertainty, UScellular expects that regulatory support payments will likely decline in future periods, and there is no assurance that UScellular will qualify for future regulatory support programs. If regulatory support is discontinued or reduced from current levels, or if receipt of future regulatory support is contingent upon making certain network-related expenditures, this could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or operating results. 
 Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from interstate and intrastate services, including USF fees and common carrier regulatory fees. The division of services between interstate services and intrastate services, including the divisions associated with Federal USF fees, is a matter of interpretation and in the future may be contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC in the future also may change the basis on which Federal USF fees are charged. The Federal government and many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of telecommunications services and products and to purchases of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and local governments have imposed and may continue to impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on telecommunications services. The applicability of these surcharges and fees to UScellular s services is uncertain in many cases and jurisdictions may contest whether UScellular has assessed and remitted those monies correctly. Periodically, state and federal regulators may increase or change the surcharges and fees UScellular currently pays. In some instances, UScellular passes through these charges to its customers. However, Congress, the FCC, state regulatory agencies or state legislatures may limit the ability to pass through transaction-based tax liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees imposed on UScellular to customers. UScellular may or may not be able to recover some or all of those taxes from its customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand for its services or increase its cost to provide service. 
 19) Settlements, judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or legal costs resulting from pending and future litigation could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular is regularly involved in a number of legal and policy proceedings before the FCC and various state and federal courts. Such legal and policy proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. 
 The assessment of legal and policy proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events. Additionally, amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. Depending on a range of factors, these or similar proceedings could impose restraints on UScellular s current or future manner of doing business. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 20) The possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from wireless devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health consequences, including cancer or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices or frequencies used by other industries, could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Media reports and certain professional studies have suggested that certain radio frequency emissions from wireless devices may be linked to various health problems, including cancer or tumors, and may interfere with various electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. There may also be safety concerns related to frequencies used by wireless devices interfering with frequencies used by other industries, including but not limited to, the concerns of the Federal Aviation Administration regarding potential interference of 5G deployment with altimeters used by aircraft, which could impact deployment of certain wireless spectrum. UScellular is a party to and may in the future be a party to lawsuits against wireless carriers and other parties claiming damages for alleged health effects, including cancer or tumors, arising from wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters. Concerns over radio frequency emissions may discourage use of wireless devices or expose UScellular to potential litigation. In addition, the FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt regulations in response to concerns about radio frequency emissions. Any resulting decrease in demand for wireless services, costs of litigation and damage awards or regulation could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 In addition, some studies have indicated that some aspects of using a wireless device while driving may impair a driver's attention in certain circumstances, making accidents more likely. These concerns could lead to potential litigation relating to accidents, deaths or serious bodily injuries. 
 21) Claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent UScellular from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject UScellular to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular faces possible effects of industry litigation relating to patents, other intellectual property or otherwise, that may restrict UScellular s access to devices or network equipment critical to providing services to customers. If technology that UScellular uses in products or services were determined by a court to infringe a patent or other intellectual property right held by another person, UScellular could be precluded from using that technology and could be required to pay significant monetary damages. UScellular also may be required to pay significant royalties to such person to continue to use such technology in the future. The successful enforcement of any intellectual property rights, or UScellular s inability to negotiate a license for such rights on acceptable terms, could force UScellular to cease using the relevant technology and offering services incorporating the technology. Any litigation to determine the validity of claims that UScellular s products or services infringe or may infringe intellectual property rights of another, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the effort and attention of UScellular s management and technical personnel. Regardless of the merits of any specific claim, UScellular cannot give assurance that it would prevail in litigation because of the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. Although UScellular generally seeks to obtain indemnification agreements from vendors that provide it with technology, there can be no assurance that any claim of infringement will be covered by an indemnity or that UScellular will be able to recover all or any of its losses and costs under any available indemnity agreements. Any claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others could prevent UScellular from using necessary technology to provide its services or subject UScellular to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties. 
 22) There are potential conflicts of interests between TDS and UScellular. 
 TDS owns over 80 of the combined shares outstanding of both classes of common stock of UScellular, including a majority of the outstanding Common Shares and 100 of the Series A Common Shares, and controls 96 of their combined voting power. As a result, TDS is effectively able to elect all of UScellular s thirteen directors and otherwise control the management and operations of UScellular. Seven of the thirteen directors of UScellular are also directors of TDS and/or executive officers of TDS and/or UScellular. Directors and officers of TDS who are also directors or officers of UScellular, and TDS as UScellular s controlling shareholder, are in positions involving the possibility of conflicts of interest with respect to certain transactions concerning UScellular. When the interests of TDS and UScellular diverge, TDS may exercise its influence in its own best interests. 
 UScellular and TDS have entered into contractual arrangements governing certain transactions and relationships between them. Some of these agreements were executed prior to the initial public offering of UScellular s Common Shares and were not the result of arm s-length negotiations. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the terms and conditions of these agreements are as favorable to UScellular as could have been obtained from unaffiliated third parties. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in this Form 10-K. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between TDS and UScellular when faced with decisions that could have different implications for UScellular and TDS, including technology decisions, financial decisions, the payment of distributions by UScellular, agreements or transactions between TDS and UScellular, business activities and other matters. TDS also may take action that favors its other businesses and the interests of its shareholders over UScellular s wireless business and the interests of UScellular shareholders and debt holders. Because TDS controls UScellular, conflicts of interest could be resolved in a manner adverse to UScellular and its other shareholders or its debt holders. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, so long as not less than 500,000 Series A Common Shares are outstanding, UScellular, without the written consent of TDS, shall not, directly or indirectly own, invest or otherwise have an interest in, lease, operate or manage any business other than a business engaged solely in the construction of, the ownership of interests in and/or the management of wireless telephone systems. This limitation on the scope of UScellular s potential business could hurt the growth of UScellular s business. This restriction would preclude UScellular from pursuing attractive related or unrelated business opportunities unless TDS consents in writing. TDS has no obligation to consent to any business opportunities proposed by UScellular and may withhold its consent in its own best interests. 
 23) Certain matters, such as control by TDS and provisions in the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of UScellular or have other consequences. 
 The control of UScellular by TDS may tend to deter non-negotiated tender offers or other efforts to obtain control of UScellular and thereby deprive shareholders of opportunities to sell shares at prices higher than those prevailing in the market. 
 The UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation also contains provisions which may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of UScellular without the support of TDS or without meeting various other conditions. In particular, the authorization of multiple classes of capital stock with different voting rights could prevent shareholders from profiting from an increase in the market value of their shares as a result of a change in control of UScellular by delaying or preventing such change in control. 
 The UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation also authorizes the UScellular Board of Directors to designate and issue Preferred Shares in one or more classes or series from time to time. Generally, no further action or authorization by the shareholders is necessary prior to the designation or issuance of the additional Preferred Shares authorized pursuant to the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation unless applicable laws or regulations would require such approval in a given instance. Such Preferred Shares could be issued in circumstances that would serve to preserve TDS control of UScellular. 
 The provisions of the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the existence of different classes of capital stock and voting rights could result in the exclusion of UScellular Common Shares from certain major stock indices at some point in the future, unless UScellular is grandfathered by such stock indices or qualifies for some other exception. 
 General Risk Factors 
 24) UScellular has experienced, and in the future expects to experience, cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security of varying degrees on a regular basis, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular experiences cyber-attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis. These include cyber-attacks intended to wrongfully obtain private and valuable information, or cause other types of malicious events, including denial of service attacks which may cause UScellular's services to be disrupted or unavailable to customers. The increasing number of associates working remotely increases risks associated with data handling and vulnerability management. UScellular maintains administrative, technical and physical controls, as well as other preventative actions, to reduce the risk of security breaches. Although to date UScellular has not discovered a material security breach, these efforts may be insufficient to prevent a material security breach stemming from future cyber-attacks including ransomware. If UScellular s or its vendors networks and information technology are not adequately adapted to changes in technology or are damaged or fail to function properly, and/or if UScellular s or its vendors security is breached or otherwise compromised, UScellular could suffer adverse consequences, including theft, destruction or other loss of critical and private data, including customer and/or employee data, interruptions or delays in its operations, inaccurate billings, inaccurate financial reporting, and significant costs to remedy the problems. If UScellular s or its vendors systems become unavailable or suffer a security breach of customer or other data, UScellular may be required to expend significant resources and take various actions to address the problems, including notification under data privacy laws and regulations, may be subject to fines, sanctions and litigation, and its reputation and operating results could be adversely affected. UScellular continues to experience denial of service attacks. Although UScellular has implemented and continues to enhance its protection and recovery measures in response to such attacks, these efforts may be insufficient to prevent a material denial of service attack in the future. 
 25) Disruption in credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S. or global economic conditions or other events could, among other things, impede UScellular s access to or increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows, which would have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Disruptions in the credit and financial markets, declines in consumer confidence, increases in unemployment, declines in economic growth, increased tariffs on import goods, sudden increases in inflation and uncertainty about corporate earnings could have a significant negative impact on the U.S. and global financial and credit markets and the overall economy. Such events could have an adverse impact on financial institutions resulting in limited access to capital and credit for many companies. Furthermore, economic uncertainties make it very difficult to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Changes in economic conditions, changes in financial markets, changes in U.S. trade policies, deterioration in the capital markets or other factors could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations and cash flows. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 26) The impact of public health emergencies on UScellular's business is uncertain, but depending on duration and severity could have a material adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Public health emergencies pose the risk that UScellular or its associates, agents, partners and suppliers may be unable to conduct business activities for an extended period of time and/or provide the level of service expected. UScellular's ability to attract customers, maintain an adequate supply chain and execute on its business strategies and initiatives could be negatively impacted by public health emergencies. Additionally, public health emergencies could cause increased unemployment and an economic downturn, both of which could negatively impact UScellular. The extent of the impact of public health emergencies on UScellular's business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on the severity and duration of the emergency, actions taken by governmental authorities and other possible direct and indirect consequences, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 UScellular has properties located throughout the United States. UScellular s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago, IL. UScellular's local business offices, cell sites, cell site equipment, connectivity centers, data centers, call centers and retail stores are located primarily in UScellular s operating markets. These properties are either owned or leased by UScellular, one of its subsidiaries, or the partnership, limited liability company or corporation which holds the license issued by the FCC. 
 As of December 31, 2022, UScellular s gross investment in property, plant and equipment was 9,334 million. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 UScellular is involved or may be involved from time to time in legal proceedings before the FCC, other regulatory authorities, and/or various state and federal courts. If UScellular believes that a loss arising from such legal proceedings is probable and can be reasonably estimated, an amount is accrued in the financial statements for the estimated loss. If only a range of loss can be determined, the best estimate within that range is accrued; if none of the estimates within that range is better than another, the low end of the range is accrued. The assessment of the expected outcomes of legal proceedings is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events. The legal proceedings are reviewed at least quarterly to determine the adequacy of accruals and related financial statement disclosures. The ultimate outcomes of legal proceedings could differ materially from amounts accrued in the financial statements. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock Information 
 UScellular's Common Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "USM." As of January 31, 2023, the last trading day of the month, UScellular's Common Shares were held by 232 record owners. All of the Series A Common Shares were held by TDS. No public trading market exists for the Series A Common Shares. The Series A Common Shares are convertible on a share-for-share basis into Common Shares. 
 UScellular has not paid any cash dividends in recent periods and currently intends to retain all earnings for use in UScellular s business. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following chart provides a comparison of UScellular s cumulative total return to shareholders during the previous five years to the returns of the Standard Poor's 500 Composite Stock Price Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Index. 
 
 Note: Cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 UScellular Common Shares (NYSE: USM) 100 138.11 96.28 81.56 83.76 55.40 S P 500 Index 100 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Index 100 93.27 119.28 112.22 102.50 96.60 
 The comparison above assumes 100.00 invested at the close of trading on the last trading day of 2017, in UScellular Common Shares, S P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Telecommunications Index. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In November 2009, UScellular announced by Form 8-K that the Board of Directors of UScellular authorized the repurchase of up to 1,300,000 Common Shares on an annual basis beginning in 2009 and continuing each year thereafter, on a cumulative basis. In December 2016, the UScellular Board of Directors amended this authorization to provide that, beginning on January 1, 2017, the authorized repurchase amount with respect to a particular year will be any amount from zero to 1,300,000 Common Shares, as determined by the Pricing Committee of the Board of Directors, and that if the Pricing Committee did not specify an amount for any year, such amount would be zero for such year. The Pricing Committee has not specified any increase in the authorization since that time. The Pricing Committee also was authorized to decrease the cumulative amount of the authorization at any time, but has not taken any action to do so at this time. The authorization provides that share repurchases will be made pursuant to open market purchases, block purchases, private purchases, or otherwise, depending on market prices and other conditions. This authorization does not have an expiration date. UScellular did not determine to terminate the foregoing Common Share repurchase program, as amended, or cease making further purchases thereunder, during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The following table provides certain information with respect to all purchases made by or on behalf of UScellular, and any open market purchases made by any affiliated purchaser (as defined by the SEC) of UScellular, of UScellular Common Shares during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 - 31, 2022 152,056 26.56 152,056 2,353,492 November 1 - 30, 2022 426,551 22.71 426,551 1,926,941 December 1 - 31, 2022 1,926,941 Total for or as of the end of the quarter ended December 31, 2022 578,607 23.72 578,607 1,926,941 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Index to Management's Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) Page No. 
 Executive Overview 
 20 
 Terms used by UScellular 
 23 
 Operational Overview 
 24 
 Financial Overview 
 25 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 28 
 Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis 
 32 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 
 33 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 34 
 Regulatory Matters 
 35 
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement 
 36 
 Market Risk 
 38 
 Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 39 
 
 19 

Index to MD A 

United States Cellular Corporation 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Overview 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A) should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes of United States Cellular Corporation (UScellular) for the year ended December 31, 2022, and with the description of UScellular s business included herein. Certain numbers included herein are rounded to millions for ease of presentation; however, certain calculated amounts and percentages are determined using the unrounded numbers. 
 This report contains statements that are not based on historical facts, including the words believes, anticipates, estimates, expects, plans, intends, projects and similar expressions. These statements constitute and represent forward looking statements as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. See Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement for additional information. 
 UScellular uses certain non-GAAP financial measures and each such measure is identified in the MD A. A discussion of the reason UScellular determines these metrics to be useful and reconciliations of these measures to their most directly comparable measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) are included in the Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures section within the MD A of this Form 10-K Report. 
 The following MD A omits discussion of 2021 compared to 2020. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022, for that discussion. 
 20 

Index to MD A 

 General 
 UScellular owns, operates, and invests in wireless markets throughout the United States. UScellular is an 84 -owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. (TDS). 
 OPERATIONS 
 Serves customers with 4.7 million retail connections including 4.2 million postpaid and 0.5 million prepaid connections 
 Operates in 21 states 
 Employs approximately 4,900 associates 
 4,336 owned towers 
 6,945 cell sites in service 
 
 21 

Index to MD A 

 UScellular Mission and Strategy 
 UScellular s mission is to connect its customers to what matters most to them. This includes providing exceptional wireless communication services which enhance consumers lives, increase the competitiveness of local businesses, and improve the efficiency of government operations in the markets UScellular serves. 
 UScellular s strategy is to attract and retain customers by providing a high-quality network, outstanding customer service, and competitive devices, plans and pricing - all provided with a community focus. Strategic efforts include: 
 UScellular offers economical and competitively priced service plans and devices to its customers and is focused on increasing revenues from sales of related products such as device protection plans and from new services such as fixed wireless home internet. In addition, UScellular is focused on increasing revenues from prepaid plans, tower rent revenues and expanding its solutions available to business and government customers. 
 UScellular continues to enhance its network capabilities, including by deploying 5G technology. 5G technology helps address customers growing demand for data services and creates opportunities for new services requiring high speed and reliability as well as low latency. UScellular's 5G deployment is initially focused on mobility services using its low band spectrum. UScellular has acquired high-band and mid-band spectrum, deployed high-band spectrum on a limited basis, and will further deploy high-band and mid-band in the future to further enable the delivery of 5G services. UScellular has launched 5G services in portions of substantially all of its markets and will continue to expand to additional areas in the coming years. 
 UScellular assesses its existing wireless interests on an ongoing basis with a goal of improving the competitiveness of its operations and maximizing its long-term return on capital. As part of this strategy, UScellular actively seeks attractive opportunities to acquire wireless spectrum, including pursuant to FCC auctions. 
 22 

Index to MD A 

 Terms Used by UScellular 
 The following is a list of definitions of certain industry terms that are used throughout this document: 
 4G LTE fourth generation Long-Term Evolution, which is a wireless technology that enables more network capacity for more data per user as well as faster access to data compared to third generation (3G) technology. 
 5G fifth generation wireless technology that helps address customers growing demand for data services and creates opportunities for new services requiring high speed and reliability as well as low latency. 
 Account represents an individual or business financially responsible for one or multiple associated connections. An account may include a variety of types of connections such as handsets and connected devices. 
 Auctions 105, 107, 108 and 110 Auction 105 was an FCC auction of 3.5 GHz wireless spectrum licenses that started in July 2020 and concluded in September 2020. Auction 107 was an FCC auction of 3.7-3.98 GHz wireless spectrum licenses that started in December 2020 and concluded in February 2021. Auction 110 was an FCC auction of 3.45-3.55 GHz wireless spectrum licenses that started in October 2021 and concluded in January 2022. Auction 108 is an FCC auction of 2.5 GHz wireless spectrum licenses that started in July 2022 and concluded in August 2022. 
 Churn Rate represents the percentage of the connections that disconnect service each month. These rates represent the average monthly churn rate for each respective period. 
 Connected Devices non-handset devices that connect directly to the UScellular network. Connected devices include products such as tablets, wearables, modems, and hotspots. 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act economic relief package signed into law on March 27, 2020 to address the public health and economic impacts of COVID-19, including a variety of tax provisions. 
 EBITDA refers to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion and is used in the non-GAAP metric Adjusted EBITDA throughout this document. See Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for additional information. 
 Eligible Telecommunications Carrier (ETC) designation by states for providing specified services in high cost areas which enables participation in universal service support mechanisms. 
 Free Cash Flow non-GAAP metric defined as Cash flows from operating activities less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment and less Cash paid for software license agreements. See Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for additional information. 
 Gross Additions represents the total number of new connections added during the period, without regard to connections that were terminated during that period. 
 Net Additions (Losses) represents the total number of new connections added during the period, net of connections that were terminated during that period. 
 OIBDA refers to operating income before depreciation, amortization and accretion and is used in the non-GAAP metric Adjusted OIBDA throughout this document. See Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for additional information. 
 Postpaid Average Revenue per Account (Postpaid ARPA) metric which is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues by the average number of postpaid accounts and by the number of months in the period. 
 Postpaid Average Revenue per User (Postpaid ARPU) metric which is calculated by dividing total postpaid service revenues by the average number of postpaid connections and by the number of months in the period. 
 Retail Connections individual lines of service associated with each device activated by a postpaid or prepaid customer. Connections are associated with all types of devices that connect directly to the UScellular network. 
 Universal Service Fund (USF) a system of telecommunications collected fees and support payments managed by the FCC intended to promote universal access to telecommunications services in the United States. 
 VoLTE Voice over Long-Term Evolution is a technology specification that defines the standards and procedures for delivering voice communications and related services over 4G LTE networks. 

23 

Index to MD A 

 Operational Overview 

As of December 31, 2022 2021 Retail Connections End of Period Postpaid 4,247,000 4,380,000 Prepaid 493,000 513,000 Total 4,740,000 4,893,000 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Postpaid Activity and Churn Gross Additions Handsets 397,000 434,000 (9) Connected Devices 162,000 159,000 2 Total Gross Additions 559,000 593,000 (6) Net Additions (Losses) Handsets (110,000) (11,000) N/M Connected Devices (23,000) (21,000) (10) Total Net Additions (Losses) (133,000) (32,000) N/M Churn Handsets 1.12 0.96 Connected Devices 2.95 2.72 Total Churn 1.34 1.18 
 N/M - Percentage change not meaningful 
 Total postpaid handset net losses increased in 2022 due to lower gross additions and higher defections resulting from aggressive industry-wide competition and an increase in non-pay customers. 
 Total postpaid connected device net losses in 2022 were largely in-line with prior year, as lower demand for connected watches and tablets were offset by an increase in home internet net additions. 
 Postpaid Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Average Revenue Per User (ARPU) 50.14 48.03 4 Average Revenue Per Account (ARPA) 130.39 125.92 4 
 Postpaid ARPU and Postpaid ARPA increased in 2022, due primarily to (i) favorable plan and product offering mix, (ii) an increase in cost recovery surcharges and (iii) an increase in device protection plan revenues. These increases were partially offset by an increase in promotional discounts. The higher ARPU plan mix in 2022 relative to 2021 was partially driven by device promotions that included requirements for customers to adopt higher rate plans that offer enhanced services and features. UScellular expects the future growth rate of Postpaid ARPU and Postpaid ARPA to decline relative to the growth rate experienced in 2022 due to the impact of pricing and promotions in the continued highly competitive wireless services environment. 
 2021 Postpaid ARPU and ARPA amounts exclude 9 million of postpaid revenue related to an out-of-period error recorded in the third quarter of 2021. See Note 2 Revenue Recognition in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 24 

Index to MD A 

 Financial Overview Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (Dollars in millions) Retail service 1 
 2,793 2,757 1 Inbound roaming 67 110 (39) Other 1 
 265 248 7 Service revenues 3,125 3,115 Equipment sales 1,044 1,007 4 Total operating revenues 4,169 4,122 1 System operations (excluding Depreciation, amortization and accretion reported below) 
 755 790 (4) Cost of equipment sold 1,216 1,118 9 Selling, general and administrative 1,408 1,345 5 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 700 678 3 Loss on impairment of licenses 3 N/M (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net 19 23 (18) (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net (1) (2) 52 Total operating expenses 4,100 3,952 4 Operating income 69 170 (59) Net income 35 160 (78) Adjusted OIBDA (Non-GAAP) 2 
 790 869 (9) Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 2 
 956 1,054 (9) Capital expenditures 3 
 717 780 (8) 
 N/M - Percentage change not meaningful 
 1 For 2021, amounts have been adjusted to reclassify 8 million of Internet of Things (IoT) and Reseller revenues from Retail service to Other service. 
 2 Refer to Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures within this MD A for a reconciliation of this measure. 
 3 Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources within this MD A for additional information on Capital expenditures. 
 25 

Index to MD A 

Operating Revenues 
 (Dollars in millions) 

Service revenues consist of: 
 Retail Service Postpaid and prepaid charges for voice, data and value-added services and cost recovery surcharges 
 Inbound Roaming Consideration from other wireless carriers whose customers use UScellular s wireless systems when roaming 
 Other Service Amounts received from the Federal USF, tower rental revenues, miscellaneous other service revenues and Internet of Things (IoT) 
 Equipment revenues consist of: 
 Sales of wireless devices and related accessories to new and existing customers, agents, and third-party distributors 

Key components of changes in the statement of operations line items were as follows: 
 Total operating revenues 
 Retail service revenues increased in 2022 primarily as a result of an increase in Postpaid ARPU, partially offset by a decrease in average postpaid connections, as well as a 9 million out-of-period error that increased revenue recognized in 2021. See Note 2 - Revenue Recognition in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Inbound roaming revenues decreased in 2022, primarily driven by lower data revenues resulting from lower rates and lower usage. UScellular expects inbound roaming revenue to continue to decline during 2023 relative to prior year levels. 
 Other service revenues increased in 2022, resulting from increases in tower rental revenues, miscellaneous revenues, and IoT revenues. 
 Equipment sales revenues increased in 2022, due primarily to increased customer upgrades driven by more promotional activity, combined with a higher average price of new smartphone sales. 
 In recent periods, wireless service providers have increased promotional aggressiveness to attract new customers and retain existing customers. This has included both traditional carriers and cable companies operating through mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs). This increased aggressiveness has contributed to the loss of 133,000 postpaid connections in 2022. It has also led to increased promotional spending, which negatively impacts both Equipment revenues and Retail service revenues. UScellular expects promotional aggressiveness by its competitors to continue during 2023. Operating revenues and Operating income may be negatively impacted by the competitive need to continue to offer significant promotional discounts and lower priced plan offerings to new and existing customers. 
 System operations expenses 
 System operations expenses decreased in 2022, due primarily to decreases in roaming and customer usage expenses, partially offset by an increase in maintenance, utility, and cell site expenses. The decrease in roaming expense was driven by a decrease in roaming rates partially offset by an increase in usage. 
 Cost of equipment sold 
 Cost of equipment sold increased in 2022, due primarily to increased customer upgrades driven by more promotional activity, combined with higher average cost per unit sold. 
 26 

Index to MD A 

 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in 2022, due primarily to increases in bad debts expense partially offset by a decrease in advertising expense. 
 Bad debts expense increased 76 million in 2022 as customer payment behavior and the corresponding rate of involuntary churn returned to pre-COVID-19 pandemic trends in 2022. Involuntary churn had been favorable in the prior year due to the impacts of the pandemic which included government stimulus payments and higher consumer savings rates. In addition, customers have purchased higher priced devices in recent periods, which has resulted in higher write-off amounts per uncollectible account in 2022 relative to 2021. 
 Components of Other Income (Expense) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 (Dollars in millions) Operating income 69 170 (59) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 158 179 (12) Interest and dividend income 8 6 35 Interest expense (163) (175) 7 Total investment and other income 3 10 (73) Income before income taxes 72 180 (60) Income tax expense 37 20 79 Net income 35 160 (78) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 5 5 (3) Net income attributable to UScellular shareholders 30 155 (81) 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities represents UScellular s share of net income from entities in which it has a noncontrolling interest and that are accounted for u sing the equity method or the net asset value practical expedient. UScellular s investment in the Los Angeles SMSA Limited Partnership (LA Partnership) contributed pre-tax income of 65 million and 82 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 8 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities in the Notes to Consolid ated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense decreased in 2022 due primarily to 31 million of unamortized debt issuance costs written off during 2021 related to the redemption of Senior Notes. This was partially offset by an increase in interest expense due to additional borrowings and interest rate increases. 
 Income tax expense 
 Income tax expense increased in 2022 due primarily to the 2021 reduction of tax accruals resulting from expiration of state statutes of limitations of prior tax years, which did not recur in 2022. This was partially offset by the tax effect of the decrease in Income before income taxes. 
 In early 2022, UScellular received an income tax refund of 123 million related to the 2020 net operating loss carryback enabled by the CARES Act. 
 See Note 5 Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 27 

Index to MD A 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 
 UScellular operates a capital-intensive business. In the past, UScellular s existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its financing agreements, and cash flows from operating and certain investing and financing activities, including sales of assets or businesses, provided sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility for UScellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements, to finance the build-out and enhancement of markets and to fund acquisitions, primarily of wireless spectrum licenses. There is no assurance that this will be the case in the future. See Market Risk for additional information regarding maturities of long-term debt. 
 UScellular has incurred negative free cash flow at times in the past and this could occur in the future. However, UScellular believes that existing cash and investment balances, funds available under its financing agreements and expected cash flows from operating and investing activities will provide sufficient liquidity for UScellular to meet its normal day-to-day operating needs and debt service requirements for the next several years. UScellular will continue to monitor the rapidly changing business and market conditions and plans to take appropriate actions, as necessary, to meet its liquidity needs. 
 UScellular may require substantial additional capital for, among other uses, funding day-to-day operating needs including working capital, acquisitions of providers of wireless telecommunications services, wireless spectrum license acquisitions, capital expenditures, agreements to purchase goods or services, leases, debt service requirements, repurchases of shares, or making additional investments. It may be necessary from time to time to increase the size of the existing credit facilities, to amend existing or put in place new credit agreements, or to obtain other forms of financing in order to fund potential expenditures. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash and money market investments. The primary objective of UScellular's Cash and cash equivalents investment activities is to preserve principal. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (Dollars in millions) 

The majority of UScellular s Cash and cash equivalents are held in bank deposit accounts and in money market funds that purchase only debt issued by the U.S. Treasury or U.S. government agencies. Refer to the Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis for additional information related to changes in Cash and cash equivalents. 

In addition to Cash and cash equivalents, UScellular had undrawn borrowing capacity from the following debt facilities at December 31, 2022. See the Financing section below for further details. 
 (Dollars in millions) Revolving Credit Agreement 300 Receivables Securitization Agreement 175 Repurchase Agreement 140 Total undrawn borrowing capacity 615 
 28 

Index to MD A 

 Financing 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 UScellular has an unsecured revolving credit agreement with a maximum borrowing capacity of 300 million. Amounts under the revolving credit agreement may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time until maturity in July 2026. During 2022, UScellular borrowed and repaid 75 million under its revolving credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit agreement, and UScellular s unused borrowing capacity was 300 million. 
 Term Loan Agreements 
 UScellular has term loan agreements with maximum borrowing capacities of 800 million. The maturity dates for the term loan agreements range from July 2026 to July 2031. During 2022, UScellular borrowed an incremental 500 million under its term loan credit agreements. As of December 31, 2022, UScellular has borrowed the full amount available under the agreements and the outstanding borrowings were 796 million. 
 Export Credit Financing Agreement 
 In December 2021, UScellular entered into a 150 million term loan credit facility with Export Development Canada to finance (or refinance) imported equipment, including equipment purchased prior to entering the term loan credit facility agreement. During 2022, UScellular borrowed 150 million, which is the full amount available under the agreement and is due in January 2027. 
 Receivables Securitization Agreement 
 UScellular, through its subsidiaries, has a receivables securitization agreement to permit securitized borrowings using its equipment installment plan receivables. In March 2022, UScellular amended the agreement to extend the maturity date to March 2024. Amounts under the agreement may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time until the maturity date. During 2022, UScellular repaid 250 million and borrowed 75 million under the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings under the agreement were 275 million and the unused borrowing capacity was 175 million, subject to sufficient collateral to satisfy the asset borrowing base provisions of the agreement. 
 In February 2023, UScellular borrowed 25 million under the receivables securitization agreement. 
 Repurchase Agreement 
 In January 2022, UScellular, through a subsidiary (the repo subsidiary), entered into a repurchase agreement to borrow up to 200 million, subject to the availability of eligible equipment installment plan receivables and the agreement of the lender. The transaction is accounted for as a one-month secured borrowing. During 2022, the repo subsidiary borrowed 110 million and repaid 50 million under the repurchase agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings under the agreement were 60 million and the unused borrowing capacity was 140 million. 
 In January 2023, UScellular amended the repurchase agreement to extend the expiration date to January 2024. The outstanding borrowings will bear interest at a rate of the lender's cost of funds (which has historically tracked closely to SOFR) plus 1.35 . There were no significant changes to other terms of the repurchase agreement. 
 Financial Covenants 
 The revolving credit agreement, term loan agreements, export credit financing agreement and receivables securitization agreement require UScellular to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, which include certain financial covenants. In particular, under these agreements, UScellular is required to maintain the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio at a level not lower than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. UScellular also is required to maintain the Consolidated Leverage Ratio at a level not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. UScellular believes that it was in compliance as of December 31, 2022 with all such financial covenants. 
 Other Long-Term Financing 
 UScellular has an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to issue senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred shares and depositary shares. The proceeds from any such issuance may be used for general corporate purposes, including the possible reduction of other short-term or long-term debt; spectrum purchases; capital expenditures; acquisition, construction and development programs; working capital; additional investments in subsidiaries; or the repurchase of shares. The UScellular shelf registration statement permits UScellular to issue at any time and from time to time senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred shares and depositary shares in one or more offerings, up to the amount registered, which is currently 1 billion. The ability of UScellular to complete an offering pursuant to such shelf registration statement is subject to market conditions and other factors at the time. 
 UScellular believes that it was in compliance as of December 31, 2022, with all covenants and other requirements set forth in the UScellular long-term debt indentures. UScellular has not failed to make nor does it expect to fail to make any scheduled payment of principal or interest under such indentures. 
 Refer to Market Risk Long-Term Debt for additional information regarding required principal payments and the weighted average interest rates related to UScellular s Long-term debt. 
 29 

Index to MD A 

 UScellular, at its discretion, may from time to time seek to retire or purchase its outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 See Note 12 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the revolving credit agreement, senior term loan agreement, receivables securitization and export credit financing agreements, Senior Notes and other long-term financing. 
 Credit Ratings 
 In certain circumstances, UScellular s interest cost on its various agreements may be subject to increase if its current credit ratings from nationally recognized credit rating agencies are lowered, and may be subject to decrease if the ratings are raised. UScellular s agreements do not cease to be available nor do the maturity dates accelerate solely as a result of a downgrade in credit rating. However, a downgrade in UScellular s credit rating could adversely affect its ability to renew the agreements or obtain access to other credit agreements in the future. 
 UScellular is rated as a sub-investment grade issuer. The UScellular issuer credit ratings as of December 31, 2022, and the dates such ratings were re-affirmed were as follows: 
 Rating Agency Rating Outlook Moody's (re-affirmed October 2022) Ba1 stable outlook Standard Poor's (re-affirmed October 2022) BB stable outlook Fitch Ratings (re-affirmed February 2022) BB+ stable outlook 
 Capital Requirements 
 The discussion below is intended to highlight some of the significant cash outlays expected during 2023 and beyond and to highlight the spending incurred in current and prior years for these items. This discussion does not include cash required to fund normal operations, and is not a comprehensive list of capital requirements. Significant cash requirements that are not routine or in the normal course of business could arise from time to time. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 UScellular makes substantial investments to acquire, construct and upgrade wireless telecommunications networks and facilities to remain competitive and as a basis for creating long-term value for shareholders. In recent years, rapid changes in technology and new opportunities (such as 5G and VoLTE technology) have required substantial investments in potentially revenue enhancing and cost-saving upgrades of UScellular s networks to remain competitive; this is expected to continue in 2023 and future years with the continued deployment of 5G technology. 
 Capital expenditures (i.e., additions to property, plant and equipment and system development expenditures; excludes wireless spectrum license additions), which include the effects of accruals and capitalized interest, in 2022 and 2021, were as follows: 
 Capital Expenditures 
 (Dollars in millions) 

In 2022, UScellular's capital expenditures were used for the following purposes: 
 Continue network modernization and 5G deployment; 
 Enhance and maintain UScellular's network coverage, including providing additional speed and capacity to accommodate increased data usage by current customers; and 
 Invest in information technology to support existing and new services and products. 
 
 UScellular s capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be between 600 million and 700 million. These expenditures are expected to be used for similar purposes as those listed above. 

30 

Index to MD A 

 Macroeconomic factors may impact the acquisition or cost of products and materials as well as contribute to internal and external labor shortages. 
 UScellular intends to finance its capital expenditures for 2023 using primarily Cash flows from operating activities, existing cash balances and, as required, additional debt financing from its existing agreements and/or other forms of financing. 
 Acquisitions, Divestitures and Exchanges 
 UScellular may be engaged from time to time in negotiations (subject to all applicable regulations) relating to the acquisition, divestiture or exchange of companies, properties or wireless spectrum licenses (including pursuant to FCC auctions). In general, UScellular may not disclose such transactions until there is a definitive agreement. 
 Other Obligations 
 UScellular will require capital for future spending on existing contractual obligations, including long-term debt obligations; lease commitments; commitments for device purchases, network facilities and transport services; agreements for software licensing; long-term marketing programs; commitments for wireless spectrum licenses acquired through FCC auctions; and other agreements to purchase goods or services. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 UScellular consolidates certain variable interest entities as defined under GAAP. See Note 14 Variable Interest Entities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these variable interest entities. UScellular may elect to make additional capital contributions and/or advances to these variable interest entities in future periods in order to fund their operations. 
 Common Share Repurchase Program 
 During 2022, UScellular repurchased 1,589,784 Common Shares for 43 million at an average cost per share of 26.78. At December 31, 2022 , the total cumulative amount of UScellular Common Shares authorized to be repurchased is 1,927,000 . 
 Depending on its future financial performance, construction, development and acquisition programs, and available sources of financing, UScellular may not have sufficient liquidity or capital resources to make share repurchases. Therefore, there is no assurance that UScellular will make any share repurchases in the future. 
 For additional information related to the current repurchase authorization, see Note 16 Common Shareholders Equity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 31 

Index to MD A 

 Consolidated Cash Flow Analysis 
 UScellular operates a capital intensive business. UScellular makes substantial investments to acquire wireless spectrum licenses and properties and to construct and upgrade wireless telecommunications networks and facilities as a basis for creating long-term value for shareholders. In recent years, rapid changes in technology and new opportunities have required substantial investments in potentially revenue enhancing and cost-saving upgrades to UScellular s networks. Cash flows may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to seasonality, timing and other factors. The following discussion summarizes UScellular s cash flow activities in 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 Commentary 
 UScellular s Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash increased 109 million. Net cash provided by operating activities was 832 million due to net income of 35 million adjusted for non-cash items of 761 million and distributions received from unconsolidated entities of 145 million including 59 million in distributions from the LA Partnership. This was partially offset by changes in working capital items which decreased net cash by 109 million. The working capital changes were primarily influenced by an increase in customer and agent receivables and increases in inventory purchases, partially offset by a federal income tax refund of 123 million received during the first quarter. The increase in customer receivables was driven by a high volume of equipment upgrades due to promotional activities and a longer contract term for equipment installment plans. 
 Cash flows used for investing activities were 1,179 million, which included payments for property, plant and equipment of 602 million and payments for wireless spectrum licenses of 585 million. Cash payments for property, plant and equipment are lower than the total capital expenditures in 2022 due primarily to future obligations of certain software license agreements that are recorded as current year capital expenditures but are paid over time. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were 456 million, due primarily to 500 million borrowed under the term loan facilities, 150 million borrowed under the export credit financing agreement, 110 million borrowed under the EIP receivables repurchase agreement, 75 million borrowed under the revolving credit agreement, and 75 million borrowed under the receivables securitization agreement. These were partially offset by 250 million of repayments on the receivables securitization agreement, a 75 million repayment on the revolving credit agreement, a 50 million repayment on the EIP receivables repurchase agreement, the repurchase of 43 million of Common Shares and cash paid for software license agreements of 22 million. 
 2021 Commentary 
 UScellular s Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash decreased 1,092 million. Net cash provided by operating activities was 802 million due to net income of 160 million adjusted for non-cash items of 677 million and distributions received from unconsolidated entities of 176 million including 76 million in distributions from the LA Partnership. This was partially offset by changes in working capital items which decreased net cash by 211 million. The working capital changes were primarily influenced by an increase in customer and agent receivables, a decrease to accrued taxes and the timing of vendor payments. 
 Cash flows used for investing activities were 2,036 million, which included payments for wireless spectrum licenses of 1,322 million, and payments for property, plant and equipment of 724 million. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities were 142 million, reflecting the issuance of 500 million of 5.50 Senior Notes, 625 million borrowed under the receivables securitization agreement, and 217 million borrowed under the term loan. These were partially offset by the redemption of 917 million of UScellular Senior Notes, a 200 million repayment on the receivables securitization agreement, the repurchase of 31 million of Common Shares and payment of debt issuance costs of 22 million. 
 32 

Index to MD A 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 
 The following discussion addresses certain captions in the consolidated balance sheet and changes therein. This discussion is intended to highlight the significant changes and is not intended to fully reconcile the changes. Notable balance sheet changes during 2022 were as follows: 
 Inventory, net 
 Inventory, net increased 88 million due primarily to increased inventory levels to support promotions and ensure adequate device supply. 
 Income taxes receivable 
 Income taxes receivable decreased 119 million due primarily to a federal income tax refund received related to the 2020 net operating loss carryback enabled by the CARES Act. 
 Customer deposits and deferred revenues 
 Customer deposits and deferred revenues increased 48 million due primarily to an increase in contract liabilities resulting from higher promotional activity in the current year. 
 Other current liabilities 
 Other current liabilities increased 231 million due primarily to an increase in the short-term accrual for Auction 107 relocation fees, net borrowings under the EIP receivables repurchase agreement and accruals related to software license agreements. See Note 7 Intangible Assets in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Auction 107 accrual. 
 Long-term debt, net 
 The following table presents the components of the 459 million increase in Long-term debt, net: 
 Long-term debt, net (Dollars in millions) Balance at December 31, 2021 2,728 Borrowings under Revolving Credit Agreements 75 Borrowings under Term Loan Agreements 500 Borrowings under Export Credit Financing Agreement 150 Borrowings under Receivables Securitization Agreement 75 Repayments under Revolving Credit Agreements (75) Repayments under Receivables Securitization Agreement (250) Other (16) Balance at December 31, 2022 3,187 
 Treasury shares 
 Treasury shares increased 30 million due primarily to share repurchases. 
 33 

Index to MD A 

 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 UScellular prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. UScellular s significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 2 Revenue Recognition and Note 10 Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Management believes the application of the following critical accounting policies and the estimates required by such application reflect its most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of UScellular s consolidated financial statements. 
 Wireless Spectrum Licenses 
 Wireless spectrum licenses represent a significant component of UScellular s consolidated assets. Wireless spectrum licenses are considered to be indefinite-lived assets and, therefore, are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment. Significant negative events, such as changes in any of the assumptions described below as well as decreases in forecasted cash flows, could result in an impairment in future periods. Wireless spectrum licenses are tested for impairment at the level of reporting referred to as a unit of accounting. 
 For purposes of the 2022 impairment test, UScellular had one unit of accounting as a result of aggregating all developed operating market wireless spectrum licenses (built wireless spectrum licenses) and non-operating market wireless spectrum licenses (unbuilt wireless spectrum licenses), and for the 2021 test, UScellular had eight units of accounting, which consisted of one unit of accounting for built wireless spectrum licenses and seven unbuilt wireless spectrum licenses. UScellular believes this change in units of accounting assessed for impairment better reflects the integrated use of licenses as part of its national interdependent network. This change does not impact the results of the impairment assessment for the current or prior years. 
 A qualitative assessment of the license values was completed as of November 1, 2022 and November 1, 2021. The qualitative assessment considered several factors, including analyst estimates of wireless spectrum license values which contemplated recent spectrum auction results, recent UScellular and other market participant transactions, and other industry and market factors. Based on these assessments, UScellular concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the unit of accounting exceeded its carrying value. Therefore, no quantitative impairment evaluation was completed. 
 See Note 7 Intangible Assets in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to wireless spectrum licenses activity in 2022 and 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 UScellular is included in a consolidated federal income tax return with other members of the TDS consolidated group. TDS and UScellular are parties to a Tax Allocation Agreement which provides that UScellular and its subsidiaries be included with the TDS affiliated group in a consolidated federal income tax return and in state income or franchise tax returns in certain situations. For financial statement purposes, UScellular and its subsidiaries calculate their income, income tax and credits as if they comprised a separate affiliated group. Under the Tax Allocation Agreement between TDS and UScellular, UScellular remits its applicable income tax payments to TDS, and receives applicable tax refunds from TDS, consistent with when such payments would be paid or received if UScellular and its subsidiaries were a separate affiliated group. 
 The amounts of income tax assets and liabilities, the related income tax provision and the amount of unrecognized tax benefits are critical accounting estimates because such amounts are significant to UScellular s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires UScellular to calculate a provision for income taxes. This process involves estimating the actual current income tax liability together with assessing temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of items for tax purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities which are included on a net basis in UScellular s Consolidated Balance Sheet. UScellular must then assess the likelihood that deferred income tax assets will be realized based on future taxable income and, to the extent management believes that realization is not likely, establish a valuation allowance. Management s judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance that is established for deferred income tax assets. 
 UScellular recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on management s judgment as to the possible outcome that has a greater than 50 cumulative likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. 
 See Note 5 Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 34 

Index to MD A 

 Regulatory Matters 
 5G Fund 
 On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted rules creating the 5G Fund for Rural America, which will distribute up to 9 billion over ten years to bring 5G wireless broadband connectivity to rural America. The 5G Fund will be implemented through a two-phase competitive process, using multi-round auctions to award support. The winning bidders will be required to meet certain minimum speed requirements and interim and final deployment milestones. The order provides that the 5G Fund be in lieu of the previously proposed fund (the Phase II Connect America Mobility Fund) for the development of 4G LTE. The order also provides that over time a growing percentage of the legacy support a carrier receives must be used for 5G deployment. 
 UScellular cannot predict at this time when the 5G fund auction will occur, when the phase down period for its existing legacy support from the Federal USF will commence, or whether the 5G fund auction will provide opportunities to UScellular to offset any loss in existing support. 
 Spectrum Auctions 
 On March 2, 2020, the FCC released a Public Notice establishing procedures for an auction offering wireless spectrum licenses in the 3.5 GHz band (Auction 105). On September 2, 2020, the FCC announced by way of public notice that UScellular was the provisional winning bidder for 243 wireless spectrum licenses for a purchase price of 14 million. On July 15, 2022, the FCC released a Consent Decree related to its spectrum aggregation and ownership attribution rules in which UScellular agreed to relinquish its rights to 27 wireless spectrum licenses awarded in Auction 105 and subsequently received a full refund of 2 million. The remaining 216 wireless spectrum licenses were granted by the FCC on July 26, 2022. 
 On August 7, 2020, the FCC released a Public Notice establishing procedures for an auction offering wireless spectrum licenses in the 3.7-3.98 GHz bands (Auction 107). On February 24, 2021, the FCC announced by way of public notice that UScellular was the provisional winning bidder for 254 wireless spectrum licenses for 1,283 million. UScellular paid 30 million of this amount in 2020 and the remainder in March 2021. The wireless spectrum licenses from Auction 107 were granted by the FCC in July 2021. Additionally, UScellular expects to be obligated to pay approximately 185 million in total from 2021 through 2024 related to relocation costs and accelerated relocation incentive payments. Such additional costs were accrued and capitalized at the time the licenses were granted, and are adjusted as necessary as the estimated obligation changes. UScellular paid 36 million and 8 million related to the additional costs in October 2021 and September 2022, respectively. The spectrum must be cleared by incumbent providers before UScellular can access it. UScellular does not expect to have access to this spectrum until late 2023. 
 On June 9, 2021, the FCC released a Public Notice establishing procedures for an auction offering wireless spectrum licenses in the 3.45-3.55 GHz band (Auction 110). On January 14, 2022, the FCC announced by way of public notice that UScellular was the provisional winning bidder for 380 wireless spectrum licenses for 580 million. UScellular paid 20 million of this amount in 2021 and the remainder in January and February 2022. The wireless spectrum licenses from Auction 110 were granted by the FCC on May 4, 2022. 
 On March 21, 2022, the FCC released a Public Notice establishing procedures for an auction offering wireless spectrum licenses in the 2.5 GHz band (Auction 108). On September 1, 2022, the FCC announced by way of public notice that UScellular was the provisional winning bidder for 34 wireless spectrum licenses for 3 million. The wireless spectrum licenses from Auction 108 were granted by the FCC on December 1, 2022. 
 35 

Index to MD A 

 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 Safe Harbor Cautionary Statement 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other sections of this Annual Report contain statements that are not based on historical facts and represent forward-looking statements, as this term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that address activities, events or developments that UScellular intends, expects, projects, believes, estimates, plans or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. The words believes, anticipates, estimates, expects, plans, intends, projects and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying them. Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, events or developments to be significantly different from any future results, events or developments expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth below. See Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for a further discussion of these risks. Each of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. However, such factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on future results, performance or achievements. UScellular undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers should evaluate any statements in light of these important factors. 
 Operational Risk Factors 
 Intense competition involving products, services, pricing, promotions and network speed and technologies could adversely affect UScellular s revenues or increase its costs to compete. 
 Changes in roaming practices or other factors could cause UScellular's roaming revenues to decline from current levels, roaming expenses to increase from current levels and/or impact UScellular's ability to service its customers in geographic areas where UScellular does not have its own network, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by UScellular to obtain access to adequate radio spectrum to meet current or anticipated future needs and/or to accurately predict future needs for radio spectrum could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 An inability to attract diverse people of outstanding talent throughout all levels of the organization, to develop their potential through education and assignments, and to retain them by keeping them engaged, challenged and properly rewarded could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular s smaller scale relative to larger competitors that may have greater financial and other resources than UScellular could cause UScellular to be unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in various business factors, including changes in demand, consumer preferences and perceptions, price competition, churn from customer switching activity and other factors, could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Advances or changes in technology could render certain technologies used by UScellular obsolete, could put UScellular at a competitive disadvantage, could reduce UScellular s revenues or could increase its costs of doing business. 
 Complexities associated with deploying new technologies present substantial risk and UScellular investments in unproven technologies may not produce the benefits that UScellular expects. 
 Costs, integration problems or other factors associated with acquisitions, divestitures or exchanges of properties or wireless spectrum licenses and/or expansion of UScellular s business could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by UScellular to complete significant network construction and systems implementation activities as part of its plans to improve the quality, coverage, capabilities and capacity of its network, support and other systems and infrastructure could have an adverse effect on its operations. 
 Difficulties involving third parties with which UScellular does business, including changes in UScellular's relationships with or financial or operational difficulties, including supply chain disruptions, of key suppliers or independent agents and third-party national retailers who market UScellular s services, could adversely affect UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A failure by UScellular to maintain flexible and capable telecommunication networks or information technologies, or a material disruption thereof, could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 36 

Index to MD A 

 Financial Risk Factors 
 Uncertainty in UScellular s future cash flow and liquidity or the inability to access capital, deterioration in the capital markets, changes in interest rates, other changes in UScellular s performance or market conditions, changes in UScellular s credit ratings or other factors could limit or restrict the availability of financing on terms and prices acceptable to UScellular, which could require UScellular to reduce its construction, development or acquisition programs, reduce the amount of wireless spectrum licenses acquired, and/or reduce or cease share repurchases. 
 UScellular has a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial performance and in turn adversely affect its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, comply with terms of debt covenants and incur additional debt. 
 UScellular s assets and revenue are concentrated in the U.S. wireless telecommunications industry. Consequently, its operating results may fluctuate based on factors related primarily to conditions in this industry. 
 UScellular has significant investments in entities that it does not control. Losses in the value of such investments could have an adverse effect on UScellular s financial condition or results of operations. 
 Regulatory, Legal and Governance Risk Factors 
 Failure by UScellular to timely or fully comply with any existing applicable legislative and/or regulatory requirements or changes thereto could adversely affect UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 UScellular receives significant regulatory support, and is also subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments the applicability and the amount of the support and fees are subject to great uncertainty, including the ability to pass through certain fees to customers, and this uncertainty could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Settlements, judgments, restraints on its current or future manner of doing business and/or legal costs resulting from pending and future litigation could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The possible development of adverse precedent in litigation or conclusions in professional studies to the effect that radio frequency emissions from wireless devices and/or cell sites cause harmful health consequences, including cancer or tumors, or may interfere with various electronic medical devices or frequencies used by other industries, could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Claims of infringement of intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, primarily involving patent infringement claims, could prevent UScellular from using necessary technology to provide products or services or subject UScellular to expensive intellectual property litigation or monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 There are potential conflicts of interests between TDS and UScellular. 
 Certain matters, such as control by TDS and provisions in the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation, may serve to discourage or make more difficult a change in control of UScellular or have other consequences. 
 General Risk Factors 
 UScellular has experienced, and in the future expects to experience, cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security of varying degrees on a regular basis, which could have an adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Disruption in credit or other financial markets, a deterioration of U.S. or global economic conditions or other events could, among other things, impede UScellular s access to or increase the cost of financing its operating and investment activities and/or result in reduced revenues and lower operating income and cash flows, which would have an adverse effect on UScellular s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The impact of public health emergencies on UScellular's business is uncertain, but depending on duration and severity could have a material adverse effect on UScellular's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 37 

Index to MD A 

 Market Risk 
 Long-Term Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 60 of UScellular's long-term debt was in fixed-rate senior notes and approximately 40 in variable-rate debt. Fluctuations in market interest rates can lead to volatility in the fair value of fixed-rate notes and interest expense on variable-rate debt. 
 The following table presents the scheduled principal payments on long-term debt, lease obligations and the related weighted average interest rates by maturity dates at December 31, 2022: Principal Payments Due by Period Long-Term Debt Obligations 1 
 Weighted-Avg. Interest Rates on Long-Term Debt Obligations 2 
 (Dollars in millions) 2023 13 6.2 2024 20 6.1 2025 20 6.1 2026 268 5.9 2027 158 6.0 Thereafter 2,514 6.1 Total 2,993 6.1 
 1 The total long-term debt obligation differs from Long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet due to unamortized debt issuance costs on all non-revolving debt instruments, unamortized discounts related to the 6.7 Senior Notes, and outstanding borrowings under the receivables securitization agreement, which principal repayments are not scheduled but are instead based on actual receivable collections. See Note 12 Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 2 Represents the weighted average stated interest rates at December 31, 2022, for debt maturing in the respective periods. 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of long-term debt obligations, excluding lease obligations, the current portion of such long-term debt and debt financing costs, was 2,502 million and 2,999 million, respectively, and the book value was 3,244 million and 2,781 million, respectively. See Note 3 Fair Value Measurements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 38 

Index to MD A 

 Supplemental Information Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 UScellular sometimes uses information derived from consolidated financial information but not presented in its financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP to evaluate the performance of its business. Certain of these measures are considered non-GAAP financial measures under U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Rules. Specifically, UScellular has referred to the following measures in this Form 10-K Report: 
 EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted OIBDA 
 Free cash flow 
 
 Following are explanations of each of these measures: 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA are defined as net income adjusted for the items set forth in the reconciliation below. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to Net income or Cash flows from operating activities, as indicators of cash flows or as measures of liquidity. UScellular does not intend to imply that any such items set forth in the reconciliation below are non-recurring, infrequent or unusual; such items may occur in the future. 
 Management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA as measurements of profitability, and therefore, reconciliations to applicable GAAP income measures are deemed appropriate. Management believes Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA are useful measures of UScellular s operating results before significant recurring non-cash charges, gains and losses, and other items as presented below as they provide additional relevant and useful information to investors and other users of UScellular s financial data in evaluating the effectiveness of its operations and underlying business trends in a manner that is consistent with management s evaluation of business performance. Adjusted EBITDA shows adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, and gains and losses, while Adjusted OIBDA reduces this measure further to exclude Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities and Interest and dividend income in order to more effectively show the performance of operating activities excluding investment activities. The following table reconciles EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted OIBDA to the corresponding GAAP measures, Net income and Operating income. 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Net income (GAAP) 35 160 Add back: Income tax expense 
 37 20 Interest expense 
 163 175 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 700 678 EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 935 1,033 Add back or deduct: 
 Loss on impairment of licenses 3 (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net 
 19 23 (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net 
 (1) (2) Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP) 956 1,054 Deduct: Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 
 158 179 Interest and dividend income 
 8 6 Adjusted OIBDA (Non-GAAP) 790 869 Deduct: Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 700 678 Loss on impairment of licenses 3 (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net 
 19 23 (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net 
 (1) (2) Operating income (GAAP) 69 170 
 39 

Index to MD A 

 Free Cash Flow 
 The following table presents Free cash flow, which is defined as Cash flows from operating activities less Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment and Cash paid for software license agreements. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure which UScellular believes may be useful to investors and other users of its financial information in evaluating liquidity, specifically, the amount of net cash generated by business operations after deducting Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment and Cash paid for software license agreements. 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Cash flows from operating activities (GAAP) 832 802 Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment (602) (724) Cash paid for software license agreements (22) (9) Free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 
 208 69 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 See section entitled Market Risk in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Page No. 
 Financial Statements 
 43 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 43 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Assets 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Liabilities and Equity 
 46 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 47 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 
 Reports of Management 
 75 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 76 
 
 42 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Financial Statements 
 
 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Operating revenues Service Equipment sales Total operating revenues Operating expenses System operations (excluding Depreciation, amortization and accretion reported below) Cost of equipment sold Selling, general and administrative Depreciation, amortization and accretion Loss on impairment of licenses (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net ) ) (Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges, net ) Total operating expenses Operating income Investment and other income (expense) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities Interest and dividend income Gain (loss) on investments Interest expense ) ) ) Total investment and other income Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax Net income attributable to UScellular shareholders Basic weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share attributable to UScellular shareholders Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Diluted earnings per share attributable to UScellular shareholders 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) 
 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Add (deduct) adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities Depreciation, amortization and accretion Bad debts expense Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes, net Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated entities Loss on impairment of licenses (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net (Gain) loss on sale of business and other exit costs, net ) ) (Gain) loss on license sales and exchanges, net ) (Gain) loss on investments ) Other operating activities Changes in assets and liabilities from operations Accounts receivable ) ) ) Equipment installment plans receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) Accounts payable ) Customer deposits and deferred revenues Accrued taxes ) ) Other assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Cash paid for licenses ) ) ) Cash received from divestitures and exchanges Advance payments for license acquisitions ) ) Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance of short-term debt Repayment of short-term debt ) Common Shares reissued for benefit plans, net of tax payments ) ) ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Payments to acquire additional interest in subsidiaries ) Cash paid for software license agreements ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period End of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Assets 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Current assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable 
 Customers and agents, less allowances of and , respectively 
 Roaming 
 Other, less allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventory, net 
 Prepaid expenses 
 Income taxes receivable 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Assets held for sale Licenses Investments in unconsolidated entities Property, plant and equipment In service and under construction 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets and deferred charges Total assets 1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Liabilities and Equity 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Affiliated Trade Customer deposits and deferred revenues Accrued taxes Accrued compensation Short-term operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred liabilities and credits Deferred income tax liability, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Other deferred liabilities and credits Long-term debt, net Commitments and contingencies Noncontrolling interests with redemption features Equity UScellular shareholders equity Series A Common and Common Shares Authorized shares Series A Common and Common Shares) 
 Issued shares Series A Common and Common Shares) 
 Outstanding shares Series A Common and Common Shares) and shares Series A Common and Common Shares), respectively 
 Par Value per share) Series A Common and Common Shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares, at cost, and Common Shares, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Total UScellular shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 1 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 million and million, respectively, which are not available to be used to settle the obligations of UScellular. The consolidated total liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, include certain liabilities of consolidated VIEs of million and million, respectively, for which the creditors of the VIEs have no recourse to the general credit of UScellular. See Note 14 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 46 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 UScellular Shareholders Series A 
 Common and 
 Common 
 shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Total UScellular shareholders' equity Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 Total equity (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2021 ) Net income attributable to UScellular shareholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests classified as equity Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Incentive and compensation plans ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 UScellular Shareholders Series A 
 Common and 
 Common 
 shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Total UScellular shareholders' equity Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 Total equity (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2020 ) Net income attributable to UScellular shareholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests classified as equity Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Incentive and compensation plans ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 
 UScellular Shareholders Series A 
 Common and 
 Common 
 shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Total UScellular shareholders' equity Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 Total equity (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of accounting change ) ) ) Net income attributable to UScellular shareholders Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests classified as equity Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) Incentive and compensation plans ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 United States Cellular Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

-owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. (TDS). 
 Nature of Operations 
 UScellular owns, operates and invests in wireless systems throughout the United States. As of December 31, 2022, UScellular served customers with million retail connections. UScellular has reportable segment. 
 Principles of Consolidation 

Use of Estimates 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash included in Other current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the statement of cash flows 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Inventory 
 
 50 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Accumulated amortization ) ) Implementation costs, net 
 . Amortization of implementation costs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Licenses 
 , or in some cases twelve or , the FCC has granted license renewals routinely and at a nominal cost. The wireless spectrum licenses held by UScellular expire at various dates. UScellular believes that it is probable that its future wireless spectrum license renewal applications will be granted. UScellular determined that there are currently no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit the useful lives of the wireless spectrum licenses. Therefore, UScellular has determined that wireless spectrum licenses are indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 UScellular performs its annual impairment assessment of wireless spectrum licenses as of November 1 of each year or more frequently if there are events or circumstances that cause UScellular to believe it is more likely than not that the carrying value of wireless spectrum licenses exceeds fair value. For purposes of the 2022 impairment test, UScellular had unit of accounting as a result of aggregating all developed operating market wireless spectrum licenses (built wireless spectrum licenses) and non-operating market wireless spectrum licenses (unbuilt wireless spectrum licenses), and for the 2021 test, UScellular had units of accounting, which consisted of unit of accounting for built wireless spectrum licenses and unbuilt wireless spectrum licenses. UScellular believes this change in units of accounting assessed for impairment better reflects the integrated use of licenses as part of its national interdependent network. This change does not impact the results of the impairment assessment for the current or prior years. 
 See Note 7 Intangible Assets for additional details related to wireless spectrum licenses. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 51 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 to ; such periods approximate the shorter of the assets economic lives or the specific lease terms. 
 Useful lives of specific assets are reviewed throughout the year to determine if changes in technology or other business changes would warrant accelerating the depreciation of those specific assets. There were no material changes to the assigned useful lives of the various categories of property, plant and equipment in 2022, 2021 or 2020. However, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, depreciation for certain specific assets was accelerated due to changes in technology. See Note 9 Property, Plant and Equipment for additional details related to useful lives. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 asset group for purposes of assessing property, plant and equipment for impairment based on the integrated nature of its assets and operations. The cash flows generated by this single interdependent asset group represent the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. 
 Leases 
 
 Agent Liabilities 
 million and million, respectively, in agent related liabilities. These amounts are included in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 See Note 11 Asset Retirement Obligations for additional information. 
 Treasury Shares 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 See Note 2 Revenue Recognition for additional information on UScellular's policies related to Revenues. 
 Advertising Costs 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 52 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 tax receivable balance with TDS as of December 31, 2022, and a receivable balance of million as of December 31, 2021. In January 2022, UScellular received an income tax refund of million from TDS related to the 2020 net operating loss carryback enabled by the CARES Act. 
 See Note 5 Income Taxes for additional information. 
 Stock-Based Compensation and Other Plans 
 
 See Note 17 Stock-Based Compensation for additional information. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 53 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 54 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 Inbound roaming Other service 1 
 Service revenues from contracts with customers Equipment sales Total revenues from contracts with customers 3 
 
 1 For 2021 and 2020, amounts have been adjusted to reclassify million and million, respectively, of Internet of Things (IoT) and Reseller revenues from Retail service to Other service. 
 2 million out-of-period error related to the timing of recognition of regulatory fee billings. This adjustment had the impact of increasing Service revenue by million in 2021. UScellular determined that this adjustment was not material to any of the periods impacted. 
 3 Revenue line items in this table will not agree to amounts presented in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as the amounts in this table only include revenue resulting from contracts with customers. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities 
 Revenue recognized related to contract liabilities existing at January 1, 2022 was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 55 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Service Revenues 
 (Dollars in millions) 2023 2024 Thereafter Total 
 Contract Cost Assets 
 The contract cost asset balance related to commission fees and other costs was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and was recorded in Other assets and deferred charges in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amortization of contract cost assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Institutional 
 2 Other 
 2 
 Long-term debt excludes lease obligations, the current portion of Long-term debt and debt financing costs. The fair value of Retail Long-term debt was estimated using market prices for UScellular Senior Notes, which are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. UScellular s Institutional debt consists of the Senior Notes which are traded over the counter. UScellular s Other debt consists of term loan credit agreements, receivables securitization agreement and in 2022, an export credit financing agreement. UScellular estimated the fair value of its Institutional and Other debt through a discounted cash flow analysis using the interest rates or estimated yield to maturity for each borrowing, which ranged from to and to at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

56 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Equipment installment plan receivables, net Net balance presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as: Accounts receivable Customers and agents (Current portion) Other assets and deferred charges (Non-current portion) Equipment installment plan receivables, net 
 UScellular uses various inputs, including internal data, information from credit bureaus and other sources, to evaluate the credit profiles of its customers. From this evaluation, a credit class is assigned to the customer that determines the number of eligible lines, the amount of credit available, and the down payment requirement, if any. These credit classes are grouped into four credit categories: lowest risk, lower risk, slight risk and higher risk. A customer's assigned credit class is reviewed periodically and a change is made, if appropriate. An equipment installment plan billed amount is considered past due if not paid within days. 
 Billed current Billed past due Total 
 The balance of the equipment installment plan receivables as of December 31, 2022 on a gross basis by year of origination were as follows: 
 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 (Dollars in millions) Lowest Risk Lower Risk Slight Risk Higher Risk Total 
 Bad debts expense Write-offs, net of recoveries 1 
 ) ) Allowance for credit losses, end of year 
 1 Write-offs increased in 2022 as customer payment behavior returned to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. 
 57 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Net state income taxes receivable 
 ) State ) Deferred Federal State ) Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 1 
 ) ) Change in federal valuation allowance 2 
 Loss carryback benefit of CARES Act 3 
 ) ) Nondeductible compensation Tax credits ) ) ) Other differences, net ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) and rate 
 1 State income taxes, net of federal benefit, include changes in unrecognized tax benefits as well as adjustments to state valuation allowances. State taxes increased in 2022 due primarily to valuation allowance adjustments. State taxes in 2021 are a net benefit due primarily to the reduction of tax accruals resulting from expirations of state statute of limitations for prior tax years. 
 2 Change in federal valuation allowance is due primarily to current year interest expense from partnership investments that carryforward but may not be realized. 
 . 
 58 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Lease liabilities Contract liabilities Interest expense carryforwards Asset retirement obligation Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment Licenses/intangibles Partnership investments Lease assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liability 
 
 At December 31, 2022, UScellular and certain subsidiaries had million of state NOL carryforwards (generating a million deferred tax asset) available to offset future taxable income. The state NOL carryforwards expire between 2023 and 2042. UScellular and certain subsidiaries had million of federal NOL carryforwards (generating a million deferred tax asset) available to offset future taxable income. The federal NOL carryforwards generally expire between 2023 and 2037, with the exception of federal NOLs generated after 2017, which do not expire. A valuation allowance was established for certain federal and state NOL carryforwards since it is more likely than not that a portion of such carryforwards will expire before they can be utilized. 
 At December 31, 2022, UScellular and certain subsidiaries had million of state interest limitation carryforwards (generating a million deferred tax asset) available to offset future taxable income. The state interest limitation carryforwards generally do not expire. UScellular and certain subsidiaries had million of federal interest limitation carryforwards (generating a million deferred tax asset) available to offset future taxable income. The federal interest limitation carryforwards do not expire. A valuation allowance was established for certain federal and state interest limitation carryforwards since it is more likely than not that a portion of such carryforwards will not be utilized. 
 Charged to Income tax expense ) Balance at end of year 
 Additions for tax positions of current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions for settlements of tax positions ) Reductions for lapses in statutes of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits balance at end of year 
 59 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 million, million and million, respectively, net of the federal benefit from state income taxes. 
 UScellular recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in Income tax expense (benefit). The amounts charged to income tax expense related to interest and penalties resulted in nominal expense in 2022, a benefit of million in 2021, and an expense of million in 2020. Net accrued liabilities for interest and penalties were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Other deferred liabilities and credits in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 UScellular is included in TDS consolidated federal and certain state income tax returns. UScellular also files certain state and local income tax returns separately from TDS. With limited exceptions, TDS and UScellular are no longer subject to federal and state income tax audits for the years prior to 2019. 
 
 Weighted average number of shares used in basic earnings per share Effects of dilutive securities Weighted average number of shares used in diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share attributable to UScellular shareholders Diluted earnings per share attributable to UScellular shareholders 
 million shares in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Acquisitions Impairment 1 
 ) Transferred to Assets held for sale ) Exchanges - Licenses received Capitalized interest Balance at end of year 
 
 60 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 wireless spectrum licenses in the 3.7-3.98 GHz bands (Auction 107) for million. UScellular paid million of this amount in 2020 and the remainder in March 2021. The wireless spectrum licenses from Auction 107 were granted by the FCC in July 2021. Additionally, UScellular expects to be obligated to pay approximately million in total from 2021 through 2024 related to relocation costs and accelerated relocation incentive payments. Such additional costs were accrued and capitalized at the time the licenses were granted, and are adjusted as necessary as the estimated obligation changes. UScellular paid million and million related to the additional costs in October 2021 and September 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the remaining estimated payments of approximately million and million are included in Other current liabilities and Other deferred liabilities and credits, respectively, and at December 31, 2021, the remaining payments of approximately million and million are included in Other current liabilities and Other deferred liabilities and credits, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The spectrum must be cleared by incumbent providers before UScellular can access it. UScellular does not expect to have access to this spectrum until late 2023. 
 Auction 110 
 In January 2022, the FCC announced by way of public notice that UScellular was the provisional winning bidder for wireless spectrum licenses in the 3.45-3.55 GHz band (Auction 110) for million. UScellular paid million of this amount in 2021 and the remainder in January and February 2022. The advance payment was included in Other assets and deferred charges in the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The wireless spectrum licenses from Auction 110 were granted by the FCC on May 4, 2022. 

Cumulative share of income Cumulative share of distributions ) ) Total equity method investments Measurement alternative method investments Investments recorded using the net asset value practical expedient Total investments in unconsolidated entities 
 The following tables, which are based on unaudited information provided in part by third parties, summarize the combined assets, liabilities and equity, and results of operations of UScellular s equity method investments: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Assets Current Noncurrent Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Partners capital and shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 61 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) Net income 
 
 Buildings Leasehold and land improvements - 
 Cell site equipment - 
 Switching equipment - 
 Office furniture and equipment - 
 Other operating assets and equipment - 
 System development - 
 Work in process N/A Total property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, (Gain) loss on asset disposals, net included charges of million, million and million, respectively, related to disposals of assets from service in the normal course of business. 

62 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Variable lease cost Total 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 years years Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 1 
 Less: Imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 1 Lease payments exclude million of legally binding lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 Lessor Agreements 
 
 63 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease maturities 
 
 Additional liabilities accrued Revisions in estimated cash outflows Disposition of assets ) ) Accretion expense Balance at end of year 
 
 Letters of credit outstanding Amount borrowed Amount available for use 
 Borrowings under the revolving credit agreement bear interest at a rate of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus . UScellular may select a borrowing period of either one, two, three or six months (or other period of twelve months or less if requested by UScellular and approved by the lenders). UScellular s credit spread and commitment fees on its revolving credit agreement may be subject to increase if its current credit rating from nationally recognized credit rating agencies is lowered, and may be subject to decrease if the rating is raised. 
 During 2022, UScellular borrowed and repaid million under its revolving credit agreeme nt. 
 Term Loan Agreements 
 At December 31, 2022, UScellular had senior term loan credit agreements available for general corporate purposes. 
 64 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Amount borrowed and outstanding Amount borrowed and repaid Amount available for use Interest rate SOFR plus 
 SOFR plus 
 SOFR plus 
 Maturity date July 2026 July 2028 July 2031 Quarterly installments million from March 2023 to December 2023; million from March 2024 to December 2025; million from March 2026 to maturity date 
 million from December 2021 to maturity date 
 million from December 2022 to September 2026; million from December 2026 to maturity date 
 
 In 2022, UScellular borrowed million under the term loan agreements. 
 Export Credit Financing Agreement 
 In December 2021, UScellular entered into a million term loan credit facility with Export Development Canada to finance (or refinance) imported equipment, including equipment purchased prior to entering the term loan credit facility agreement. Borrowings bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus and are due and payable on the five-year anniversary of the first borrowing, which is in January 2027. During 2022, UScellular borrowed million, which is the full amount available under the agreement. 
 Receivables Securitization Agreement 
 At December 31, 2022, UScellular, through its subsidiaries, had a million receivables securitization agreement for securitized borrowings using its equipment installment receivables for general corporate purposes. Amounts under the receivables securitization agreement may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed from time to time until maturity in March 2024. Unless the agreement is amended to extend the maturity date, repayments based on receivable collections commence in April 2024. The outstanding borrowings bear interest at floating rates. During 2022, UScellular repaid million and borrowed million under the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings under the agreement were million and the unused borrowing capacity under the agreement was million, subject to sufficient collateral to satisfy the asset borrowing base provisions of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the USCC Master Note Trust held million of assets pledged as collateral for the receivables securitization agreement. 
 In connection with entering into the receivables securitization agreement in 2017, UScellular formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, USCC Master Note Trust (Trust), which qualifies as a bankruptcy remote entity. Under the terms of the agreement, UScellular, through its subsidiaries, transfers eligible equipment installment receivables to the Trust. The Trust then utilizes the transferred assets as collateral for notes payables issued to third party financial institutions. Since UScellular retains effective control of the transferred assets in the Trust, any activity associated with this receivables securitization agreement will be treated as a secured borrowing. Therefore, UScellular will continue to report equipment installment receivables and any related balances on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Cash received from borrowings under the receivables securitization agreement will be reported as Debt. Refer to Note 14 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 In February 2023, UScellular borrowed million under the receivables securitization agreement. 
 65 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 million, subject to the availability of eligible equipment installment plan receivables and the agreement of the lender. The transaction form involves the sale of receivables by the repo subsidiary and the commitment to repurchase at the end of the applicable repurchase term, which may extend up to one month. The transaction is accounted for as a one-month secured borrowing. The outstanding borrowings bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus . Although the lender holds a security interest in the receivables, the repo subsidiary retains effective control and collection risk of the receivables, and therefore, any activity associated with the repurchase agreement will be treated as a secured borrowing. UScellular will continue to report equipment installment plan receivables and any related balances on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During 2022, the repo subsidiary borrowed million and repaid million under the repurchase agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding borrowings under the agreement were million and the unused borrowing capacity was million. The outstanding borrowings are included in Other current liabilities in the December 31, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022 UScellular held million of assets available for inclusion in the repurchase facility; these assets are distinct from the assets held by the USCC Master Note Trust for UScellular's receivables securitization agreement. 
 In January 2023, UScellular amended the repurchase agreement to extend the expiration date to January 2024. The outstanding borrowings will bear interest at a rate of the lender's cost of funds (which has historically tracked closely to SOFR) plus . There were no significant changes to other terms of the repurchase agreement. 
 Financial Covenants and Other 
 The revolving credit agreement, term loan agreements, export credit financing agreement and receivables securitization agreement require UScellular to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, which include certain financial covenants. In particular, under these agreements, UScellular is required to maintain the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio at a level not lower than to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. UScellular also is required to maintain the Consolidated Leverage Ratio at a level not to exceed to 1.00 as of the end of any fiscal quarter. UScellular believes that it was in compliance as of December 31, 2022 with all such financial covenants. 
 In connection with the revolving credit agreement, term loan agreements and export credit financing agreement, TDS and UScellular entered into subordination agreements together with the administrative agents for the lenders under each agreement. Pursuant to these subordination agreements, (a) any consolidated funded indebtedness from UScellular to TDS will be unsecured and (b) any (i) consolidated funded indebtedness from UScellular to TDS (other than refinancing indebtedness as defined in the subordination agreements) in excess of million and (ii) refinancing indebtedness in excess of million will be subordinated and made junior in right of payment to the prior payment in full of obligations to the lenders under each agreement. As of December 31, 2022, UScellular had outstanding consolidated funded indebtedness or refinancing indebtedness that was subordinated to each agreement pursuant to the subordination agreements. 
 Certain UScellular wholly-owned subsidiaries have jointly and severally unconditionally guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of UScellular under the revolving credit agreement, term loan agreements and export credit agreement. Other subsidiaries that meet certain criteria will be required to provide a similar guaranty in the future. UScellular entered into a performance guaranty whereby UScellular guarantees the performance of certain wholly-owned subsidiaries under the receivables securitization agreement and repurchase agreement. 
 66 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Dec 2003 and June 2004 Dec 2033 Dec 2003 and June 2004 Aug 2020 Sep 2069 Sep 2025 Dec 2020 Mar 2070 Mar 2026 May 2021 Jun 2070 Jun 2026 Term Loans EIP Securitization Export Credit Financing Finance lease obligations Total long-term debt Long-term debt, current Long-term debt, noncurrent 
 UScellular redeemed million of outstanding Senior Notes in 2021. At time of redemption, million of interest expense was recorded related to unamortized debt issuance costs for the notes. The notes were redeemed at a price of of the principal amount, including accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 UScellular may redeem its 6.25 Senior Notes, 5.5 March 2070 Senior Notes and 5.5 June 2070 Senior Notes, in whole or in part at any time after the respective call date, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. UScellular may redeem the 6.7 Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to maturity at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, or (b) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at the Treasury Rate plus 30 basis points. 
 Interest on the Senior Notes outstanding at December 31, 2022, is payable quarterly, with the exception of the 6.7 Senior Notes for which interest is payable semi-annually. 
 The annual requirements for principal payments on long-term debt are approximately million, million, million, million and million for the years 2023 through 2027, respectively. These amounts do not include payments on the million of outstanding borrowings under the receivables securitization agreement. If the maturity date of the facility is not extended, principal repayments begin in April 2024. Principal repayments are not scheduled but are instead based on actual receivable collections. 
 The covenants associated with UScellular s long-term debt obligations, among other things, restrict UScellular s ability, subject to certain exclusions, to incur additional liens, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and sell, consolidate or merge assets. 
 UScellular s long-term debt notes do not contain any provisions resulting in acceleration of the maturities of outstanding debt in the event of a change in UScellular s credit rating. 
 67 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 UScellular had significant accruals with respect to legal proceedings and unasserted claims as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In April 2018, the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) notified UScellular and its parent, TDS, that it was conducting inquiries of UScellular and TDS under the federal False Claims Act relating to UScellular s participation in wireless spectrum license auctions 58, 66, 73 and 97 conducted by the FCC. UScellular is/was a limited partner in several limited partnerships which qualified for the bid credit in each auction. The investigation arose from civil actions under the Federal False Claims Act brought by private parties in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. In November and December 2019, following the DOJ s investigation, the DOJ informed UScellular and TDS that it would not intervene in the above-referenced actions. Subsequently, the private party plaintiffs filed amended complaints in both actions in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma and are continuing the action on their own. In July 2020, these actions were transferred to the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. UScellular believes that its arrangements with the limited partnerships and the limited partnerships participation in the FCC auctions complied with applicable law and FCC rules. At this time, UScellular cannot predict the outcome of any proceeding. 

UScellular formed USCC EIP LLC (Seller/Sub-Servicer), USCC Receivables Funding LLC (Transferor) and the Trust, collectively the special purpose entities (SPEs), to facilitate a securitized borrowing using its equipment installment plan receivables. Under a Receivables Sale Agreement, UScellular wholly-owned, majority-owned and unconsolidated entities, collectively referred to as affiliated entities , transfer device equipment installment plan contracts to the Seller/Sub-Servicer. The Seller/Sub-Servicer aggregates device equipment installment plan contracts, and performs servicing, collection and all other administrative activities related to accounting for the equipment installment plan contracts. The Seller/Sub-Servicer sells the eligible equipment installment plan receivables to the Transferor, a bankruptcy remote entity, which subsequently sells the receivables to the Trust. The Trust, which is bankruptcy remote and isolated from the creditors of UScellular, will be responsible for issuing asset-backed variable funding notes (Notes), which are collateralized by the equipment installment plan receivables owned by the Trust. Given that UScellular has the power to direct the activities of these SPEs, and that these SPEs lack sufficient equity to finance their activities, UScellular is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in the SPEs and, therefore, consolidates them. All transactions with third parties (e.g., issuance of the asset-backed variable funding notes) will be accounted for as a secured borrowing due to the pledging of equipment installment plan contracts as collateral, significant continuing involvement in the transferred assets, subordinated interests of the cash flows, and continued evidence of control of the receivables. Refer to Note 12 Debt, Receivables Securitization Agreement for additional details regarding the securitization agreement for which these entities were established. 
 The following VIEs were formed to participate in FCC auctions of wireless spectrum licenses and to fund, establish, and provide wireless service with respect to any FCC wireless spectrum licenses won in the auctions: 
 Advantage Spectrum, L.P. (Advantage Spectrum) and Sunshine Spectrum, Inc., the general partner of Advantage Spectrum; and 
 King Street Wireless, L.P. (King Street Wireless) and King Street Wireless, Inc., the general partner of King Street Wireless. 
 68 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Accounts receivable Inventory, net Other current assets Licenses Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets and deferred charges Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other deferred liabilities and credits Total liabilities 1 
 
 1 Total liabilities does not include amounts borrowed under the receivables securitization agreement. See Note 12 Debt for additional information. 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 UScellular manages the operations of and holds a variable interest in certain other limited partnerships, but is not the primary beneficiary of these entities and, therefore, does not consolidate them under the variable interest model. 
 UScellular s total investment in these unconsolidated entities was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is included in Investments in unconsolidated entities in UScellular s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The maximum exposure from unconsolidated VIEs is limited to the investment held by UScellular in those entities. 
 Other Related Matters 
 UScellular made contributions, loans or advances to its VIEs totaling million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; of which million in 2022 and million in 2020 are related to USCC EIP LLC as discussed above. UScellular may agree to make additional capital contributions and/or advances to these or other VIEs and/or to their general partners to provide additional funding for operations or the development of wireless spectrum licenses granted in various auctions. UScellular may finance such amounts with a combination of cash on hand, borrowings under its revolving credit or receivables securitization agreements and/or other long-term debt. There is no assurance that UScellular will be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all to provide such financial support. 
 69 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

million. This amount excludes redemption amounts recorded in Noncontrolling interests with redemption features in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The estimate of settlement value was based on certain factors and assumptions which are subjective in nature. Changes in those factors and assumptions could result in a materially larger or smaller settlement amount. The corresponding carrying value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests in finite-lived consolidated partnerships at December 31, 2022, was million, and is included in Noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The excess of the aggregate settlement value over the aggregate carrying value of these mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests is due primarily to the unrecognized appreciation of the noncontrolling interest holders share of the underlying net assets in the consolidated partnerships. Neither the noncontrolling interest holders share, nor UScellular s share, of the appreciation of the underlying net assets of these subsidiaries is reflected in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 votes per share, compared to vote for each Common Share. The Series A Common Shares are entitled to elect of the directors (rounded down), and the Common Shares elect of the directors (rounded up). As of December 31, 2022, a majority of UScellular s outstanding Common Shares and all of UScellular s outstanding Series A Common Shares were held by TDS. 
 Common Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2009, UScellular announced by Form 8-K that the Board of Directors of UScellular authorized the repurchase of up to Common Shares on an annual basis beginning in 2009 and continuing each year thereafter, on a cumulative basis. In December 2016, the UScellular Board amended this authorization to provide that, beginning on January 1, 2017, the authorized repurchase amount with respect to a particular year will be any amount from to Common Shares, as determined by the Pricing Committee of the Board of Directors, and that if the Pricing Committee did not specify an amount for any year, such amount would be zero for such year. The Pricing Committee has not specified any increase in the authorization since that time. The Pricing Committee also was authorized to decrease the cumulative amount of the authorization at any time, but has not taken any action to do so at this time. As of December 31, 2022, the total cumulative amount of Common Shares authorized to be purchased is . The authorization provides that share repurchases will be made pursuant to open market purchases, block purchases, private purchases, or otherwise, depending on market prices and other conditions. This authorization does not have an expiration date. 
 Tax-Deferred Savings Plan 
 At December 31, 2022, UScellular has reserved Common Shares for issuance under the TDS Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, a qualified profit sharing plan pursuant to Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Participating employees have the option of investing their contributions in a UScellular Common Share fund, a TDS Common Share fund or certain unaffiliated funds. 
 70 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Common Shares for equity awards granted and to be granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plans and Common Shares for issuance under the Non-Employee Director compensation plan. 
 UScellular uses treasury stock to satisfy requirements for Common Shares issued pursuant to its various stock-based compensation plans. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans Restricted Stock Units 
 Restricted stock unit awards granted to key employees generally vest after . The restricted stock unit awards currently outstanding were granted in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and will vest in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 UScellular estimates the fair value of restricted stock units based on the closing market price of UScellular shares on the date of grant. The fair value is then recognized as compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of the restricted stock units granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans Performance Share Units 
 Beginning in 2017, UScellular granted performance share units to key employees. The performance share units generally vest after . Beginning with the 2021 grants, each recipient may be entitled to shares of UScellular common stock equal to to of a communicated target award depending on the achievement of a predetermined performance based operating target over the performance period, which is generally a three-year period beginning on January 1 in the year of grant to December 31 of the third year. The performance-based operating target for the 2021 and 2022 grants is Return on Capital. 
 Prior to the 2021 grants, each recipient was entitled to shares of UScellular common stock equal to to of a communicated target award depending on the achievement of predetermined performance-based operating targets over the performance period, which was generally a one-year period beginning on January 1 in the year of grant to December 31 in the year of grant. The remaining time through the end of the vesting period is considered the time-based period . Performance-based operating targets for grants made in 2020 included Consolidated Total Service Revenues, Consolidated Operating Cash Flow, Consolidated Capital Expenditures and Postpaid Handset Voluntary Defections; and for grants made prior to 2020 included Simple Free Cash Flow, Consolidated Total Operating Revenues and Postpaid Handset Voluntary Defections. Grants made prior to 2021 are subject to vesting during the time-based period and their performance share unit award agreements provide that in no event shall the awards be less than of the target opportunity as of their grant dates. The performance share units currently outstanding were granted in 2020, 2021 and 2022 and will vest in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 Additionally, UScellular granted performance share units during 2020 to a newly appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. The recipient may be entitled to shares of UScellular common stock equal to of the communicated target award depending on the achievement of predetermined performance-based operating targets over the performance period, which is any two calendar-year period commencing no earlier than January 1, 2021 and ending no later than December 31, 2026. Performance-based operating targets include Average Total Revenue Growth and Average Annual Return on Capital. If one, or both, of the performance targets are not satisfied, the award will be forfeited. 
 71 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of performance share units that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of the performance share units granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans Stock Options 
 UScellular's last stock option grant occurred in 2016. 
 Stock options outstanding, and the related weighted average exercise price, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were units at and units at , respectively. All stock options are exercisable and expire between 2023 and 2026. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of UScellular stock options exercised in 2021 was less than million. stock options were exercised in 2022 or 2020. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans Deferred Compensation Stock Units 
 Certain UScellular employees may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of their annual bonuses and to receive a company matching contribution on the amount deferred. All bonus compensation that is deferred by employees electing to participate is immediately vested and is deemed to be invested in UScellular Common Share stock units. Beginning with the 2021 performance year, the amount of UScellular's matching contribution is a match for the amount of their total annual bonus that is deferred into the program. Prior to the 2021 performance year, the amount of UScellular s matching contribution was a match for amounts deferred up to 50 of their total annual bonus and a match for amounts that exceeded 50 of their total annual bonus. Matching contributions are also deemed to be invested in UScellular Common Share stock units and vest over . 
 Compensation of Non-Employee Directors 
 UScellular issued , and Common Shares in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under its Non-Employee Director compensation plan. 
 Stock Based Compensation Expense 
 Performance share unit awards Awards under Non-Employee Director compensation plan Total stock-based compensation expense, before income taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of income taxes 
 72 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 System operations expense Total stock-based compensation expense 
 At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost for all UScellular stock based compensation awards was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 UScellular s tax benefits realized from the exercise of stock options and the vesting of other awards totaled million in 2022. 

Income taxes paid, net of (refunds received) ) ) 
 Aggregate value of Common Shares withheld Cash disbursements for payment of taxes ) ) ) 
 Software License Agreements 
 Certain software licenses are recorded as acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and the incurrence of a liability to the extent that the license fees are not fully paid at acquisition, and are treated as non-cash activity in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Such acquisitions of software licenses that are not reflected as Cash paid for additions to property, plant and equipment were million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, liabilities of million and million related to software license agreements were recorded to Other current liabilities and Other deferred liabilities and credits, respectively, and at December 31, 2021, liabilities of million and million related to software license agreements were recorded to Other current liabilities and Other deferred liabilities and credits, respectively. 
 
 73 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 UScellular is billed for all services it receives from TDS, pursuant to the terms of various agreements between it and TDS. These billings are included in UScellular's Systems operations and Selling, general and administrative expenses. Some of these agreements were established at a time prior to UScellular's initial public offering when TDS owned more than of UScellular's outstanding capital stock and may not reflect terms that would be obtainable from an unrelated third party through arms-length negotiations. Billings from TDS and certain of its subsidiaries to UScellular are based on expenses specifically identified to UScellular and on allocations of common expenses. Such allocations are based on the relationship of UScellular's assets, employees, investment in property, plant and equipment and expenses relative to all subsidiaries in the TDS consolidated group. Management believes the method TDS uses to allocate common expenses is reasonable and that all expenses and costs applicable to UScellular are reflected in its financial statements. Billings to UScellular from TDS totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of UScellular is responsible for the review and evaluation of all related-party transactions as such term is defined by the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 74 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reports of Management 
 
 Management s Responsibility for Financial Statements 
 Management of United States Cellular Corporation has the responsibility for preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements and for their integrity and objectivity. The statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and, in management s opinion, were fairly presented. The financial statements included amounts that were based on management s best estimates and judgments. Management also prepared the other information in the annual report and is responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the financial statements. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID ), an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and has expressed herein its unqualified opinion on these financial statements. 
 
 75 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of United States Cellular Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United States Cellular Corporation and its subsidiaries the Company or UScellular as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in equity, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 76 

Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Revenue Recognition - Retail Service and Equipment Sales Revenue 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenues from retail services through the sale of wireless services including voice, messaging, and data services, as well as revenues from equipment sales through the sale of wireless devices and accessories. The Company recognizes wireless service revenue as the wireless service is provided to the customer. Wireless services are generally billed and paid in advance on a monthly basis. The Company offers a comprehensive range of wireless devices such as handsets, tablets, mobile hotspots, home phones, and routers for use by its customers. The Company also sells wireless devices to agents and other third-party distributors for resale. The Company also offers customers the option to purchase certain devices and accessories under installment contracts over a specified time period. The Company recognizes revenue in equipment sales revenues when control of the device or accessory is transferred to the customer, agent or third-party distributor, which is generally upon delivery. The Company s retail service and equipment sales revenue was 2,793 million and 1,044 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - retail service and equipment sales revenue is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the retail service and equipment sales revenue recognition processes. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing whether the criteria for recognition of retail service and equipment sales revenue had been met by obtaining and inspecting invoices, shipping documents, where applicable, and cash receipts from customers for a sample of revenue transactions, (ii) testing discounts and rebates for a sample of transactions, (iii) evaluating the allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, where applicable, (iv) recalculating the appropriateness of the retail service and equipment sales revenue recognized based on the terms of each arrangement for a sample of transactions, and (v) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2022, and obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as invoices, sales contracts, shipping documents, and subsequent cash receipts, for confirmations not returned. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 UScellular maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to UScellular s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), UScellular carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of UScellular s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that UScellular s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. UScellular s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). UScellular s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and, where required, the board of directors of the issuer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on the interim or annual consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of UScellular s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, UScellular conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in the 2013 version of Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Management has concluded that UScellular maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 version of Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 
 The effectiveness of UScellular s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in the firm s report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in UScellular s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, UScellular s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement sections entitled Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Executive Officers." 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement section entitled Executive and Director Compensation. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement sections entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement sections entitled Corporate Governance and Other Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference from Proxy Statement section entitled Fees Paid to Principal Accountants. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 43 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 45 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 47 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 76 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 78 
 (2) Exhibits The exhibits set forth below are filed as a part of this Report. Compensatory plans or arrangements are identified below with an asterisk. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description of Documents 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2014. 
 3.2 UScellular Amended and Restated Bylaws are hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 28, 2022. 
 4.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation incorporated herein as Exhibit 3.1. 
 4.2 UScellular Amended and Restated Bylaws are incorporated herein as Exhibit 3.2. 
 4.3(a) Indenture for Senior Debt Securities dated June 1, 2002, between UScellular and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., formerly known as BNY Midwest Trust Company of New York (BNY) is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-3 dated May 31, 2013 (File No. 333-188971). 
 4.3(b) Form of Third Supplemental Indenture dated December 3, 2003, between UScellular and BNY Midwest Trust Company, relating to 444,000,000 of UScellular s 6.7 Senior Notes due 2033, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 3, 2003. 
 4.3(c) Form of Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated June 21, 2004, between UScellular and BNY Midwest Trust Company, relating to 100,000,000 of UScellular s 6.7 Senior Notes due 2033, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2004. 
 4.3(d) Form of Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2020, between UScellular and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., related to 500,000,000 of UScellular's 6.25 Senior Notes due 2069, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to UScellular's Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated August 12, 2020. 
 4.3(e) Form of Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2020, between UScellular and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., related to 500,000,000 of UScellular's 5.5 Senior Notes due 2070 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to UScellular's Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated December 2, 2020. 
 4.3(f) Form of Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 17, 2021, between UScellular and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., related to 500,000,000 of UScellular's 5.5 Senior Notes due 2070 is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to UScellular's Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated May 17, 2021. 
 4.4 Indenture for Subordinated Debt Securities between UScellular and BNY is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 16, 2013. 
 4.5(a) Master Indenture for asset-backed notes by and among USCC Master Note Trust, USCC Services, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated December 20, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular s Form 8-K dated December 20, 2017. 
 4.5(b) Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Master Indenture, Series 2017-VFN Indenture Supplement, Note Purchase Agreement, Receivables Purchase Agreement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement dated September 30, 2019 among USCC Master Note Trust, U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, USCC Services, LLC, USCC Receivables Funding LLC, USCC EIP LLC, and Royal Bank of Canada, as administrative agent for owners of the notes is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 4.6(a) Amended and Restated Series 2017-VFN Indenture Supplement by and among USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated October 23, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular's Form 8-K dated October 23, 2020. 
 4.6(b) Supplemental Indenture No. 2 by and among USCC Master Note Trust, USCC Services LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated October 23, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 from UScellular's Form 8-K dated October 23, 2020. 
 4.6(c) Supplemental Indenture No. 3 by and among USCC Master Note Trust, USCC Services LLC, U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated July 21, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021. 
 4.6(d) Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Series 2017-VPN Indenture Supplement, Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplemental Indenture No. 4 to Master Indenture by and among USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, UScellular, as Performance Guarantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated March 10, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 4.6(e) Omnibus Amendment No. 3 to Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplemental Indenture No. 5 to Master Indenture by and among USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated February 6, 2023. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 4.7(a) Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among UScellular, CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of July 30, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021. 
 4.7(b) First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among UScellular, CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of December 9, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8(b) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 4.8(a) First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among UScellular, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of July 20, 2021, including the form of subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 20, 2021. 
 4.8(b) First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among UScellular, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of December 9, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9(b) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 4.9 Senior Term Loan Credit Agreement, among UScellular, Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as administrative agent, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of December 9, 2021, including the form of subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 9, 2021. 
 4.10 Credit Agreement, among UScellular, Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent, Global Coordinator, Mandated Lead Arranger and a Lender, Export Development Canada as Mandated Lead Arranger and a Lender, and the other lenders thereto, dated as of December 17, 2021, including the form of subsidiary Guaranty and Subordination Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2021. 
 4.11 Description of UScellular's Securities. 
 9.1 Amendment and Restatement (dated April 22, 2005) of Voting Trust Agreement dated June 30, 1989 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Exhibit filed on Amendment No. 3 to the Schedule 13D dated May 2, 2005, filed by the trustees of such voting trust with respect to TDS Common Shares. 
 10.1 Tax Allocation Agreement between UScellular and TDS is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.2 Cash Management Agreement between UScellular and TDS dated December 15, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UScellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement between UScellular and TDS is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.4 Exchange Agreement between UScellular and TDS, as amended, is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.5 Intercompany Agreement between UScellular and TDS is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.6 Employee Benefit Plans Agreement between UScellular and TDS is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.7 Insurance Cost Sharing Agreement between UScellular and TDS is hereby incorporated by reference to an exhibit to UScellular s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-16975). 10.8(a) TDS Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to TDS Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 27, 2008. 
 10.8(b) Amendment Number One to the TDS Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to TDS Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 15, 2012. 
 10.8(c) Amendment Number Two to the TDS Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to TDS Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2014. 
 10.9 UScellular Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to UScellular s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2017. 
 10.10(a) UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the UScellular Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement dated April 12, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 12, 2016. 
 10.10(b) Amendment No. 1 to UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the UScellular Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement dated April 12, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 12, 2016. 
 10.10(c) Amendment No. 2 to UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11(c) to UScellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 10.10(d) Amendment No. 3 to UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11(d) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.10(e) Amendment No. 4 to UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10(e) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.11(a) UScellular Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Executive Deferred Compensation Agreement Phantom Stock Account for officers is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 14, 2013. 
 10.11(b) UScellular Form of Long-Term Incentive Plan Executive Deferred Compensation Agreement Phantom Stock Account is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12(b) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.12(a) UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10, 2007. 
 10.12(b) First Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to UScellular s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 9, 2008. 
 10.12(c) Second Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12(c) to UScellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 10.12(d) Election Form for UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12(d) to UScellular s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 10.12(e) Third Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(e) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.12(f) Fourth Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(f) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.12(g) Fifth Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(g) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.12(h) Sixth Amendment to UScellular Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13(h) to UScellular's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.13 2019 Master Service Agreement effective October 1, 2019 between USCC Services, LLC, and Amdocs Tethys Limited is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 10.14 Amended and Restated Software License and Maintenance Agreement effective October 1, 2019 between USCC Services, LLC and Amdocs Tethys Limited is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 10.15 2019 Master Statement of Work for Managed Services, effective October 1, 2019 between USCC Services, LLC and Amdocs Tethys Limited is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 10.16 2019 Managed Services Statement of Work No. 1 effective October 1, 2019 between USCC Services, LLC and Amdocs Tethys Limited is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019. 
 10.17 Performance Guaranty and Parent Undertaking Agreement by UScellular in favor of the Guaranteed Parties defined therein, dated December 20, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UScellular s Form 8-K dated December 20, 2017. 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement between USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as transferor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to UScellular s Form 8-K dated December 20, 2017. 
 10.19 Form of Letter Agreement effective May 22, 2018, between UScellular and Deirdre C. Drake is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 22, 2018. 
 10.20 Letter Agreement between UScellular and Douglas W. Chambers is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated May 21, 2019. 
 10.21 Letter Agreement between UScellular and Michael S. Irizarry dated March 31, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 
 10.22 Letter Agreement between UScellular and Laurent C. Therivel dated June 1, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 10.23(a) Amended and Restated Series 2017-VFN Note Purchase Agreement by and among USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, UScellular as Performance Guarantor, and Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent for owners of the notes, dated October 23, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from UScellular's Form 8-K dated October 23, 2020. 
 10.23(b) Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Series 2017-VFN Note Purchase Agreement by and among USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, UScellular as Performance Guarantor, and Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent for owners of the notes, dated June 29, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021. 
 10.23(c) Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Series 2017-VPN Indenture Supplement, Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplemental Indenture No. 4 to Master Indenture by and among USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, UScellular, as Performance Guarantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated March 10, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.23(d) Omnibus Amendment No. 3 to Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplemental Indenture No. 5 to Master Indenture by and among USCC Master Note Trust, as Issuer, USCC Services, LLC, as Servicer, USCC Receivables Funding LLC, as Transferor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, dated February 6, 2023 incorporated herein as Exhibit 4.6(e). 
 10.24 UScellular 2021 Executive Deferred Compensation Interest Account Plan effective January 1, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021. 
 10.25 Master Framework Agreement, effective January 26, 2022, between USCC EIP LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2022. 
 10.26 Master Repurchase Agreement (including Annex I thereto), effective January 26, 2022, between USCC EIP LLC and MUFG Bank, LTD., New York Branch, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2022. 
 10.27 Performance Guaranty under the Master Framework Agreement, effective January 26, 2022, by United States Cellular Corporation in favor of MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2022. 
 10.28 First Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Agreements between USCC EIP LLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd., New York Branch, dated January 31, 2023. 
 10.29 2022 Officer Annual Incentive Plan effective January 1, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UScellular's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 13, 2022. 
 10.30 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.31 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.32 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.33 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 Performance Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.34 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2021 Performance Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.35 Form of 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2020 Accomplishment Award Agreement for the President and CEO, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.36 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2016 Stock Option Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.37 United States Cellular Corporation 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, is hereby incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the UScellular definitive proxy statement dated April 5, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on Schedule 14A on April 5, 2022. 
 10.38 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022 Performance Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 10.39 Form of UScellular 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, is hereby incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to UScellular's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022. 
 10.40 Consulting Agreement between J. Samuel Crowley and UScellular dated January 3, 2023. 
 21 Subsidiaries of UScellular. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 31.1 Principal executive officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 Principal executive officer certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 32.2 Principal financial officer certification pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline document. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Indicates a paper filing prior to the adoption of EDGAR. Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION By: /s/ Laurent C. Therivel Laurent C. Therivel President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: February 16, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 By: /s/ Douglas W. Chambers Douglas W. Chambers Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Anita J. Kroll Anita J. Kroll Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) Date: February 16, 2023 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. Director February 16, 2023 LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. /s/ Laurent C. Therivel Director February 16, 2023 Laurent C. Therivel /s/ James W. Butman Director February 16, 2023 James W. Butman /s/ Walter C. D. Carlson Director February 16, 2023 Walter C. D. Carlson /s/ Douglas W. Chambers Director February 16, 2023 Douglas W. Chambers /s/ Deirdre C. Drake Director February 16, 2023 Deirdre C. Drake /s/ Harry J. Harczak, Jr. Director February 16, 2023 Harry J. Harczak, Jr. /s/ Esteban C. Iriarte 
 Director February 16, 2023 Esteban C. Iriarte 
 /s/ Michael S. Irizarry Director February 16, 2023 Michael S. Irizarry /s/ Gregory P. Josefowicz Director February 16, 2023 Gregory P. Josefowicz /s/ Cecelia D. Stewart Director February 16, 2023 Cecelia D. Stewart /s/ Vicki L. Villacrez Director February 16, 2023 Vicki L. Villacrez /s/ Xavier D. Williams Director February 16, 2023 Xavier D. Williams 

<EX-4.6(E)>
 2
 usm202210-kexhibit46e.htm
 EX-4.6(E)

Document 

Exhibit 4.6(e) 
 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO 
 TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 5 TO MASTER INDENTURE 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 5 TO MASTER INDENTURE (this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of February 6, 2023, is by and among USCC MASTER NOTE TRUST, a Delaware statutory trust (together with its permitted successors and assigns, the Issuer ), USCC SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), USCC RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Transferor ), ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as successor to U.S. Bank National Association, as indenture trustee (herein, together with its successors in the trusts under the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee and as paying agent (herein, together with its successors and assigns, the Paying Agent ), U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association USBNA ), as account bank (herein, together with its successors and assigns, the Account Bank and as securities intermediary (herein, together with its successors and assigns, the Securities Intermediary ), and the Managing Agents parties hereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Indenture (as defined below). 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, have entered into that certain Master Indenture, dated as of December 20, 2017, as agreed to and accepted (with respect to Section 6.7(c) thereof) by USCC (the Master Indenture ), as amended by Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of November 30, 2018 Supplement No. 1 ), and as amended by Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Master Indenture, Series 2017-VFN Indenture Supplement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2019 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 ), and as further amended by Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of October 23, 2020 Supplement No. 2 ), and as supplemented by the Amended and Restated Series 2017-VFN Indenture Supplement, dated as of October 23, 2020 (the Series Supplement ), among the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee, and as amended by Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of July 21, 2021 Supplement No. 3 ), and as amended by Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Series 2017-VFN Indenture Supplement, Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplement Indenture No. 4 to Master Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2022 Supplement No. 4 and the Master Indenture, together with the Series Supplement, Supplement No. 1, Omnibus Amendment No. 1, Supplement No. 2, Supplement No. 3 and Supplement No. 4, as may further be amended and or supplemented from time to time, the Indenture 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 10.2 of the Master Indenture, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee are authorized to amend and enter into supplemental indentures to the Indenture from time to time with the consent of the Holders of more than 50 of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes of each adversely affected Series or Class, as applicable, of Notes Outstanding, by an Act, made in the manner set forth in Section 12.3 of the Master Indenture, of such Holders delivered to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee (the Requisite Amendment Consent as more fully set forth in Section 10.2 of the Master Indenture, and no such adversely affected Series or Class is rated by a Rating Agency 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer has requested that (i) USBNA join the Master Indenture as Account Bank and Securities Intermediary and (ii) certain terms included in the Indenture be amended as described herein 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee an Issuer Order, dated as of the date hereof (the Related Issuer Order ), authorizing such amendment, as required by Section 10.2 of the Master Indenture 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer has delivered to the Indenture Trustee (with the consent of all Noteholders (the Requisite Certificate Consent and, together with the Requisite Amendment Consent, the Requisite Consent )) an Officer s Certificate of the Administrator, upon which the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, stating that this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture is permitted by the Indenture and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, and that all conditions precedent to this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture have been satisfied or waived, as required by Section 10.3 of the Master Indenture 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer has solicited the Requisite Consent from the Noteholders 
 WHEREAS, the undersigned Holders are the only Holders of Notes currently Outstanding under the Indenture, which Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture 
 WHEREAS, the Transferor, the Servicer, as servicer and custodian, and the Issuer entered into that certain Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2017 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Transferor, the Servicer, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, with the consent of the undersigned Holders, have agreed to amend the Transfer and Servicing Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Indenture and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Section 1. Amendments to the Indenture . As of the Effective Date (defined below), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, the Master Indenture is hereby amended as follows 
 1.1. Clause (g) of the Granting Clause of the Master Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows all money, accounts, general intangibles, chattel paper, instruments, documents, goods, investment property (including but not limited to the Trust Accounts), deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, letters of credit, and advices of credit belonging to the Issuer, 
 1.2. Clause (a) of the fifth sentence of Section 6.15 of the Master Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows such investment property shall at all times be credited to the applicable Trust Account . 
 1.3 The Master Indenture is hereby amended by amending and restating the last three sentences of Section 6.15 in their entirety as follows 
 The parties hereto agree that U.S. Bank National Association shall serve as the Securities Intermediary. For so long as U.S. Bank National Association shall act as Securities Intermediary it shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities as the Indenture Trustee hereunder (but for the avoidance of doubt, not the obligations). It is understood and agreed that the Securities Intermediary shall not have any duty or obligation to determine compliance with this Section 6.15 . 
 1.4. The Master Indenture is hereby amended by adding a new Section 6.17 in proper numerical order thereto as follows 
 SECTION 6.17 Representations and Covenants of the Account Bank . The Account Bank represents, warrants and covenants as of the date hereof that 
 (a) the Account Bank is a national banking association duly organized and validly existing under the federal laws of the United States of America 
 (b) the Account Bank possesses and shall continue to possess all requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture 
 (c) the execution and delivery of this Indenture by the Account Bank and its performance and compliance with the terms of this Indenture will not violate the Account Bank s articles of association or by-laws or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or to the best of its knowledge of its Responsible Officers result in the breach of, any material contract, agreement or other instrument to which the Account Bank is a party or which may be applicable to the Account Bank or any of its assets 
 (d) the Account Bank has the full power and authority to enter into and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Indenture, has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture, and has duly executed and delivered this Indenture 
 (e) each of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Account Bank and constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation in accordance with its terms except as may be limited by (i) insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium or other laws now or hereafter in effect relating to the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity) and (iii) with respect to rights of indemnity hereunder, limitations of public policy under applicable securities laws or other laws 
 (f) the Account Bank is not in violation of, and the execution and delivery of this Indenture by the Account Bank and its performance and compliance with the terms of this Indenture will not constitute a violation with respect to, any order or decree of any court or any order, law or regulation of any federal, state, municipal or governmental agency of or in the United States of America having jurisdiction over the trust powers of the Account Bank, which violation would have consequences that would materially and adversely affect the condition (financial or other) or operations of the Account Bank or might have consequences that would materially affect the performance of its duties hereunder or thereunder and 

(g) to the best knowledge of its Responsible Officers, no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or registration of filing with, or notice to any federal governmental authority or agency having jurisdiction over the trust powers of the Account Bank, is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Account Bank of this Indenture or if required, such approval has been obtained prior to the Account Bank becoming a party to this Indenture. 
 1.5 The first sentence of clause (a) of Section 8.3 of the Master Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows The Servicer shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account Bank, in the name of the Paying Agent on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancer, a segregated non-interest bearing account that is a Qualified Account bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancer (the Collection Account ). 
 1.6. Section 8.3 of the Master Indenture is hereby amended by adding a new subsection (e) thereto after clause (d) thereof 
 (e) For so long as U.S. Bank National Association shall act as Account Bank, it shall be entitled to all of the same rights, protections, indemnities and immunities as the Indenture Trustee hereunder (but for the avoidance of doubt, not the obligations). 
 1.7. The Master Indenture is hereby amended by adding a new Section 8.8 after Section 8.7 thereof 
 SECTION 8.8 Perfection Representations, Warranties and Covenants . 
 The Account Bank agrees, by its acceptance hereof, that (a) any property (whether investment property, financial asset, security, instrument or cash) received by it pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents shall at all times be credited to the applicable Trust Account, (b) all property credited to such Trust Account shall be treated as financial assets, and each Trust Account shall be treated as a Securities Account within the meaning of Section 8-501 of the New York UCC, (c) the Account Bank shall treat the Indenture Trustee as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to such Trust Account, (d) the Account Bank shall comply with entitlement orders originated by the Indenture Trustee without the further consent of the Issuer or any other person or entity, (e) the Account Bank shall not agree with any person or entity other than the Indenture Trustee to comply with entitlement orders originated by any person or entity other than the Indenture Trustee, (f) the Trust Accounts and the property credited thereto shall not be subject to any lien, security interest, encumbrance or right of set-off in favor of the Account Bank or anyone claiming through it (other than the Indenture Trustee), (g) all agreements governing the Trust Accounts shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and the law of the State of New York shall govern all issues specified in Article 2(1) of The Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (Concluded 5 July 2006), which became effective in the United States of America on April 1, 2017, (h) the Account Bank has, at the time of any agreement governing the Trust Accounts, a place of business in the United States at which any of the activities of the Account Bank are carried on and which alone or together with other offices of the Account Bank or with other persons acting for the Account Bank in the United States or another nation (1) effects or monitors entries to the Trust Accounts, (2) administers payments or corporate actions relating to securities held with the Account Bank or such other persons, or (3) is otherwise engaged in a business or other regular activity of maintaining securities accounts, and (i) the Account Bank s jurisdiction for purposes of the UCC shall be the State of New York. Terms used in this Section 8.8 that are defined in the New York UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the New York UCC. 
 1.8. Section 12.4 of the Master Indenture is hereby amended by replacing the period at the end of clause (d) thereof with a semi-colon and by adding a new clause (e) thereto as follows 
 (e) the Account Bank by any Noteholder, the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or by the Issuer shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing to a Responsible Officer, by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or mailed by certified mail, or by other means acceptable to the Account Bank to the Account Bank addressed to it at its Corporate Trust Office. 
 1.9. Annex A of the Master Indenture is hereby amended by amending and restating the definitions of Corporate Trust Office, Eligible Institution, Indenture Trustee, Paying Agent and Securities Intermediary in their entirety as follows 

Corporate Trust Office means (a) when used in respect of the Indenture Trustee for securities transfer purposes and for purposes of presentment and surrender of any Notes for final distribution thereon, U.S. Bank National Association, at 111 Fillmore Ave, St. Paul, MN 55107, Attention USCC Master Note Trust Bondholder Services (b) when used in respect of the Indenture Trustee for all other purposes, the office of the Indenture Trustee at 190 South LaSalle St, 7th Floor, MK-IL-SL7, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention Global Structured Finance USCC Master Note Trust, or at such other location at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Indenture Trustee (the address of which the successor Indenture Trustee will notify the Noteholders and the Transferor) (c) when used in respect of the Owner Trustee, means the corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee in the State of Delaware, which office initially shall be located at Wilmington Trust, National Association, at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890, Attention Corporate Capital Markets, or such other office at such other address in the State of Delaware as the Owner Trustee may designate from time to time by written notice to the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee (d) when used in respect of the Account Bank, the office of the Account Bank at 190 South LaSalle St, 7th Floor, MK-IL-SL7, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention Global Structured Finance USCC Master Note Trust, or at such other location at which at any particular time its account bank business shall be administered, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Account Bank (the address of which the successor Account Bank will notify the parties hereto) and (e) when used in respect of the Securities Intermediary, the office of the Securities Intermediary at 190 South LaSalle St, 7th Floor, MK-IL-SL7, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention Global Structured Finance USCC Master Note Trust, or at such other location at which at any particular time its securities intermediary business shall be administered, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Securities Intermediary (the address of which the successor Securities Intermediary will notify the parties hereto). 
 Eligible Institution shall mean the Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank, the Securities Intermediary or any depository institution (which may be the Owner Trustee) organized under the laws of the United States or any one of the states thereof, or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), which depository institution at all times (a) is a member of the FDIC (other than U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association) and (b) has (i) a long-term unsecured debt rating in the highest rating category of S&P, Moody s and, if rated by Fitch, of Fitch or (ii) a short-term rating of A-1+ for purposes of S&P, or in the highest rating category of Moody s, and if rated by Fitch, of Fitch. 
 Indenture Trustee shall mean U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, in its capacity as trustee under the Indenture, its successors in interest and any successor indenture trustee under the Indenture. 
 Paying Agent shall mean any paying agent appointed pursuant to Section 2.8 of the Indenture that meets the eligibility standards for the Indenture Trustee specified in Section 6.11 of the Indenture and shall be the Indenture Trustee provided, that if the Indenture Supplement for a Series so provides, a different or additional Paying Agent may be appointed with respect to such Series. 
 Securities Intermediary shall mean U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, in its capacity as securities intermediary under the Indenture, its successors in interest and any successor securities intermediary under the Indenture. 
 1.10. Annex A of the Master Indenture is hereby amended by adding a definition for Account Bank in proper alphabetical order thereto as follows 
 Account Bank means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, any other affiliate of the Account Bank, or any other Eligible Institution which holds the Trust Accounts. 
 Section 2. Amendment to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement . As of the Effective Date (defined below), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 2.1. The Transfer and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Sections 4.01(a), (b) and (c) in their entirety as follows 
 (a) The Servicer shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account Bank, in the name of the Paying Agent on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancer, a segregated account in a corporate trust department that is a Qualified Account bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancer (the Collection Account ). 
 (b) The Servicer shall cause to be established and maintained with the Account Bank in the name of the Paying Agent on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee, the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancer, a segregated non-interest bearing account that is a Qualified Account bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any Series Enhancers (the Excess Funding Account ). 

(c) The Indenture Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds from time to time on deposit in, and all Eligible Investments credited to, the Trust Accounts and in all proceeds thereof. The Trust Accounts shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any applicable Series Enhancers, as the case may be. If, at any time, any Trust Account ceases to be a Qualified Account, the Servicer shall, within ten (10) Business Days, establish a substitute Qualified Account as such Trust Account, instruct the Indenture Trustee, Account Bank or Paying Agent, as applicable, in writing, to transfer any cash and or any Eligible Investments to such new Trust Account and, from the date any such substitute account is established, such account shall be the Trust Account. Neither the Transferor nor the Servicer, nor any person or entity claiming by, through or under the Transferor or Servicer, shall have any right, title or interest in, or any right to withdraw any amount from, the Trust Accounts except as expressly provided in the Transaction Documents. Pursuant to the authority granted to the Servicer in Section 3.01 , the Servicer shall have the power, revocable by the Indenture Trustee (or by the Owner Trustee with the written consent of the Indenture Trustee), to instruct the Indenture Trustee, Account Bank or Paying Agent to make withdrawals and payments from the Trust Accounts for the purposes of carrying out the Servicer s or the Trust s duties specified in this Agreement or permitting the Indenture Trustee to carry out its duties under the Indenture and the Indenture Supplements. 
 All Eligible Investments shall be held by the Paying Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Equity Certificateholder and any applicable Series Enhancers, as the case may be. Funds on deposit in the Trust Accounts shall at the written direction of the Servicer be invested by the Paying Agent solely in Eligible Investments selected by the Administrator that will mature so that such funds will be available at the close of business on or before the Business Day prior to the next Payment Date. Unless otherwise specified in the related Indenture Supplement, all interest and other investment earnings (net of losses and investment expenses) on funds on deposit in each Trust Account shall be credited to the Trust Account when received. Annex I, which is hereby incorporated into and made part of this Agreement, identifies the Trust Accounts established by this Agreement by setting forth the account numbers of each account, the account designation of each account and the name of the institution with which such accounts have been established. If a substitute Trust Account is established pursuant to this Section 4.01 , the Servicer shall provide to the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an amended Annex I , setting forth the relevant information for such substitute Trust Account. In the absence of timely and specific written investment direction from the Servicer, the funds on deposit in any Trust Account shall remain uninvested. In no event shall the Indenture Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Account Bank or the Owner Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon. None of the Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank or the Paying Agent shall have any liability in respect of losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any investment prior to its stated maturity or the failure of the Servicer to provide timely written investment direction. 
 2.2 The Transfer and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new clause (F) to Appendix A in proper alphabetical order as follows 
 
 (F) in the case of the Account Bank, at its Corporate Trust Office, at the following address 
 
 190 South LaSalle St, 7th Floor, MK-IL-SL7, Chicago, IL 60603, Attention Global Structured Finance USCC Master Note Trust. 
 Section 3. Joinder of Account Bank and Securities Intermediary . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, USBNA hereby agrees to join and become party to the Indenture, as Account Bank and as Securities Intermediary and shall have the rights, protections and indemnities afforded to, shall comply with the duties and obligations set forth therein with respect to, and shall be bound by the provisions thereof relating to, such capacities. 
 Section 4. Conditions Precedent . This Amendment and Supplemental Indenture shall become effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date upon 
 (i) receipt by the Issuer, the Servicer and the Indenture Trustee of evidence of the Requisite Consent as evidenced by the execution by each Holder of the Series 2017-VFN Notes of a counterpart of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture 
 (ii) receipt by the parties hereto of duly executed counterparts of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture 
 (iii) receipt by the Administrative Agent and each Managing Agent of an opinion or opinions of counsel to each of the Indenture Trustee, the Account Bank, the Paying Agent and the Securities Intermediary, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, dated as of the date of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, with respect to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, which opinion or opinions shall provide comparable coverage regarding such entities as the opinion delivered by counsel to the Indenture Trustee on the Initial Closing Date pursuant to Section 3.1(m) of the Note Purchase Agreement and 

(iv) all of the terms, covenants, agreements and conditions precedent set forth in the Indenture, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and other Transaction Document to be complied with and performed by USCC, the Transferor, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Originators or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, with respect to this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, by the date hereof have been satisfied or otherwise waived by the Managing Agents. 
 Section 5. Representations and Warranties Covenants . 
 5.1. The Issuer hereby represents, warrants and covenants that 
 (a) This Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture, and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, each as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of it and are enforceable against it in accordance with their terms. 
 (b) No event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Event of Default, Default, Amortization Event, Potential Amortization Event, Trust Amortization Event, or Trust Event of Default. 
 (c) No later than February 17, 2023, Issuer shall provide the Administrative Agent and each Managing Agent an opinion of counsel with respect to the creation and perfection of the security interest of the Indenture Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) in the Receivables and Related Rights, and the other Series Collateral granted pursuant to the Indenture under the New York UCC (including the Trust Accounts), in form and substance consistent with opinions of counsel previously delivered by the Issuer in connection with the Indenture, including opinions of counsel delivered pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Indenture. 
 5.2. The Servicer hereby represents and warrants that 
 (a) This Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, each as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of it and are enforceable against it in accordance with their terms. 
 (b) No event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing which constitutes a Servicer Default or Potential Servicer Default. 
 5.3. The Transferor hereby represents and warrants that this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, as amended hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of it and are enforceable against it in accordance with their terms. 
 5.4. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture and after giving effect hereto, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Transferor, the Indenture Trustee and the Account Bank, as applicable, each represents and warrants as to itself, as applicable, that the covenants, representations and warranties of (a) the Issuer set forth the Article III and Section 9.5 of the Series Supplement, (b) the Indenture Trustee set forth in Section 6.13 of the Master Indenture, (c) the Account Bank set forth in Section 6.17 of the Master Indenture, and (d) the Transferor set forth in Section 2.03 and Section 2.04 of the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (unless stated to relate to an earlier date). 
 Section 6. Reference to and Effect on the Indenture and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement . 
 6.1. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture and on and after the date hereof, each reference in (i) the Indenture to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture and its amendments, as amended hereby and (ii) the Transfer and Servicing Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Transfer and Servicing Agreement and its amendments, as amended hereby. 
 6.2. Each of the Indenture and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, in each case as amended hereby, and all other amendments, documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith, as applicable, shall remain in full force and effect, and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 6.3. Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Indenture Trustee or the Administrative Agent, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Indenture, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or any Transaction Document or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and or delivered in connection therewith. 
 6.4. The Issuer affirms the liens and security interests created and granted by it in the Transaction Documents and agrees that this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture shall in no manner adversely affect or impair such liens and security interests. 

Section 7. Consent Waiver Direction . 
 (i) Royal Bank of Canada hereby certifies that it is the Holder of 50 of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2017-VFN Notes. The Toronto-Dominion Bank hereby certifies that it is the Holder of 50 of the Outstanding Amount of the Series 2017-VFN Notes. By its execution hereof each of the Noteholders (which Noteholders constitute, in the aggregate, 100 of the Holders of the Outstanding Notes) (a) acknowledges its receipt of notice of the contents of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, (b) consents to the amendments contained herein, consents to the delivery of the Officer s Certificate of the Administrator (which certificate shall not be required to contain the statements outlined in Section 12.1(a) of the Master Indenture), (c) hereby waives the requirement under Section 10.2 of the Master Indenture for further written notice setting forth in general terms the substance of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, (d) directs the Indenture Trustee to consent to and execute this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, without receiving the Officer s Certificates and Opinions of Counsel deliverable in connection with this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture under the Indenture or any other Transaction Document, and (e) hereby agrees to hold the Indenture Trustee harmless against any and all losses and liabilities, damages, claims, actions, suits, or out-of-pocket expenses or costs (including attorney s fees and other legal expenses) incurred or arising out of or in connection with the actions set forth above taken by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this authorization and direction. 
 (ii) By its execution hereof each of the Managing Agents and the Administrative Agent acknowledges its receipt of the contents of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture and consents to the amendments contained herein. 
 Section 8. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, WHICH SHALL APPLY HERETO). 
 Section 9. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture for any other purpose. 
 Section 10. Counterparts Facsimile and Electronic Signatures . This Amendment and Supplemental Indenture may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture or in any other certificate, agreement or document related to this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture or the other Transaction Documents shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf , tif or jpg and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 
 Section 11. Entire Agreement . The parties hereto hereby agree that this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture constitutes the entire agreement concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all written and or oral prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications. 
 Section 12. Fees, Costs and Expenses . The Transferor shall pay on demand all reasonable and invoiced fees and out-of-pocket expenses of (i) Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent, as provided in the Fee Letter, and (ii) Morris James LLP, counsel for the Owner Trustee, incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture. 
 Section 13. Issuer Order . By its execution hereof, the Issuer hereby (a) authorizes, instructs and directs the Indenture Trustee to execute this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture, (b) authorizes, instructs and directs the Indenture Trustee to execute this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture without receiving an Officer s Certificate, or an Opinion of Counsel pursuant to the Indenture, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (c) agrees that the actions set forth above taken by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this authorization and direction shall be actions in connection with the administration of the trust created under the Indenture and the performance of its duties thereunder and under the other Transaction Documents within the meaning of Section 6.7(a) of the Indenture and shall not constitute negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 14. Acknowledgment . Each party to this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture acknowledges and agrees that, as of the date hereof, (i) the Issuer is in compliance with its obligations under the Master Indenture regarding the maintenance, preservation and priority of the security interest in the Collateral, including for the avoidance of doubt, the covenants in Section 3.5(a)(ii) and Section 3.8(d) of the Master Indenture, and (ii) no breach of the Master Indenture, the Transfer and Servicing Agreement or any other Transaction Document has occurred solely as a result of the assignment by U.S. Bank National Association of its role as Indenture Trustee and Paying Agent under the Transaction Documents to U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 

Section 15. Concerning the Owner Trustee . 
 (i) It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (a) this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust, National Association, not individually or personally but solely as owner trustee of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by Wilmington Trust, National Association, but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on Wilmington Trust, National Association, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto and (d) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust, National Association, be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture or any other related documents. 
 (ii) The Transferor, as Equity Certificateholder, hereby authorizes, empowers and directs the Owner Trustee, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer, to execute and deliver this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture and each other document, instrument or writing (including, without limitation, any Issuer Order) as may be necessary or convenient in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Transferor, as Equity Certificateholder, hereby waives any notice in connection with the foregoing and hereby certifies and confirms that (x) it is the sole Equity Certificateholder, (y) the foregoing direction and actions are necessary, suitable, or convenient in connection with the matters described in Section 2.03 of the Trust Agreement, and do not violate or conflict with, are not contrary to, are contemplated and authorized by, and are consistent and in accordance and compliance with the Trust Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the obligations of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement and the Transaction Documents, and (z) the foregoing direction and the execution and delivery of such documents are covered by the indemnifications provided under the Trust Agreement. 
 Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment and Supplemental Indenture as of the date first written above. 
 USCC MASTER NOTE TRUST, as the Issuer 
 By WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of USCC Master Note Trust, 
 By 
 s Rachel L. Simpson Name Rachel L. Simpson Title Vice President 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Account Bank and Securities Intermediary 
 By 
 s Matthew M. Smith Name Matthew M. Smith Title Vice President 
 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee and Paying Agent 
 By 
 s Matthew M. Smith Name Matthew M. Smith Title Vice President 

USCC SERVICES, LLC, as Services 
 By 
 s John M. Toomey Name John M. Toomey Title Authorized Person USCC RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC, as Transferor 
 By 
 s Douglas W. Chambers Name Douglas W. Chambers Title Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer 

Consent to Omnibus Amendment No. 3 to Transfer and Servicing Agreement and Supplemental Indenture No. 5 to Master Indenture 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 as Administrative Agent By 
 s Kevin P Wilson Name Kevin P Wilson Title Authorized Signatory By 
 s Ross Shaiman Name Ross Shaiman Title Authorized Signatory 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 as a Noteholder By 
 s Kevin P Wilson Name Kevin P Wilson Title Authorized Signatory By 
 s Ross Shaiman Name Ross Shaiman Title Authorized Signatory 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
 as a Managing Agent By 
 s Kevin P Wilson Name Kevin P Wilson Title Authorized Signatory By 
 s Ross Shaiman Name Ross Shaiman Title Authorized Signatory 
 THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK 
 as a Noteholder By 
 s Jamie Giles Name Jamie Giles Title Managing Director THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, as a Managing Agent By 
 s Jamie Giles Name Jamie Giles Title Managing Director 

</EX-4.6(E)>

<EX-4.11>
 3
 usm202210-kexhibit411.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 

Exhibit 4.11 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of December 31, 2022, United States Cellular Corporation has four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (1) our Common Stock (2) our 6.25 Senior Notes due 2069 (3) our 5.50 Senior Notes due March 2070 and (4) our 5.50 Senior Notes due June 2070. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Restated Bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Shares 
 Our authorized capital shares consist of 140,000,000 shares of common stock, 1.00 par value per share Common Stock ), 50,000,000 shares of series A common stock, 1.00 par value per share Series A Stock ), 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 1.00 par value per share Preferred Stock ). The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of Common Stock have one vote per share and the holders of Series A Stock have ten votes per share. In the election of directors, holders of Common Stock vote in the election of 25 of the total number of directors for the UScellular Board of Directors rounded up to the next whole number. The holders of Series A Stock elect the remaining directors. If the number of Series A Stock issued and outstanding at any time falls below 12.5 of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, because of the conversion of Series A Common Stock into Common Stock or otherwise, the holders of Series A Stock would lose the right to vote as a separate class, and thereafter, the holders of Series A Stock, with ten votes per share, and the holders of Common Stock, with one vote per share, would vote as a single class in the election of all directors. 
 In addition, Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. TDS controls a majority of the voting power of UScellular through its ownership of 100 of the issued and outstanding Series A Stock and approximately 70 of the issued and outstanding Common Stock. In general, only the affirmative vote of TDS will be required to amend the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation, approve the sale of substantially all of the assets of UScellular, approve the dissolution of UScellular or approve any other matter required to be voted on by shareholders, except as required under the UScellular Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Holders of Common Stock and Series A Stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of dissolution. 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 Our Common Stock has no sinking fund provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. 
 Our Common Stock may be subject to redemption if, in the judgment of the Board such action is necessary to prevent the loss or secure the reinstatement of any license of franchise from any governmental agency held by UScellular or any of its subsidiaries. The redemption price is the lesser of the fair market value of such Common Stock or the purchase price if held by a disqualified holder as described in Section J of Article IV and Article IX of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Holders of Common Stock may act by written consent if shares representing not less than the minimum voting power of the shares that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of capital stock of UScellular entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 

Limitation of Liability 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the full extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law, directors of UScellular will not be personally liable to the UScellular or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 
 Listing 
 The Common Stock is traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol USM. 
 
 Description of the Notes 
 The following description of our 6.25 Senior Notes due 2069 (the 2069 Notes ), our 5.50 Senior Notes due March 2070 (the March 2070 Notes ), and our 5.50 Senior Notes due June 2070 (the June 2070 Notes and, together with our 2069 Notes, March 2070 Notes, the notes ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture for Senior Debt Securities between UScellular and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee ), formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to BNY Midwest Trust Company dated June 1, 2002 (the Base Indenture ), as supplemented in the case of the 2069 Notes by the ninth supplemental indenture dated August 12, 2020, as supplemented in the case of the March 2070 Notes by the tenth supplemental indenture dated December 2, 2020, and as supplemented in the case of the June 2070 Notes by the eleventh supplemental indenture dated May 17, 2021 (the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the ninth, tenth, and eleventh supplemental indentures, the indenture ), which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. The 2069 Notes, the March 2070 Notes, and the June 2070 Notes are each traded on The New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbols of UZD, UZE, and UZF, respectively. 
 We encourage you to read the above referenced indenture, as supplemented, for additional information. 
 
 General 
 The following is a description of certain of the specific terms and conditions of the indenture supplements with respect to each of the notes. 
 
 The 2069 Notes were issued in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000,000, which remains the aggregate principal amount outstanding. The March 2070 Notes were issued in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000,000, which remains the aggregate principal amount outstanding. The June 2070 Notes were issued in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000,000, which remains the aggregate principal amount outstanding. 
 The notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt from time to time outstanding. However, in certain circumstances the notes may become effectively subordinated to the claims of the holders of certain other indebtedness of UScellular, of which approximate ly 544 million is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. This certain other indebtedness has the benefit of covenants limiting secured debt and sale and leaseback transactions similar to, but more restrictive than, the limitations on secured debt and sale and leaseback transactions of the notes. In the event USM incurs secured debt or enters into a sale and leaseback transaction that is excepted from the covenant protection provided to the holders of the notes but not the holders of this other indebtedness, the notes may become effectively subordinated to the claims of the holders of the other indebtedness up to the value of the assets subject to the lien or sale and leaseback transaction. In addition, because UScellular is a holding company which conducts substantially all of its operations through subsidiaries, the right of UScellular, and therefore, the right of creditors of UScellular, including the holders of the notes, to participate in any distribution of the assets of any subsidiary upon its liquidation or reorganization or otherwise is subject to the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of UScellular itself as a creditor of the subsidiary may be recognized. As of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries had approximately 278 million of other long-term debt and 60 million of short-term debt. 
 The maturity date of the 2069 Notes is September 1, 2069. The maturity date of the March 2070 Notes is March 1, 2070. The maturity date of the June 2070 Notes is June 1, 2070. 
 The notes will be subject to legal defeasance and covenant defeasance as provided under the Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance section set forth below. 
 The notes were issued in a form of one or more fully registered global securities, without coupons, in the name of a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary ), in denominations of 25. 
 UScellular may redeem the notes, in whole or in party, at any time at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. UScellular is not required to establish a sinking fund prior to redemption. 
 The Base Indenture does not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue under the Base Indenture and provides that debt securities may be issued from time to time in one or more series. 

Interest and Principal 
 The 2069 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.25 per annum and interest is paid quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year until maturity. The March 2070 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.50 per annum and interest is paid quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year until maturity. The June 2070 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.50 per annum and interest is paid quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year until maturity.Each of the above dates is referred to as an interest payment date . We will pay interest on the notes to the persons in whose names the notes are registered at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the related interest payment date. Interest on the notes will be computed on the basis of twelve 30-day months and a 360-day year. If any interest payment date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the City of New York are authorized by law to close, then payment of interest will be made on the next succeeding business day and no additional interest will accrue because of the delayed payment, except that, if such business day is in the next succeeding calendar year, such payment will be made on the immediately preceding business day, with the same force and effect as if made on such date. 
 Optional Redemption 
 At any time prior to the maturity date of the notes, we will have the right at our option to redeem the notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on at least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior notice, at a redemption price, calculated by us, equal to 100 of the principal amount redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The notes are not subject to any sinking fund provision. 
 Book-Entry and Settlement 
 The notes were issued in book-entry form through the facilities of the Depositary. Book-entry debt securities represented by a global security are not be exchangeable for certificated notes and will not otherwise be issuable as certificated notes. 
 Beneficial interests in the global securities are represented, and transfers of such beneficial interest are effected, through accounts of the Depositary acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants. 
 Beneficial interests in the global securities will be shown on, and transfers of beneficial interests in the global securities are made only through, records maintained by the Depositary. 
 So long as the Depositary or its nominee is the registered owner of the global security, the Depositary or its nominee will be considered the sole owner or holder of the notes represented by such global security for all purposes under the notes and the Base Indenture and supplemental indenture pursuant to which the notes were issued. Except as provided below or as we may otherwise agree in our sole discretion, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be entitled to have notes represented by the global security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of notes in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or holders thereof under the Base Indenture or supplemental indenture pursuant to which the notes were issued. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in the global security must rely on the procedures of the Depositary and, if that person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which that person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the Base Indenture or supplemental indenture. Principal and interest payments on notes registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee will be made to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the global security representing such notes. None of UScellular, the Trustee, any paying agent or the registrar for the Notes will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in such global security for such notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
 Trustee, Paying Agents and Security Registrar 
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. is the trustee under the indentures governing the notes. The Trustee is a national banking association organized under and governed by the laws of the United States of America, and provides trust services and acts as indenture trustee for numerous corporate securities issuances, including for other series of debt securities of which we are the issuer. The Trustee is an affiliate of The Bank of New York Mellon Corp., which is one of a number of banks with which UScellular and its subsidiaries maintain ordinary banking relationships including, in certain cases, credit facilities. In connection therewith, we utilize or may utilize some of the banking and other services offered by The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. or its affiliates, including The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in the normal course of business, including securities custody services. 
 Base Indenture Provisions 
 Governing Law 
 The Base Indenture and the notes are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Illinois. 

Modification of the Indenture 
 With the Consent of Security holders . The Base Indenture contains provisions permitting UScellular and the Trustee, with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of debt securities of each series that are affected by the modification, to modify the Base Indenture or any supplemental indenture affecting that series or the rights of the holders of that series of debt securities. 
 However, no such modification, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding security affected thereby, may 
 extend the fixed maturity of any debt securities of any series 
 reduce the principal amount of any debt securities of any series 
 reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest on any debt securities of any series 
 reduce any premium payable upon the redemption of any debt securities of any series 
 reduce the amount of the principal of a discount security that would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity of any debt securities of any series 
 reduce the percentage of holders of aggregate principal amount of debt securities which are required to consent to any such supplemental indenture or 
 reduce the percentage of holders of aggregate principal amount of debt securities which are required to waive any default and its consequences. 
 Without the Consent of Security holders . In addition, UScellular and the Trustee may execute, without the consent of any holder of debt securities, any supplemental indenture for certain other usual purposes, including 
 to evidence the succession of another person to UScellular or a successor to UScellular, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of UScellular contained in the Base Indenture or otherwise established with respect to the debt securities 
 to add to the covenants of UScellular further covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the protection of the holders of the debt securities of all or any series, and to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and continuance, of a default in any of such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions a default or an Event of Default, as described below, with respect to such series permitting the enforcement of all or any of the several remedies provided in the Indenture 
 to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained in the Base Indenture or in any supplemental indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained in the Indenture or in any supplemental indenture, or to make such other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising under the Indenture as are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Base Indenture and will not adversely affect the rights of the holders of the notes of any series which are outstanding in any material respect 
 to change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Base Indenture or to add any new provision to the Base Indenture, except that such change, elimination or addition will become effective only as to debt securities issued pursuant to or subsequent to such supplemental indenture unless such change, elimination or addition does not adversely affect the rights of any security holder of outstanding debt securities in any material respect 
 to establish the form or terms of debt securities of any series as permitted by the Indenture 
 to add any additional Events of Default with respect to all or any series of outstanding debt securities 
 to add guarantees with respect to debt securities or to release a guarantor from guarantees in accordance with the terms of the applicable series of debt securities 
 to secure a series of debt securities by conveying, assigning, pledging or mortgaging property or assets to the Trustee as collateral security for such series of debt securities 
 to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities 
 to provide for the authentication and delivery of bearer debt securities and coupons representing interest, if any, on such debt securities, and for the procedures for the registration, exchange and replacement of such 

debt securities, and for the giving of notice to, and the solicitation of the vote or consent of, the holders of such debt securities, and for any other matters incidental thereto 
 to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a separate or successor Trustee with respect to the debt securities and to add to or change any of the provisions of the Base Indenture as may be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts by more than one Trustee 
 to change any place or places where 
 the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on all or any series of debt securities will be payable, 
 all or any series of debt securities may be surrendered for registration of transfer, 
 all or any series of debt securities may be surrendered for exchange, and 
 notices and demands to or upon UScellular in respect of all or any series of debt securities and the Base Indenture may be served, which must be located in New York, New York or be the principal office of UScellular 
 to provide for the payment by UScellular of additional amounts in respect of certain taxes imposed on certain holders and for the treatment of such additional amounts as interest and for all matters incidental thereto 
 to provide for the issuance of debt securities denominated in a currency other than dollars or in a composite currency and for all matters incidental thereto or 
 to comply with any requirements of the SEC or the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 
 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
 The Base Indenture does not contain any covenant that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation, sell or convey all or substantially all of our assets to any person, firm or corporation or otherwise engage in restructuring transactions. 
 
 Events of Default 
 The Base Indenture provides that any one or more of the following described events, which has occurred and is continuing, constitutes an Event of Default with respect to each series of debt securities 
 failure for 30 days to pay interest on debt securities of that series when due and payable or 
 failure for three business days to pay principal or premium, if any, on debt securities of that series when due and payable whether at maturity, upon redemption, pursuant to any sinking fund obligation, by declaration or otherwise or 
 failure by UScellular to observe or perform any other covenant (other than those specifically relating to another series) contained in the Indenture for 90 days after written notice to UScellular from the Trustee or the holders of at least 33 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series or 
 certain events involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of UScellular or 
 any other event of default provided for in a series of debt securities. 
 Except as may otherwise be set forth in a prospectus supplement, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 33 in aggregate outstanding principal amount of any particular series of debt securities may declare the principal due and payable immediately upon an Event of Default with respect to such series. Holders of a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of such series may annul any such declaration and waive the default with respect to such series if the default has been cured and a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest and principal otherwise than by acceleration and any premium has been deposited with the Trustee. 
 The holders of a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of any series of debt securities have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee for that series. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Base Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee in case an Event of Default will occur and be continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Base Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the debt securities, unless such holders will have offered to the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it. 

The holders of a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of any series of debt securities affected thereby may, on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of such series, waive any past default, except as discussed in the following paragraph. 
 The holders of a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of any series of debt securities affected thereby may not waive a default in the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest when due otherwise than by 
 acceleration, unless such default has been cured and a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest and principal otherwise than by acceleration and any premium has been deposited with the Trustee or 
 a call for redemption or any series of debt securities. 
 We are required to file annually with the trustee a certificate as to whether or not we are in compliance with all the conditions and covenants under the Base Indenture. 
 
 Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 Debt securities of any series may be defeased in accordance with their terms and, unless the supplemental indenture or company order establishing the terms of such series otherwise provides, as set forth below. 
 We at any time may terminate as to a series our obligations with respect to the debt securities of that series under any restrictive covenant which may be applicable to that particular series, commonly known as covenant defeasance. All of our other obligations would continue to be applicable to such series. 
 We at any time may also terminate as to a series substantially all of our obligations with respect to the debt securities of such series and the Base Indenture, commonly known as legal defeasance. However, in legal defeasance, certain of our obligations would not be terminated, including our obligations with respect to the defeasance trust and obligations to register the transfer or exchange of a security, to replace destroyed, lost or stolen debt securities and to maintain agencies in respect of the debt securities. 
 We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our prior exercise of any covenant defeasance option. 
 If we exercise a defeasance option, the particular series will not be accelerated because of an event that, prior to such defeasance, would have constituted an Event of Default. 
 To exercise either of our defeasance options as to a series, we must irrevocably deposit in trust with the Trustee or any paying agent money, certain eligible obligations as specified in the Base Indenture, or a combination thereof, in an amount sufficient to pay when due the principal of and premium, if any, and interest, if any, due and to become due on the debt securities of such series that are outstanding. 
 Such defeasance or discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have delivered to the Trustee an opinion of counsel stating that 
 the holders of such debt securities will not recognize gain, loss or income for federal income tax purposes as a result of the satisfaction and discharge of the Base Indenture with respect to such series, and 
 that such holders will realize gain, loss or income on such debt securities, including payments of interest thereon, in the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same time as would have been the case if such satisfaction and discharge had not occurred. 
 The amount of money and eligible obligations on deposit with the Trustee may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the debt securities of that series at the time of an acceleration resulting from an Event of Default if 
 we exercise our option to effect a covenant defeasance with respect to the debt securities of any series, and 
 the debt securities of that series are thereafter declared due and payable because of the occurrence of any Event of Default. 
 
 In such event, we would remain liable for such payments. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 usm202210-kexhibit1028.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 

Exhibit 10.28 
 FIRST OMNIBUS AMENDMENT TO TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS 
 PREAMBLE 
 This FIRST OMNIBUS AMENDMENT TO TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS (this Amendment ), is (i) made and entered into as of January 31, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between USCC EIP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Seller and MUFG Bank, LTD., New York Branch, a Japanese banking corporation acting through its New York Branch Buyer each of Buyer and Seller may also be referred to herein individually as a Party , and collectively as the Parties and (ii) acknowledged by United States Cellular Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Guarantor ). 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, Buyer and Seller are parties to (1) that certain Master Framework Agreement dated as of January 26, 2022 (the Framework Agreement (2) that certain 1996 SIFMA Master Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 26, 2022, including Annex I thereto (and as amended thereby) (the Master Repurchase Agreement and (3) that certain Fee Letter Agreement dated as of January 26, 2022 (the Fee Letter 
 
 WHEREAS, the Guarantor is party to that certain Guaranty, dated as of January 26, 2022, executed by United States Cellular Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in favor of Buyer (the Guaranty and collectively with the Framework Agreement, the Master Repurchase Agreement, and the Fee Letter, the Transaction Agreements ). and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parties desire to extend the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, and to amend the Framework Agreement, the Master Repurchase Agreement and the Fee Letter, subject to the terms hereof 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of mutual promises of the Parties and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree to amend the Framework Agreement, the Master Repurchase Agreement, and the Fee Letter as follows 
 1. Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used in this Amendment but not otherwise defined have the meaning ascribed them in the Framework Agreement. 
 2. Framework Agreement Amendments . The Framework Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 a. The definition of Scheduled Facility Expiration Date is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Scheduled Facility Expiration Date means January 30, 2024, as such date may be extended from time to time pursuant to Section 8.15. 
 3. Master Repurchase Agreement Amendments . The Master Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 a. The definition of Pricing Rate set forth in Section 2(b)(v) of Annex I to the Master Repurchase Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (v) Pricing Rate , with respect to any Transaction, the per annum percentage rate for determination of the Price Differential, determined for such Transaction (unless otherwise specified in the Confirmation) as being equal to the sum of (A) Buyer s actual costs of funds in respect of such Transaction as determined by Buyer plus (B) 1.35 
 b. The definitions included in Section 2(a) of Annex I to the Master Repurchase Agreement for CBA (Section 2(a)(iii) Floor (Section 2(a)(iv) Lookback Day (Section 2(a)(vii)) SOFR (Section 2(a)(ix)) SOFR Business Day (Section 2(a)(x)) Term SOFR (Section 2(a)(xii)) Term SOFR Administrator (Section 2(a)(xiii)) and Term SOFR Reference Rate (Section 2(a)(xiv)) are each hereby deleted and replaced with the words Intentionally Omitted . 
 c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Pricing Rate as defined in the Master Repurchase Agreement as in effect immediately prior to this Amendment shall continue to apply to any Transactions outstanding on the Effective Date during the applicable Transaction Periods. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, such modifications to the Pricing Rate shall apply to any Transactions entered into on and after January 31, 2023. 
 4. Fee Letter Amendment . The second paragraph of the Fee Letter is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 For consideration received, Seller hereby agrees to pay (or cause to be paid) to Buyer (i) an upfront fee equal to 100,000.00 (the Upfront Fee on the Effective Date and (ii) an amendment fee equal to 100,000.00 (the Amendment Fee on January 31, 2023. Pursuant to this Fee Letter Agreement and the Framework Agreement, such Upfront Fee and Amendment Fee shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of Buyer specified in Schedule 2 to the Framework Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Seller s obligation to pay each of the Upfront Fee and Amendment Fee is a separate obligation of Seller, apart from any obligation with respect to any Transaction (including the obligation to pay any Repurchase Price with respect to any such Transaction to Buyer), and the payment of such Upfront Fee and Amendment Fee shall not be subject to any setoff, netting or application against other amounts by Seller, whether under Paragraph 12 of the Master Repurchase Agreement, any other Transaction Agreement or otherwise. The Buyer acknowledges that the Upfront Fee was paid in accordance with the foregoing on the Effective Date. 

5. Seller Deliverables . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent by Seller 
 a. delivery by Seller to Buyer of an executed counterpart to this Amendment 
 b. delivery by Seller to Buyer of a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Seller, dated the Effective Date, certifying as to (i) the incumbency of the officers of Seller executing this Amendment, (ii) attached copies of Seller s certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement and (iii) copies of all limited liability company approvals and consents of Seller that are required by it in connection with entering into, and the exercise of its rights and the performance of its obligations under, this Amendment 
 c. a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of Guarantor, dated the Effective Date, certifying as to (i) the incumbency of the officer(s) of Guarantor executing this Amendment, (ii) attached copies of Guarantor s certificate of incorporation and bylaws and (iii) copies of all corporate approvals and consents of Guarantor that are required by it in connection with entering into, and the exercise of its rights and the performance of its obligations under, this Amendment and 
 d. delivery by Seller to Buyer of results of bring-down UCC lien searches with respect to Seller for the State of Delaware as of a date not more than thirty (30) days prior to the Effective Date. 
 6. Buyer Deliverables . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent by Buyer delivery by Buyer to Seller of an executed counterpart to this Amendment. 
 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This Amendment shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (ii) an original manual signature or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 
 8. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 
 9. Ratification . On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, all references to any Transaction Agreement in any Transaction Agreement shall mean such Transaction Agreement as amended by this Amendment. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Buyer under any Transaction Agreement. Nothing contained in this Amendment shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations of the Seller under any Transaction Agreement, which shall continue and remain in full force and effect, except to the extent that the terms thereof are modified by this Amendment. Nothing expressed or implied in this Amendment shall be construed as a release or other discharge of Seller or Guarantor from any of their respective obligations or liabilities under any Transaction Agreement. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 Buyer MUFG BANK, LTD, NEW YORK BRANCH 
 By 
 s Thomas Giuntini Name Thomas Giuntini Title Managing Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGE 

Seller USCC EIP LLC 
 By 
 s Douglas W. Chambers Name Douglas W. Chambers Title Vice President and Treasurer By 
 s John M. Toomey Name John M. Toomey Title Authorized Person 

Acknowledged UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION 
 By 
 s Douglas W. Chambers Name Douglas W. Chambers Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer By 
 s John M. Toomey Name John M. Toomey Title Authorized Person 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.40>
 5
 usm202210-kexhibit1040.htm
 EX-10.40

Document 

Exhibit 10.40 
 
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN J. SAMUEL CROWLEY AND 
 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION 

WHEREAS, J. Samuel Crowley (Sam) served with great distinction as a member of the UScellular Board of Directors from 1998 through 2022, as a member of the Audit Committee since 1998 and as its Chairperson since 2001, and as a member of the UScellular Long-Term Incentive Compensation Committee and its predecessor the Stock Option Compensation Committee since 1998. 
 WHEREAS , the senior leadership of UScellular recognizes the valuable contributions that Sam has made over the past 25 years, and wishes to implement a mutually satisfactory Consulting Agreement with him. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the sufficiency and receipt of which each party acknowledges, Sam and UScellular agree as follows 
 1) Sam s Appointment as Consultant Sam will serve as a Consultant to UScellular for the period beginning on January 3, 2023 and ending on May 16, 2023. 
 2) Duties And Responsibilities As UScellular Consultant From January 3, 2023 Through May 16, 2023 Sam will be available for a reasonable amount of time each month to perform the following duties during this period 
 Advise and consult with the President and CEO of UScellular and the Chairman of the Board of UScellular, as requested by either. 
 Advise and consult with other members of the UScellular Board, as requested. 
 Stay informed on all important UScellular business unit issues and opportunities, as well as on key wireless industry trends and developments. 
 Fully cooperate with UScellular and its financial and legal advisors in any legal or business matters, as may be reasonably requested by UScellular. 
 Carry out such other duties as are assigned by the UScellular President and CEO and or the Chairman of the Board of UScellular. 
 Assist the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board of UScellular, as requested. 
 Carry out such other assignments as he may receive from the UScellular President and CEO and or the Chairman of the Board of UScellular. 
 3) Payments To Sam For Services During The Period From January 3, 2023 Through May 16, 2023 As remuneration for his services as a Consultant for this period, UScellular will pay Sam as follows 
 100,000, less required withholding and deductions, if any, on or about January 17, 2023 for services to be performed during the period of January 3, 2023 - May 16, 2023. 
 UScellular will also reimburse Sam for such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses as he may incur in connection with his Consulting responsibilities under this Agreement as well as his Director Emeritus responsibilities. 
 UScellular shall not pay Sam any fee or benefit related to his Consulting responsibilities or Director Emeritus responsibilities other than that described in this Section 3. 
 4) Stock Award To Sam For Services During the Period From March 1, 2022 Through December 31, 2022 As partial remuneration for his service as a Director of UScellular for the period from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Sam will receive a pro rata stock award pursuant to the United States Cellular Corporation Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors dated August 15, 2017 for a number of shares equal to 10 12 of the number of shares he would have received had he remained a director through February 28, 2023. Payment will be made in March 2023 on or prior to March 15, 2023. 
 5) Termination Of This Consulting Agreement This Agreement will terminate in its entirety on May 16, 2023. In the unlikely event that UScellular were to decide that this arrangement is no longer in its best interests, UScellular reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time in advance of May 16, 2023. 
 6) Restriction On Disclosure And Use Of Company Information Sam understands and agrees that Company Information (as defined in the UScellular Code of Business Conduct) constitutes a valuable asset of UScellular, and may not be converted to his own use. Accordingly, Sam hereby agrees that he shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during his consultancy with UScellular and for a two (2) year period after it terminates, reveal, divulge or disclose to any person not expressly authorized by the President and CEO of UScellular any Company Information and Sam shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during his consultancy and for the two (2) year period after it terminates, use or make use of any Company Information in connection with any personal or other business activity other than that of UScellular. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, alter either UScellular s rights or Sam s obligations under any state or federal statutory or common law regarding trade secrets and unfair trade practices. 
 7) Non-Competition Sam hereby agrees that he shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during his consultancy with UScellular and for a two (2) year period after it terminates, engage in competition with UScellular as described in Section 1.15(a)(ii) of the UScellular Bylaws. 

8) Independent Contractor Sam shall perform the duties described in this Agreement as an independent contractor without the power to bind, represent, or speak for UScellular for any purpose whatsoever. Sam acknowledges his separate responsibility for all federal and state withholding income taxes, Federal Insurance Contributions Act taxes, and other taxes, if applicable, and agrees to indemnify and hold UScellular harmless from any claim against it or liability relating to such taxes. 
 9) Applicable Law 
 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. 
 The parties hereby irrevocably waive any and all rights to trial by jury in proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement. 
 10) Entire Agreement This document sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof. 
 
 USCELLULAR AND J. SAMUEL CROWLEY EXPRESSLY STATE THAT THEY HAVE READ THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT AND THAT THEY UNDERSTAND EACH OF ITS TERMS. FURTHER, SAM AND USCELLULAR HAVE ENTERED INTO THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND INTEND TO BE BOUND THEREBY. 

UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION CONSULTANT By s Laurent C. Therivel By s J. Samuel Crowley Laurent C. Therivel J. Samuel Crowley President and CEO Dated January 3, 2023 Dated January 3, 2023 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-21>
 6
 usm202210-kexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORPORATION 
 SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES STATE OF ORGANIZATION BANGOR CELLULAR TELEPHONE, L.P. DELAWARE CALIFORNIA RURAL SERVICE AREA #1, INC. CALIFORNIA CEDAR RAPIDS CELLULAR TELEPHONE, L.P. DELAWARE CELLVEST, INC. DELAWARE CENTRAL CELLULAR TELEPHONES, LTD. ILLINOIS CHAMPLAIN CELLULAR, INC. NEW YORK COMMUNITY CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY TEXAS CROWN POINT CELLULAR, INC. NEW YORK DUBUQUE CELLULAR TELEPHONE, L.P. DELAWARE HARDY CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY DELAWARE IOWA RSA # 3, INC. DELAWARE IOWA RSA # 9, INC. DELAWARE IOWA RSA # 12, INC. DELAWARE JACKSONVILLE CELLULAR PARTNERSHIP NORTH CAROLINA JACKSONVILLE CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY NORTH CAROLINA KANSAS #15 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DELAWARE KENOSHA CELLULAR TELEPHONE, L.P. DELAWARE LAB465, LLC ILLINOIS MADISON CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY WISCONSIN MAINE RSA # 1, INC. MAINE MAINE RSA # 4, INC. MAINE MCDANIEL CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY DELAWARE MINNESOTA INVCO OF RSA # 7, INC. DELAWARE NEWPORT CELLULAR, INC. NEW YORK NH #1 RURAL CELLULAR, INC. NEW HAMPSHIRE OREGON RSA #2, INC. OREGON PCS WISCONSIN, LLC WISCONSIN RACINE CELLULAR TELEPHONE COMPANY WISCONSIN TEXAS INVCO OF RSA # 6, INC. DELAWARE TOWNSHIP CELLULAR TELEPHONE, INC. DELAWARE UNITED STATES CELLULAR INVESTMENT CO. OF OKLAHOMA CITY, LLC. OKLAHOMA UNITED STATES CELLULAR INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC DELAWARE UNITED STATES CELLULAR INVESTMENT CORPORATION OF LOS ANGELES INDIANA UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY LLC DELAWARE UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF BANGOR MAINE UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF CEDAR RAPIDS DELAWARE UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF CHICAGO, LLC DELAWARE UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF DUBUQUE IOWA UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF KNOXVILLE TENNESSEE UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF MEDFORD OREGON UNITED STATES CELLULAR OPERATING COMPANY OF YAKIMA WASHINGTON USCC DISTRIBUTION CO., LLC DELAWARE USCC EIP LLC DELAWARE USCC FINANCIAL L.L.C. ILLINOIS USCC MASTER NOTE TRUST DELAWARE USCC PURCHASE, LLC DELAWARE USCC RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC DELAWARE USCC SERVICES, LLC DELAWARE USCC WIRELESS INVESTMENT, INC. DELAWARE 

USCCI CORPORATION DELAWARE USCIC OF FRESNO CALIFORNIA USCOC NEBRASKA KANSAS, INC. DELAWARE USCOC NEBRASKA KANSAS, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF CENTRAL ILLINOIS, LLC ILLINOIS USCOC OF CUMBERLAND, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF GREATER IOWA, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF GREATER MISSOURI, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF GREATER NORTH CAROLINA, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF GREATER OKLAHOMA, LLC OKLAHOMA USCOC OF JACKSONVILLE, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF LACROSSE, LLC WISCONSIN USCOC OF OREGON RSA # 5, INC. DELAWARE USCOC OF PENNSYLVANIA RSA NO. 10-B2, LLC DELAWARE USCOC OF RICHLAND, INC. WASHINGTON USCOC OF SOUTH CAROLINA RSA # 4, INC. SOUTH CAROLINA USCOC OF VIRGINIA RSA # 3, INC. VIRGINIA USCOC OF WASHINGTON-4, INC. DELAWARE VERMONT RSA NO. 2-B2, INC. DELAWARE WASHINGTON RSA # 5, INC. WASHINGTON WESTELCOM CELLULAR, INC. NEW YORK WESTERN SUB-RSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DELAWARE YAKIMA MSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DELAWARE 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 usm202210-kexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-256196) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-105675, 333-161119, 333-188966, 333-190331, 333-211485, 333-264797, and 333-266693) of United States Cellular Corporation of our report dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 usm202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of principal executive officer 
 
 I, Laurent C. Therivel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United States Cellular Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Laurent C. Therivel Laurent C. Therivel President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 usm202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of principal financial officer 
 
 I, Douglas W. Chambers, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United States Cellular Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Douglas W. Chambers Douglas W. Chambers Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 usm202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 
 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

I, Laurent C. Therivel, the principal executive officer of United States Cellular Corporation, certify that (i) the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United States Cellular Corporation. 
 s Laurent C. Therivel Laurent C. Therivel February 16, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United States Cellular Corporation and will be retained by United States Cellular Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 usm202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 
 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

I, Douglas W. Chambers, the principal financial officer of United States Cellular Corporation, certify that (i) the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of United States Cellular Corporation. 
 s Douglas W. Chambers Douglas W. Chambers February 16, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to United States Cellular Corporation and will be retained by United States Cellular Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 usm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 usm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 usm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 usm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 usm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

