<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1866550_0001866550-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14007772</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>327208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2547999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4712218</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3225046</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2955530</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001866550-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228061106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001866550-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thoughtworks Holding, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866550
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40812
		FILM NUMBER:		23678232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST RANDOLPH STREET, 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-373-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 EAST RANDOLPH STREET, 25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Turing Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001866550-23-000008.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 twks-20221231.htm
 10-K

twks-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 204.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recent completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on that date as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market). 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 3 
 Part I Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 37 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 99 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 99 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 100 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 
 Signatures 
 103 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements include statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, "strive," will, would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms, but the absence of these words does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements may include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, client demand, business strategies, technology developments, financing and investment plans, competitive position, our industry, macroeconomic and regulatory environment, potential growth opportunities and the effects of competition. 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to the Annual Report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include: 
 our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by volatile or uncertain operational, geopolitical, regulatory, legal and economic conditions; 
 our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 increases in wages, equity compensation and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and increase our costs; 
 our results of operations have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors; 
 we may not be successful at attracting new clients or retaining and expanding our relationships with our existing clients; 
 we generally do not have long-term commitments or contracts with our clients; 
 we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services; 
 our cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to collect on billed and unbilled receivables from clients; 
 our profitability could suffer if we cannot accurately price our solutions and services, maintain favorable pricing for our solutions and services, are unable to collect on receivables from clients or fail to meet our contractual and other obligations to clients; 
 we may be unable to implement our growth strategy; 
 our ability to generate and retain business depends on our reputation in the marketplace; 
 our business and operations may be harmed if we cannot positively evolve and preserve our Thoughtworks culture; 
 if we fail to manage our acquisition strategy, our culture and growth plans could be materially adversely affected; 
 we must successfully attract, hire, train and retain skilled professionals to service our clients projects and we must productively deploy our professionals to remain profitable; 
 if we fail to adequately innovate, adapt and/or remain at the forefront of emerging technologies and related client demands, we could be materially adversely affected; 
 we face intense competition and operate in a rapidly evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

if we cause disruptions to our clients businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our clients may have claims against us, which our insurance may not adequately protect against, and our reputation may be damaged; 
 we face risks associated with security breaches as well as privacy and data protection regulations, and we may incur significant liabilities if we fail to manage those risks; 
 a significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or IT infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business; 
 changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance; 
 we are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures; 
 we may become subject to disputes or legal or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial results; 
 our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our business and growth prospect; 
 we may face intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims that could be costly to defend or if we do not protect our brand through our intellectual property rights, our business may be harmed; 
 we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our client's intellectual property and our business and competitive position may be damaged as a result; 
 our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline; 
 our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders; 
 if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline; 
 we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, the ability of the holders of our common stock to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock; 
 investment funds (the "Apax Funds") advised by Apax Partners L.L.P. ("Apax Partners") control us, and such control may give rise to actual or perceived conflicts of interests; 
 our status as a controlled company grants us exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements; 
 as a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock; 
 we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and as such we no longer are entitled to rely on exemptions from certain compliance requirements that are applicable to companies that are emerging growth companies; 
 we may fail to comply with the rules that apply to public companies, which could result in sanctions or other penalties; 
 provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders; 
 provisions of our certificate of incorporation could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us; and 
 a significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market, which could cause the market price of common stock to drop. 
 For more information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based on many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, or cautionary statements, include, but are not limited to those are disclosed under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations in this Annual Report. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as other cautionary statements that are made from time to time in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 
 The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are aspirational in nature. The analysis involved in determining whether and how certain initiatives may contribute to the SDGs is inherently subjective and dependent on a number of factors. There can be no assurance that reasonable parties will agree on a decision as to whether certain projects or initiatives contribute to a particular SDG. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on our application of the SDGs, as such application is subject to change at any time and in our sole discretion. 

5 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. ("Thoughtworks," the "Company," "we," "us," or "our") is a premium global technology consultancy that integrates strategy, design and software engineering to enable enterprises and technology disruptors across the globe to thrive as modern digital businesses. Thoughtworks exists to deliver extraordinary impact for clients, employees, partners and the communities we serve through our culture and technology excellence. 
 In the face of ongoing digital disruption, many companies lack the capabilities and talent necessary to keep pace with the accelerating rate of technological change. Thoughtworks has been a thought leader at the forefront of technology innovation for the past 29 years. We leverage our vast experience to improve our clients ability to flourish in the digital era. 
 We are a globally diversified business, with clients across all major verticals and geographies. Our global distributed agile delivery model operates where our clients are, with over 12,500 employees working across 18 countries on five continents, including North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Further, our unique, diverse and cultivating culture, with a reputation for technology excellence and thought leadership, enables us to attract and retain what we believe is the best talent in the industry. That is why our clients trust Thoughtworks as their premium digital transformation partner. 
 Global spending on digital transformation is forecast by International Data Corporation ("IDC") to reach 3.4 trillion in 2026. 
 Thoughtworks provides premium, end-to-end digital strategy, design and engineering services and we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. We connect strategy to execution, using cross-functional teams to deliver value to our clients at scale. Our four global service lines provide specialized capabilities and thought leadership to drive digital transformation: 
 Enterprise Modernization, Platforms Cloud 
 Customer Experience, Product Design 
 Data Artificial Intelligence ("AI") 
 Digital Transformation Operations 
 Our unique service offerings, differentiated delivery, global talent and culture have enabled us to attract over 410 current clients, including global enterprises and technology disruptors. Our clients are highly diversified across industry verticals. We have relatively low client concentration, with only 24.7 of our revenues coming from our top 10 clients in 2022. Our deep client integration and senior executive relationships have enabled us to drive long-standing partnerships with our clients, as demonstrated by an average tenure of nine years across our top 10 clients by revenue in 2022 . As a result, 87.2 of our revenues in 2022 were generated from existing clients. 
 Since our inception, we have been pioneers in technologies that now underpin today's modern digital businesses, such as agile software development, continuous delivery, microservices, evolutionary architecture and data mesh. We have established ourselves as a thought leader and are continually advancing digital trends with our innovations. We believe our approach enables us to deliver the innovations that deliver value for our clients before new technologies reach mass adoption. 
 We utilize a distributed agile delivery model, leveraging a broad base of high-quality, poly-skilled global technology talent. Our professionals seamlessly work with clients both where they are located and nearshore/offshore. Our local presence enables us to develop deep client intimacy and assimilate market context and knowledge. Blending our local presence with our nearshore/offshore capabilities allows us to innovate rapidly at scale. Our differentiated delivery model enables us to generate an average annual revenue per employee of over 100,000 in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022 (based on the average number of employees for the relevant year). For more information regarding our average annual revenue per employee in historical periods, see 
 6 

Table of Contents 

"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Performance Expanding our technical capabilities and client solutions." 
 Our differentiated approach is rooted in a unique culture that is championed by our global management team, which has an average tenure of 16 years. Our reputation for technology excellence, thought leadership and advocacy for social change enables us to attract what we believe is the best talent in the industry. Allied to this, our cultivating culture enables us to develop and retain talent. In addition, Thoughtworks is widely recognized for leading the technology industry through our efforts on diversity and inclusion. For example, 40 of our global management team are women or underrepresented gender minorities ("WUGM"). Thoughtworkers are incredibly engaged and loyal, as evidenced by our 2022 annual employee engagement survey, where our overall engagement remained consistent with 2021 at 8.7 which is in the top 25 for the technology sector. Our diversity and inclusion score increased to 9.0 which puts Thoughtworks in the top 5 in the sector. Our attrition rate of 12.0 for 2022 is lower than the industry average. 
 We believe the Thoughtworks value proposition is sustainable and difficult to replicate. The core elements form a virtuous cycle: clients trust us to deliver on their most complex and business-critical projects; those experiences allow us to explore cutting-edge technologies and expand our thought leadership; this enables us to continuously attract, develop and retain the very best global talent; which gives us the ability to meet and exceed our clients needs. Our position is at the forefront of successive waves of technological change spotting important trends early. 
 Our approach has enabled us to consistently grow our revenues and profits. In 2022, we reported revenues of approximately 1.3 billion, representing 21.1 year-over-year growth. Net loss for the full year was (105.4) million compared to (0.6) million in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year was 256.8 million representing year-over-year growth of 15.0 . See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a definition of and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, how we use Adjusted EBITDA and an explanation of why we consider this non-GAAP measure to be helpful for investors. 
 
 Key milestones for our business include: 
 1993 Thoughtworks was founded. 
 1999 Guo Xiao and Dr. Rebecca Parsons joined Thoughtworks. 
 2000 2004 Opened offices in Australia, United Kingdom, India, Canada and China. 
 2001 Manifesto for Agile Software Development published (co-authored by our Chief Scientist Martin Fowler). 
 2004 Surpassed 500 Thoughtworkers; Selenium, the leading web application testing framework today, was developed based on work started at Thoughtworks. 
 2005 Established Thoughtworks University. 
 2009 2010 Opened offices in Brazil and Germany. 
 2011 Published first edition of Thoughtworks Technology Radar, tracking new developments in technology across techniques, tools, platforms, languages, and frameworks. 
 2012 2014 Opened first offices in Singapore, Ecuador and Italy. 
 2014 Surpassed 300 million in annual revenues and 3,000 Thoughtworkers. Published the seminal article Microservices and Building Microservices. 
 2015 Collaborated with Save the Children in the fight against Ebola, developing an open-source and adaptable electronic medical record system for Sierra Leone. 
 2016 Opened offices in Spain and Chile; Awarded winner of the AnitaB.org Institute s Top Companies for Women Technologists, winning again in 2017 and 2018 and recognized as a leader in 2019 and 2020. 
 2017 Surpassed 500 million in annual revenues; Apax Funds acquired Thoughtworks. 
 2018 Thoughtworks surpassed 5,000 Thoughtworkers. 
 2019 Published the Digital Transformation Game Plan: 34 Tenets for Masterfully Merging Technology and Business and How to Move Beyond a Monolithic Data Lake to a Distributed Data Mesh. 
 2020 Named strong performer in digital product development by Forrester Research Inc.; committed to the Valuable 500, the global movement putting disability on the business leadership agenda; awarded IT Vendor of the Year by the UK IT Industry Awards. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

2021 Surpassed 1 billion in annual revenues. Acquired Gemini and Fourkind; completed initial public offering (IPO) and began trading publicly on the NASDAQ. 
 2022 Acquired Connected and Handmade; ranked in the top 25 most valuable and strongest IT services brands globally by Brand Finance; opened office in Vietnam; recognized as a Leader in Modern Application Development Services by Forrester Research. 
 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 We continue to differentiate ourselves as a leading global technology consultancy that drives digital innovation by leveraging the following key growth strategies: 
 Deepen our relationships with existing clients. We have a successful track record of expanding our relationships with our existing clients. This is reflected in our total percentage of revenues from existing clients, which represented 87.2 in 2022. In addition, in 2022, w e had 32 clients generating between 5 million and 10 million in revenues and 35 clients gener ating over 10 million. We intend to focus on larger, higher value projects. We believe we have a substantial opportunity to cross-sell additional services to our existing clients. 
 Establish new client relationships. We believe there are significant untapped opportunities to win new clients across current and adjacent industry verticals and geographies. To that end, we increased the total number of clients to 416 in 2022 from 371 in 2021. Adding new clients has also enabled us to maintain relatively low client concentration with only 15.4 and 24.7 of our revenues coming from our top five and 10 clients, respectively, in 2022. 
 Develop new technical capabilities and client solutions. For 29 years, we have been at the forefront of innovation, pioneering numerous innovative trends. We have built a thought leadership engine that we believe is consistently pioneering technology-driven business change. We accomplish this by giving our teams, who work in close proximity to our clients, autonomy to experiment with new technologies while solving complex client problems. When they discover new innovations, we give them resources to develop and harvest them, then scale them through our global delivery model. 
 Develop and grow our strategic partnerships. While we remain technologically agnostic and work with the appropriate technologies for our clients, we have expanded our relationships with hyperscale cloud providers, including Amazon, Google, Microsoft and Alibaba. This enables us to deepen our capabilities, target new clients and drive meaningful growth. We partner with other third-party product and service companies to expand our delivery capabilities as well as identify additional client opportunities. 
 Pursue strategic, targeted acquisitions. Our historic growth has been predominantly organic and we expect this to continue. In 2022, we made two strategic acquisitions: (i) Handmade in Brazil to bolster and enhance our customer experience, product and design service line and (ii) Connected in Canada to advance our capabilities in solving business problems through product-led design processes, from defining the strategy to discovery and delivery. Going forward, we believe there is further opportunity to augment our growth by selectively pursuing acquisitions that broaden our service offerings, add leading talent, expand our client base and addressable market and enhance the depth of our capabilities in all of our verticals and geographies. 
 Focused-geographic expansion. Thoughtworks has throughout its history expanded into key new countries, for instance we opened an office in Vietnam in 2022, and intend to continue to do so, as and when opportunities to do so make strategic sense. 
 
 Thoughtworks' Differentiation 
 Thoughtworks was founded in Chicago in 1993 by a small team with a unified purpose. At that time, information technology functions were largely regarded as ineffective cost centers. As a digital native business, Thoughtworks aspired to change this through experimenting and learning to drive continuous improvement and the pursuit of excellence in the craft of software development. 
 Today, we believe our clients benefit from our differentiation, including our: 
 Ability to digitally transform global enterprises at scale by applying strategic consulting and cutting edge technologies. Digital transformation requires alignment across the entire organization. Thoughtworks' unique and consistent global approach and end-to-end capabilities span strategy, design, software engineering and organizational transformation. We believe that is why we can enable 
 8 

Table of Contents 

clients to realize value swiftly, and why our clients rely on Thoughtworks to solve their most complex problems. 
 Deep agile and technical expertise coupled with a history of thought leadership. Thoughtworks was an early visionary behind some of today s leading technologies, as reflected by our range of publications, including approximately 100 software engineering and technology books Thoughtworkers have collectively authored. We have been delivering software and subsequently digital transformation, in an agile manner for over 20 years, long before it was a mainstream practice. 
 Poly-skilled, transformational and global talent. We believe we deliver transformational change to our clients through our differentiated and diversified talent base of over 12,500 Thoughtworkers. To achieve that, we hire poly-skilled, high-aptitude Thoughtworkers who can learn new skills quickly. We see this as a competitive advantage in the talent market. 
 Global and distributed agile delivery with a strong local presence. We use highly skilled, distributed teams to deliver custom software projects more effectively and to give our over 410 clients access to the diverse talent they need. Our global delivery ensures our ability to meet our clients global demands, while our local presence provides us with specialized knowledge of the local market and culture, enabling us to work side-by-side with our clients in their time zones and languages on innovative and effective solutions. 
 Award-winning and cultivating culture. Since our founding, we have relentlessly focused on evolving our culture, creating a differentiated brand that Thoughtworkers are proud to be a part of. We believe our culture not only drives higher quality work but also enables us to efficiently recruit and retain Thoughtworkers to drive growth. 
 Experienced management team with a long history of working together. Our global management team has an average tenure of 16 years at Thoughtworks and the majority have been working together as a team for over a decade. Most of the team members have worked across multiple functions and geographies, giving the group a diverse and well-rounded experience-base on all facets of our business. 
 As a result of our competitive advantages, we have created a virtuous cycle that is difficult to replicate. We earn our clients trust to deliver on their most complex and business-critical projects. Our demonstrated track record of success encourages us to further develop cutting-edge technology solutions and expand our thought leadership. As a result, we continuously attract, develop and retain high caliber talent, enabling us to meet and exceed our clients needs. The reputation we have built as the go-to partner for digital transformation allows us to command premium bill rates. 
 
 Our Culture People 
 Since inception, revolutionizing the technology industry has been a core part of Thoughtworks mission. We are driven by a desire to create an extraordinary impact on the world through our culture and technology excellence. Our people relentlessly pursue our values of integrity, excellence, global-first, cultivation, curiosity, autonomy, inclusivity and courage. We aim to be an awesome partner for clients and their ambitions. 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 Thoughtworks proudly and actively seeks to make itself and the technology industry more reflective and inclusive of the society that we serve. We believe that our culture encourages discourse and collaboration at all levels, as evidenced by our 2022 employee engagement survey: we scored 8.7 as an aggregated average across Thoughtworks. 
 Diversity and inclusion has been a core guiding principle since we were founded. As of December 31, 2022, 40 of our global management team and approximately 40.4 of our technologists identify as WUGM. 
 Our Recognition 
 Our differentiated culture has been widely recognized by the industry, earning us numerous awards, including: 
 Thirteen of Thoughtworks countries now have the Great Place to Work certification. We are proud that we have achieved industry-leading Great Place to Work trust index scores, with a global average of 91 . 
 9 

Table of Contents 

In Q4 2022, our overall global Glassdoor rating is 4.47, higher than the Glassdoor rating for the IT services sector of 3.95. 
 Attracting Talent 
 Our employee brand is strong in the market and in 2022, we had approximately 225,000 applications for roles. Our recruitment capability is a source of key differentiation, with 99.99 of all hires being recruited internally through our recruitment and recruitment marketing teams on a 30/30/30 model with a goal of 30 referrals, 30 direct applicants and 30 sourced, with the help of channels like Access Thoughtworks, our online community for career development and job opportunities. 
 Thoughtworkers come from a variety of traditional and non-traditional technology backgrounds and include career changers and/or self-taught technologists, valuing transferable skills, adaptability and continuous learning. Our blended delivery approach gives us a clear advantage when it comes to attracting talent. Candidates have the opportunity to work on in-region service line projects, as well as in distributed agile teams either as part of a nearshore or far-shore delivery team. We believe candidates are attracted by our career development opportunities. We continue to innovate in our recruitment and onboarding processes and tools. 
 Training Talent 
 As a pioneer of agile and extreme programming practices, in 2005 we set up Thoughtworks University, our immersive entry-level program for new hires. This provides guidance on career coaching and progression, ensuring our newest Thoughtworkers have the full toolset required for them to build long-term careers at Thoughtworks. As of December 2022, there have been approximately 4,100 graduates from Thoughtworks University since its inception, including 62 WUGM in 2022. 
 Retaining Talent 
 Cultivation and empowerment is a core part of our culture; we call this "Empowering Thoughtworker Growth" enabling Thoughtworkers to have a personalized, integrated journey of cultivation and growth. We developed tools, including "Pathways" for career planning and growth paths and "Summit" for self-assessment, expectation-setting and feedback, as well as offering Thoughtworkers extensive online training opportunities. 
 When we became a public company in September 2021, every Thoughtworker with us at that time became an equityholder. Going forward, we can offer equity as part of the total reward package to a broad set of our people. This approach aligns with our inclusive culture and proactive approach to employee retention. 
 
 Our Differentiated Service Offerings 
 We are passionate about creating exceptional customer experiences and helping clients achieve their unique business goals. As our clients continuously evolve and grow their modern digital business capabilities, they capitalize on our end-to-end services that combine strategy, innovative experience design and world-class software engineering. Our four global service lines influence thought leadership, capability development, community building and client work to reinforce our premium brand position. 
 Enterprise Modernization, Platforms Cloud 
 Our Enterprise Modernization, Platforms Cloud service line focuses on evolving clients platforms, processes and talent to deliver business value quickly and enables continuous innovation and development. Key offerings include: modernization strategy and execution; digital platform strategy and engineering organization transformation; cloud modernization; cloud-native application support and evolution; and platform assessment and remediation. 
 Customer Experience, Product Design 
 Our Customer Experience, Product Design service line brings together design and product thinking with software engineering excellence, integrating product and platform strategies to help our clients build quality, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

digital products and deliver differentiated customer experiences. This service line delivers: idea to market; customer experience strategy; product management transformation; product design and delivery. 
 Data AI 
 Our Data AI service line combines best-in-class data and software engineering practices, product thinking and data science expertise to help our clients extract value, insights and information from their data assets, connect data silos and create effective predictive analysis tools. This service line delivers: data strategy; intelligent products; data platforms and data mesh; continuous delivery for machine learning (CD4ML); and data governance. 
 Digital Transformation Operations 
 Our Digital Transformation Operations service line connects strategic understanding with software and platform expertise to deliver fast, effective organizational transformation, enabling clients to respond to ever-changing market expectations. This service line delivers: delivery transformation; digital fluency; organizational transformation; value-driven portfolio management; technology strategy; executive advisory services; and digital foundations training. 
 
 Our Global Distributed Agile Delivery Model 
 Thoughtworks is a global business, operating as a single organization, with consistent global capabilities, regardless of country. We have a broad geographical presence with proven capabilities in key regions. As of December 31, 2022, we have 9.6 of our employees in North America, 14.3 in Europe, 15.5 in Latin America ("LATAM") and 60.6 in Asia-Pacific ("APAC"). 
 Our blended delivery model means we are able to partner with our clients in ways that suit them. By offering a combination of onshore and nearshore/offshore talent, we are able to deliver the services our clients need, while balancing costs and proximity considerations. 
 
 Our Clients 
 During 2022, we served over 410 clients ranging from large, global enterprises to technology disruptors, who utilized our services and talent to help them evolve the digital capabilities within their organizations. We have a diversified client base spanning a range of geographies and industry verticals. In 2022, our revenues as a percentage of total revenues were as follows across geographies: 38.9 North America; 32.4 APAC; 24.4 Europe; and 4.3 LATAM. In addition, in 2022, our revenues as a percentage of total revenues were as follows across industry verticals: 27.8 technology and business services; 24.4 energy, public and health services; 18.3 retail and consumer; 17.1 financial services and insurance; and 12.4 automotive, travel and transportation. Additionally, our top five and 10 clients in 2022 represented just 15.4 and 24.7 , respectively, of our revenues. 
 We have long-term and trusted relationships with our clients. In 2022, 87.2 of our revenues came from existing clients and our 10 largest clients in 2022 have been clients with us for an average of nine years. We look to partner with clients who recognize the importance of technology as a central component of their business strategy. With that shared understanding, we engrain ourselves in their organizations and collaborate with them to translate that strategy into higher business value over the long term. 
 Key Challenges Our Clients are Facing 
 As much as digital transformation is considered an imperative, companies face several key challenges in their digital transformation journeys, including the ability to: 
 Keep up with the latest technological innovations. Often companies lack the ability to synthesize and prioritize the latest technology to drive value and to compete. 
 Embrace digital to drive sustainable change across the enterprise. Often, companies are unable to align key functional stakeholders on competing priorities between business and technology. 
 Deliver digital products and experiences rapidly and at scale. Many organizations struggle to adapt to the pace of change required to thrive in a digital marketplace. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Adopt platform thinking. To benefit fully from digital platforms requires significant investments and, often, cultural changes. 
 Recruit and retain high-quality talent. Competition for digital talent is fierce. 
 
 Sales Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing strategy is focused on increasing revenues from existing clients, generating revenues from new clients and continuing to maintain our brand to appeal to current and prospective clients and employees. 
 Sales 
 Our sales strategy emphasizes a team-based approach involving client partners, account managers, delivery professionals, country heads and senior leaders. We have created a three-prong model for our demand teams. One group targets new client acquisition, a second looks after existing clients and the third builds on growing our partner business. 
 In 2022, we invested in our outbound demand generation capacity, increasing our ability to win new business. 
 Excellence in Client Services Initiative 
 Our approach to client relationships is based on the understanding that technology and delivery are as important as sales. Each of our clients has a Client Leadership Team CLT ), whose mission is to drive success for the client s business. The CLT consists of three senior leaders. They are supported by the Excellence in Client Services program, which enables the CLTs to execute strategic change with their clients through masterclasses, workshops and tools. This has been an effective model for us, allowing us to stay close to not only the client but also the work we deliver and how we deliver it. 
 Marketing 
 Our reputation as a leading digital transformation services provider helps us generate new business opportunities. In addition to the flagship Thoughtworks Technology Radar, we have a portfolio of high impact publications such as our annual Looking Glass report, as well as thought leadership events, such as XConf, a global event series focused on the latest thinking from Thoughtworks technology community. 
 The investment in our Digital Experience Platform including the implementation of a new customer relationship management system and migration to a new content management system has strengthened our ability to reach and influence our target business executive audience, support account growth with personalized account-based marketing and collate real-time insights to inform our go-to-market strategy. 
 Our focus on building our premium brand has resulted in Thoughtworks being ranked as a Brand Finance top 25 global IT services brand. 
 
 Revolutionizing the Technology Industry 
 Alongside our commitment to diversity and inclusion in the technology industry, Thoughtworks has been at the forefront of revolutionizing the technology industry and thought leadership and authorship are part of our DNA. 
 Books 
 Thoughtworkers have published approximately 100 books on a wide variety of topics, cementing Thoughtworks industry-leading ideas around distributed agile, lean thinking, microservices and evolutionary architecture. Through nurturing talent and supporting would-be authors, Thoughtworks has established a reputation as an attractive place to work for top talent. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Thoughtworks Technology Radar and Thoughtworks Looking Glass 
 Published twice a year over the past 13 years and now in its 27th edition, Thoughtworks Technology Radar has become the go-to guide for software developers. It helps technologists keep up with the rapid innovation and the ever-evolving technology landscape. The publication received endorsements from Porsche, Redgate and REA Group. 
 Thoughtworks Looking Glass is our annual report into the day s most important technology trends. It gives business executives advice on how advances in technology will impact their organization and how quickly they need to react. 
 Open Source 
 Thoughtworks has always been an ardent supporter of open source software. This support stems from a philosophical perspective on how the best software is created and from a practical perspective, in that many of the software tools and products we have developed have been created through the use of open source licenses; many Thoughtworkers are dedicated contributors to a wide variety of open source projects. 
 We believe that open source enables us to build superior solutions to those based on proprietary software in terms of cost, freedom, privacy, security, quality and community. Building open source software allows us to share new ways of working and learn from the wider community. 
 
 Environment and Social Impact 
 Environment 
 Thoughtworks is passionate about sustainability and the environment, and has a long-standing commitment to creating positive social change through our technology contributions. This includes in May 2021, co-founding the Green Software Foundation, along with Microsoft, GitHub, Accenture and the Linux Foundation, which seeks to build a trusted ecosystem for green software. In 2019, Thoughtworks committed to set near-term company-wide emission reductions targets for which we are currently coordinating validation from the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi"). 
 Social Impact 
 Diversity and inclusion has been a guiding principle since we were founded as evidenced by our 2022 employee engagement survey: Our diversity and inclusion score increased to 9.0 which, according to Peakon surveys, puts Thoughtworks in the top 5 in the sector. As of December 31, 2022, 42.8 of Thoughtworkers globally were WUGM. 
 We work with communities around the world on over 70 initiatives, and strive to make significant contributions to the United Nations ("U.N.") Sustainable development goals ("SDGs"), particularly goals three (good health and well-being), five (gender equality), nine (industry, innovation and infrastructure), 10 (reduced inequalities) and 13 (climate action). We believe that our social impact ethic is a key pillar of our culture and business and is considered a board-level priority. Thoughtworkers seek to undertake transformational social impact projects around the world. An example of this is the work we do in support of the Digital Public Goods Alliance, whose mission is to promote digital public goods to create a more equitable world. In 2022, Thoughtworks joined the United Nations Global Compact. We believe the ten UN Global Compact principles are reflected in our company purpose and we intend to make incorporating these principles into our strategies, policies and procedures a board-level priority. 
 
 Our Industry 
 Modern, next-generation technologies have spawned a digital revolution, advancing the global economy towards a digital age driven by seamless connectivity, efficient cloud computing and advanced data analytics. This is redefining business models, disrupting the competitive landscape and increasing consumer expectations. To survive and enable growth, companies across all industries and geographies need to adapt to the accelerated pace of technological change by undergoing holistic and continuous digital transformations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Key Technology Industry Trends Driving Digital Transformation 
 A number of key industry trends are driving spending for digital transformation: 
 Platforms as products: Delivering value through customer focus. To be truly effective and transformative, platforms must be designed and delivered with a relentless commitment to end-user value. 
 Hostile tech: Confronting challenges in security, ethics and privacy. Successful innovation requires a strong commitment to mitigating the potential risks of new technologies. 
 Partnering with AI: Making machine intelligence mainstream. Businesses must consider where and how to embed machine learning capabilities, ensuring a tangible impact. 
 Making the metaverse: Exploring the frontiers of digital interaction. Emerging technologies, such as extended and augmented reality, are enabling new forms of connection inside organizations and across the wider economy. 
 Evaluating Web3: Navigating the internet s possible futures. The future of the internet is still taking shape; leaders must make smart and informed choices about their participation. 
 Accelerating sustainability: Responding to the climate crisis with technology. Technology is not only an important area for sustainable transformation, it can also help drive it. 
 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 As companies struggle to keep pace with this accelerating rate of technological innovation, they need to rely on service providers to drive digital transformation, creating a massive market opportunity. According to IDC, global spending on digital transformation is forecast to reach 3.4 trillion in 2026. 
 
 Competition 
 We operate in a global, dynamic and rapidly evolving market and, as a result, face competition from a wide number of organizations and service providers, both global as well as local. These include software engineering specialists, large global consulting firms, strategic consulting firms, traditional IT services providers and our clients in-house development teams. 
 We believe that our thought leadership, excellence in modern software engineering capabilities, end-to-end solutions that we are able to deliver to our clients rapidly and at scale, differentiated global delivery model and unique culture with a focus on diversity and inclusion provide us with strong, sustained differentiation from our competition. 
 
 Limitations of Other Digital Service Providers 
 While the market for digital transformation services is large and growing rapidly with a range of quality providers, many face some key limitations, including: 
 Inability to deliver new technological innovations ahead of mass adoption. Many service providers offer expertise around digital innovations only after such innovations reach mass adoption. As a result, they struggle to innovate and adopt newer technologies earlier to differentiate their clients digital products and experiences. 
 Lack of expertise to provide early stage strategy for complex digital transformations. Many service providers are optimized to execute once a template for scaling is designed, but often lack early stage strategy expertise. If technology expertise is absent from strategic decision-making, then the resulting solution may be ineffective or undifferentiated. 
 Employees focused on narrower specialties. Many service providers train their employees in narrower specialties, resulting in both siloed development and solutions. By taking this approach, employees often lack the full context needed to identify potential problems and opportunities, limiting the speed and depth of innovation. 
 Limited onshore talent. Many service providers have a high concentration of employees offshore, but offer limited onshore talent. As a result, they may lack important local market context, client intimacy to 
 14 

Table of Contents 

drive innovation and the ability to influence culture, transfer knowledge and enable sustained organizational change. 
 Concentration of talent in fewer offshore geographies. Many service providers rely on a limited number of international geographies to recruit their offshore talent. As a result, they may miss out on broader pools of high-quality talent to support demand and are unable to consistently provide talent in the client s preferred location. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property rights are important to our business, particularly around our branding. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, independent contractors, vendors and clients to enter into written confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements generally provide that any confidential or proprietary information disclosed or otherwise made available by us be kept confidential. 
 We customarily enter into non-disclosure agreements with our clients with respect to the use of their software systems and platforms. Our clients usually own the intellectual property in the software or systems we develop for them. Furthermore, we usually grant a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, nonexclusive, transferable and non-revocable license to our clients to use our pre-existing intellectual property but only to the extent necessary to use the software or systems we developed for them. 
 We have invested and plan to continue to invest in research and development to enhance our domain knowledge and create complex, specialized solutions for our clients. We have registered (or applied for registration of) the trademark Thoughtworks in over fifteen jurisdictions, including the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, as of December 31, 2022. We have developed several tools, including consulting frameworks and software applications, that we use to deliver digital services to our clients. We have also secured patent protection for certain internal asset tracking and human machine interaction designs. In addition, to ensure we maintain the ability to engage with our clients, employees and the public, we have registered and maintained dozens of domain names. 
 We do not believe that any individual intellectual property right, other than our rights in our name and logo, is material to our business. 
 
 Government Regulations 
 Due to the industry and geographic diversity of our operations and services, our operations are subject to a variety of rules and regulations. Several foreign and U.S. federal and state agencies regulate various aspects of our business. We are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other countries in which we operate, including export-import restriction and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, anti-corruption laws, and privacy laws and regulations like the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), among others. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures. 
 
 Corporate Website Information 
 Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2017 to serve as the indirect holding company of Thoughtworks, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Our principal executive offices are located at 200 East Randolph Street, 25th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60601. Our telephone number is (312) 373-1000. Our website address is www.thoughtworks.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 
 Available Information 
 The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Act") and, in accordance with this law, will file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These periodic reports, proxy statements and other information will be available at the website of the SEC referred to above. We also maintain a website at www.thoughtworks.com. You may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors, executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and charters for the committees of our Board of Directors (the "Board") are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. Before making a decision to invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider all of the risks and uncertainties. 
 Risks Related to Our Global Operations 
 Our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by volatile or uncertain operational, geopolitical, regulatory, legal and economic conditions. 
 Global macroeconomic conditions have, and may continue to, impact us and our clients businesses. Volatile economic conditions, including a potential recession, may continue to undermine business confidence in the markets in which we operate. We have seen, and may continue to see, clients reducing or deferring their spending on new initiatives and technologies. In addition, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, clients reducing, delaying or eliminating spending under existing contracts with us, which negatively affects our business. 
 Ongoing economic volatility and changing demand patterns affect our business in a number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand and effectively build our revenue pipeline. Furthermore, it may take some time for the effects and changes in demand patterns to manifest themselves in our business and results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty, including as a result of increasing geopolitical tensions, inflation, increasing energy costs, economic downturns, changes in global trade policies, global health emergencies and their impact on us, our clients and the industries we serve, could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. Furthermore, the hyper-growth period experienced in the global technology industry during the COVID-19 pandemic may slow and return to normal. 
 Our operations and our clients are located throughout the world, and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. The global nature of our business creates operational and economic risks. Our results of operations may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and recession, as well as political, trade and military disputes. War, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, pandemics and other regional or global health crises, storm or disease may cause difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, cause clients to delay their decisions on spending for the services we provide, give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles and may create unanticipated challenges for our growth strategy. Further escalation or expansion of the war between Russia and Ukraine could impact our European business operations including disrupting our client service delivery and negatively impacting the demand for our services. Emerging nationalist trends in specific countries may significantly alter the trade environment. Changes to trade policy or agreements as a result of populism, protectionism, or economic nationalism may result in higher tariffs, local sourcing initiatives, or other developments that make it more difficult to sell our services and solutions internationally. Travel restrictions resulting from natural or man-made disruptions and political or social conflict increase the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly-skilled and qualified professionals and could unexpectedly increase our labor costs and expenses, both of which could also adversely affect our ability to serve our clients. 
 Operational, geopolitical and economic events may pose significant security risks to our employees, the facilities where they work, our operations, electricity and other utilities, communications, travel and network 
 16 

Table of Contents 

services, and the disruption of any or all of them could materially adversely affect our financial results. Our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of a disaster. 
 Certain legal systems or policy decisions may make it more difficult to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce intellectual property, contractual or corporate rights. Disruptions of these kinds in developed or emerging markets could negatively impact demand for our services and solutions or increase our operating costs. 
 We have significant operations in China. While we believe that our unique position in the Chinese market presents long-term opportunities, doing business in China has increased risks given the uncertainties around domestic legislation, foreign policy, trade policy and international relations. Our reliance on our employees in China to help deliver our services to clients world-wide presents the risk that clients may refuse to accept, or may be prohibited from accepting, services originating from China. Furthermore, we face the risk that our business operations in China will be impacted by government regulations and/or foreign sanctions. Escalation of current geopolitical tensions may implicate China and could increase the risk of government regulations and/or foreign sanctions and imposition of export controls and import restrictions. In addition, our information technology systems may be at risk of being blocked from our world-wide operations. Ongoing human rights concerns in China may result in boycotts of our services or client requests not to use Chinese operations to support their projects. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange transactions related to our non-U.S. operations. Our profit margins are subject to volatility as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates. Significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates have had, and may continue to have, a material impact on our business and results of operations. In some countries, we may be subject to regulatory or practical restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies, which would limit our ability to use cash across our global operations and increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. This risk could increase as we continue expanding our global operations, which may include entering emerging markets that may be more likely to impose these types of restrictions. Currency exchange volatility caused by political or economic instability or other factors could also materially impact our results. See Item 7A. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Foreign Currency Risk. 
 Increases in wages, equity compensation and other compensation expenses could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and increase our costs. 
 In all countries in which we operate, wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent, macroeconomic pressures, or ordinary course pay increases, may also increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our clients or charge premium prices when justified by market demand. If we do not keep up with wage inflation in the markets in which we operate, we could reduce our ability to attract and retain talent. As a corollary, if we increase operations and hiring to a significant degree in developed countries above the hiring rate in emerging countries, our compensation expenses may increase at a faster rate because of the higher wages for technology professionals in those developed markets. In addition, if we are unable to maintain our premium pricing model, we may see reduced profitability or be unable to pay wages consistent with market practices, which may result in higher attrition. 
 Our results of operations have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created widespread economic disruption and uncertainty, including as it relates to our operations, our people s ability to work and demand for our services and solutions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to further impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous factors that are frequently changing or unknown, and that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic, including the development of new and unique variants of COVID-19; governmental, business and individuals responses or planned responses to the pandemic, including availability, adoption, efficacy and administration rates of vaccines; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and any ongoing or future governmental interventions; the effect on our clients and client demand for our services and solutions; our ability to sell and provide our services and solutions, including travel restrictions; our ability to acquire new clients or deepen relationships with our 
 17 

Table of Contents 

existing clients due to budgetary constraints or changes in business strategy at our clients as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; the ability of our clients to pay in a timely manner, if at all, for our services and solutions with or without discounts requested by our clients; bankruptcy or other insolvency procedures among our clients; and closures of our and our clients offices and facilities. 
 We have also experienced higher than normal employee absentee rates due to illness, family medical leave and bereavement leave. For example, we have seen more of our employees unable to work during a more localized surge of COVID-19 cases. Such a surge, if sufficiently widespread, could materially impact our operations. In addition, government policies may result in periodic lock-downs, border closures, supply chain disruptions and employee absenteeism, which could have an impact on our business directly or may affect our clients and their engagement with us. An overall or prolonged labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section of this Annual Report. 
 Our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors. 
 We conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of such tax laws in one or more jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties. The determination of our income tax expense and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. Our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions. If a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including, but not limited to, a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our results of operations, business and profitability. In addition, any significant changes to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act U.S. Tax Act enacted in 2017, or to regulatory guidance associated with the U.S. Tax Act, could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. 
 Risks Related to Our Client Relationships 
 We are dependent on our existing client base and our ability to retain and expand our relationships with such clients. 
 Historically, a significant percentage of our revenues has come from our existing client base. For example, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 87.2 of our revenues came from Existing Clients (as defined elsewhere in this Annual Report). However, the volume of work performed for a specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally do not have long-term commitments from our clients and are often not our clients exclusive technology services provider. A client in one year may not provide the same level of revenue for us in any subsequent year. Further, one or more of our significant clients could be acquired, and there can be no assurance that the acquirer would choose to use our services in respect of such clients to the same degree as previously, if at all. 
 In addition, the services we provide to our clients, and the revenues and income from those services, may decline or vary as the type and quantity of services we provide changes over time. In addition, our reliance on any individual client for a significant portion of our revenues may give that client a certain degree of pricing leverage against us when negotiating contracts and terms of service. 
 Our business model depends on relationships our teams develop with our clients so that we can understand our clients needs and deliver solutions and services that are tailored to those needs. If a client is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us, or with the type of services or solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the client s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that client. In particular, clients that are not satisfied might seek to terminate existing contracts, which could mean that we could incur costs for the services performed with no associated revenue. This could also direct future business to our competitors. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We generally do not have long-term commitments from our clients, our clients may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts, and we are not guaranteed payment for services performed under contract. A loss of business, non-payment or a decrease in the scope of business from significant clients could materially affect our results of operations. 
 We are generally not our clients exclusive IT services provider and we generally do not have long-term commitments from clients to purchase our services. Our clients ability to terminate engagements with or without cause and our clients inability or unwillingness to pay for services we performed makes our future revenues and profitability uncertain. Although a substantial majority of our revenues are typically generated from clients who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. Therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end. 
 There are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate or decline to renew a contract or project with us, or be unable to pay us, including: 
 economic uncertainty; 
 financial difficulties; 
 corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity; 
 our inability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues; 
 change in strategic or operational priorities, resulting in elimination of the project or a reduced level of technology-related spending; 
 change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the client s in-house technology departments or to our competitors; 
 replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors; and 
 uncertainty and disruption to the global markets due to including, but not limited to, public health pandemics, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, war, inflation, supply chain slowdown, and increasing energy prices. 
 Termination or non-renewal of a client contract could cause us to experience a higher-than-expected number of unassigned employees and thus compress our margins until we are able to reallocate our headcount. Clients that delay payment, request modifications to their payment arrangements, or fail to meet their payment obligations to us could increase our cash collection time, cause us to incur bad debt expense, or cause us to incur expenses in collections actions. The loss of clients, a significant decrease in the volume of work our clients outsource to us or the price they are willing or able to pay us, if not replaced by new service engagements and revenue, could materially adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 We face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services. 
 We have experienced, and may in the future experience, a long selling cycle for our services. Our sales cycle is defined as the elapsed time between the date of opening a qualified client opportunity and the date the opportunity is closed with an agreement to provide services to the client, and is on average 87 days. Before potential clients commit to use our services, they require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. Therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients decision to select another service provider or in-house resources to perform the services, the timing of our clients budget cycles, and client procurement and approval processes. If our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it could negatively affect the timing of our revenues and our revenue growth. In certain cases, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract, which may cause fluctuations in recognizing revenues between periods or jeopardize our ability to collect payment from clients. 
 Implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. Our current and future clients may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential clients despite devoting significant time and resources to them. Any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services processes could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Our cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to collect on billed and unbilled receivables from clients. 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. We maintain provisions against receivables. Actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we may need to adjust our provisions. We may not accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. Macroeconomic conditions, such as a global recession, could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause clients to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables balance. Timely collection of fees for client services also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect our contractual service fees. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we might experience delays in the collection of or be unable to collect our client balances, which would adversely affect our results of operations and could adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time required to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to make necessary investments and, therefore, our results of operations. 
 If our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable. 
 We face a number of risks when pricing our contracts and setting terms with our clients. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace, global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility) and the coordination of operations and our people in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. If our pricing for a project includes dedicated professionals or facilities and the client were to slow or stop that project, we may not be able to reallocate resources to other clients. Our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. Because of such inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our services, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work, or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts, such as defined performance goals, service levels and completion schedules. The risk of underpricing our services or underestimating the costs of performing the work is heightened in fixed-price contracts and other similar commercial contracting arrangements, which may become a larger portion of our revenues if our pricing structures change. If we fail to accurately estimate the resources, time or quality levels required to complete such engagements, or if the cost to us of employees, facilities, or technology unexpectedly increases, we could be exposed to cost overruns. Any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of the services, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable. In addition, our industry is sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. 
 Risks Related to Our People and Growth 
 We may be unable to implement our growth strategy. 
 We have grown rapidly and significantly expanded our business over the past several years. Our growth has resulted in part from developing innovative solutions at the forefront of emerging technologies for our clients. However, this requires that we invest substantial amounts of cash in human capital and the infrastructure to support our growth, including training, administration and facilities. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure, and our growth strategy creates challenges, including: 
 recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled professionals and management personnel; 
 planning our staffing needs on a consistent basis and efficiently using on-site and off-site staffing; 
 maintaining close and effective relationships with a larger number of clients in a greater number of industries and locations; 
 controlling costs and minimizing cost overruns and project delays in delivery center and infrastructure expansion; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

effectively maintaining productivity levels and implementing process improvements across geographies and business units; 
 balancing our hiring patterns with anticipated demand for our services; and 
 improving our internal administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. 
 We intend to continue our expansion and pursue available opportunities for the foreseeable future. As we introduce new services, enter into new markets, integrate corporate acquisitions, and take on increasingly innovative projects, often implementing or introducing new technologies to our clients, our business may face new risks and challenges. If our clients do not choose us for innovative projects or we do not effectively manage those projects, our reputation, business and financial goals may be damaged. We need to generate business and revenues to support new investments and infrastructure projects. We risk inaccurately estimating our human capital needs, which may result in having personnel with the wrong skill sets in our business, having an excess in personnel or deficiency in certain specialized skills sets and as a result we may need to recalibrate our workforce including adjusted hiring patterns and undertaking periodic workforce reductions. Furthermore, inaccurately assessing human capital needs may, and which in the past has resulted, and in the future may result, in workforce reductions. The challenges associated with expansion could negatively impact our anticipated growth and margins. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our ability to generate and retain business depends on our reputation in the marketplace. 
 Our services are marketed to clients and prospective clients based on a number of factors, including reputation. Our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our potential clients evaluation of whether to engage our services. Our clients perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. We believe that the Thoughtworks brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees. 
 Our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former clients and employees, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. We and our officers and directors are and may from time to time be subject to legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business or otherwise, which could adversely affect our reputation even if we or they ultimately prevail. There is a risk that negative information about us, even if untrue, could adversely affect our business, could cause damage to our reputation and be challenging to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, could lead to a loss of revenue or litigation, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the Thoughtworks brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us. 
 If we cannot positively evolve our Thoughtworks culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion and execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe a critical component to our success has been our corporate culture. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team and developing our leaders. Our culture has evolved over time, including in ways that may be unforeseeable or unfavorable to us. As we develop the infrastructure of a public company, our operations may need to change to support that infrastructure. In particular, we are committed to a business culture that promotes intentional sharing of business information and decision-making processes so that our team members are engaged and invested in our mission and operational success. Due to certain operational changes needed to become a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture. Further, we may have difficulties maintaining our culture in our on-going environment where employees are working remotely. 
 If we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies successfully, or if acquisitions do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability, our culture and growth plans could be materially adversely affected. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we expect to acquire businesses that we believe are a strategic fit with ours, both culturally and operationally, to augment our organic growth or to keep us at the forefront of emerging technologies. However, we may not be able to find acquisition targets that meet our criteria, and there may be intense competition for acquisition targets that are attractive to us. In addition, we do not have extensive 
 21 

Table of Contents 

experience integrating and managing acquired businesses or assets. Such acquired businesses or assets may not advance our business strategy or achieve a satisfactory return on our investment; we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired employees into our culture, client relationships or operations; and acquisitions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business. Historical practices, policies and controls of acquired companies may present reputation and business risks to us. Furthermore, contracts between our acquisition targets and their clients may lack terms and conditions that adequately protect us against the risks associated with the services we provide, which may increase our potential exposure to damages. If not effectively managed, the disruption of our ongoing business, increases in our expenses (including significant one-time expenses and write-offs) and the difficulty and complexity of effectively integrating acquired operations may adversely affect our overall growth and profitability. 
 We must successfully attract, hire, train and retain qualified professionals to service our clients projects and we must productively deploy our professionals to remain profitable. 
 Identifying, recruiting, hiring and retaining professionals with specialized and diverse skill sets across our broad geography of operations and consistent with our evolving client delivery model is critical to maintaining existing engagements and obtaining new business. If we are unable to recruit skilled professionals and if we do not deploy those professionals productively, our profitability will be significantly impacted. We must manage our professionals well and by planning and training for future needs effectively and staffing projects appropriately while accurately predicting the general economy and our clients need for our services. Increased hiring by technology companies, and increasing worldwide competition for skilled technology professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of skilled professionals in the locations where we operate and hire. If we are unable to attract, hire, train and retain highly skilled professionals and productively deploy them on client projects, we will jeopardize our ability to meet our clients expectations and develop ongoing and future business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competition for highly skilled professionals is intense in the markets where we operate, and we may experience significant employee turnover rates due to such competition. If we are unable to retain professionals with specialized skills, our revenues, operating efficiency and profitability will decrease. Cost reductions, such as reducing headcount, or voluntary departures that result from our failure to retain the professionals we hire, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire skilled professionals to meet our business requirements in the future. Inability to attract or retain professionals with specialized skill sets may disrupt our ability to provide certain client services and impact our reputation for innovation on our industry. Increased compensation to retain skilled professionals could lead to lower margins or to price increases that may in turn lead to a decline in demand for our services. 
 Any significant growth in the market for our services or solutions or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial and other purposes. During any period of growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify, recruit, maintain, integrate and motivate new employees. If we experience a period of stagnation or contraction, we may be required to reassess our staffing needs and consider workforce reductions. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 If we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards, we may lose clients and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our services and solutions. Our ability to anticipate developments in our industry, enhance our existing services, develop and introduce new services or tools, provide enhancements and new features for our solutions and tools, and keep pace with changes and developments are critical to meeting changing client needs. Our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes and developments is subject to a number of risks, including that: 
 we may not be able to develop new, or update existing, services, applications, tools and software quickly or inexpensively enough to meet our clients needs; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

we may find it difficult or costly to make existing software and tools work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems; 
 we may find that operating in a rapidly evolving industry, it is difficult to evaluate future prospective clients; 
 we may find it challenging to develop new, or update existing, software, services and tools to keep pace with evolving industry standards, methodologies and regulatory developments in the industries where our clients operate at a pace and cost that is acceptable to our clients; 
 we may find that the services, tools, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace; and 
 we may find it difficult to maintain high quality levels of performance with new technologies and methodologies. 
 Further, services, tools, technologies or methodologies that our competitors develop may render our services or tools non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to enhance our existing services and tools and to develop and introduce new services and tools to promptly address the needs of our clients could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We face intense competition from a range of technology and software services providers, and an increase in competition or our inability to compete successfully could materially adversely affect our business. 
 The market for technology services and solutions is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change and evolving industry standards and we expect competition to intensify. Our success depends on creating software services and solutions that deeply connect our clients with consumers and employees. For example, if we are unable to anticipate technology developments, enhance our existing services or develop and introduce new services to keep pace with such changes and meet changing client needs, we may lose clients and our revenues and results of operations could suffer. Our results of operations would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our clients, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities, are not effectively brought to market or are commoditized. Existing and new competitors may be able to offer engineering, design and innovation services that are, or that are perceived to be, substantially similar or better than those we offer, or they may offer such services at a discounted rate. In addition, our competitors may have greater financial, technical and other resources and greater name recognition than we do. Certain competitors may also have, or over time will have, a stronger presence in certain geographic markets. We may also face competition from in-house development by our clients, academic and government institutions, and the open-source community who may offer similar solutions or an adequate substitute for our services and solutions. These factors may force us to compete on other fronts in addition to the quality of our services and to expend significant resources in order to remain competitive, which we may be unable to do. 
 Risks Related to Our Services and Solutions 
 If we cause disruptions to our clients businesses, provide inadequate service, or breach contractual obligations, our clients may have claims for substantial damages against us and our reputation may be damaged. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against such claims. 
 If our professionals make errors in the course of delivering services or we fail to meet contractual obligations to a client, these errors or failures could disrupt the client s business or expose confidential or personally identifiable information. Any of these events could result in a reduction in our revenues, damage to our reputation, and could also result in a client terminating our engagement and making claims for substantial damages against us. Some of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability for occurrences such as breaches of confidentiality and indemnification relating to intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violations, and we cannot generally limit liability to third parties with which we do not have a contractual relationship. In some cases, breaches of confidentiality obligations, including obligations to protect personally identifiable information, may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief. 
 Although we maintain professional liability insurance, product liability insurance, commercial general and property insurance, business interruption insurance, workers compensation coverage, cyber insurance and umbrella insurance for certain of our operations, our insurance coverage does not insure against all risks in our operations or all claims we may receive. Damage claims from clients or third parties brought against us or 
 23 

Table of Contents 

claims that we initiate due to the disruption of our business, litigation or natural disasters, may not be covered by our insurance, may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources even if insured. Some types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate, and we cannot insure against damage to our reputation. The assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful and whether or not insured, could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Security breaches, cyber-attacks, employee and other internal misconduct, computer viruses, the mishandling of personal data and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, use, store, process, transmit and view sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information belonging to us, our clients, respective employees and other end users. This information is stored on our networks or in the data centers and networks of third-party providers. Physical security and the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Some of our clients have sought, and may continue to seek, additional assurances for the protection of their sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, and attach greater liability in the event that their sensitive information is disclosed. 
 Despite security measures, information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (including phishing and ransomware attacks), or breached due to software bugs, human error, employee theft, misuse, misconduct or malfeasance, system failure or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks, or the networks of our third-party providers, and the information stored there could be accessed, held for ransom, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. Some of our systems will not be fully redundant and any problems at our third-party providers data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in service. Such a breach, misappropriation or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our tools and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by these events. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws, and regulatory penalties and could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position. 
 The techniques utilized and planned by hackers, bad actors, and other unauthorized entrants are varied and constantly evolving and may not be detected until a breach has occurred. As a result, despite our efforts, it may be difficult or impossible for us to implement measures that fully prevent such attacks or react in a timely manner. Unauthorized parties may in the future attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including, among others, hacking into our or our clients systems or facilities, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, clients or others into disclosing usernames, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may, in turn, be used to access our information technology systems and gain access to our data or other confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information. Such efforts may be state-sponsored and supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more difficult to detect and prevent. There can be no assurance that any security or other operational measures that we or our third-party providers have implemented will be effective against any of the foregoing threats or issues. 
 In addition, certain of our third-party providers may also be subject to such attempts, which then can be used to attempt to infiltrate our systems or to access our data or other confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information. Because we do not control our third-party service providers or the processing of data by such providers, other than through our contractual relationships, our ability to monitor our third-party providers data security may be very limited such that we cannot ensure the integrity or security of measures they take to protect and prevent the loss of our or our clients data. As a result, we are subject to the risk that cyber-attacks on, or other security incidents affecting, our third-party providers may adversely affect our business even if an attack or breach does not directly impact our systems. It is also possible that security breaches sustained by, or other security incidents affecting, our competitors could result in negative publicity for our entire industry that indirectly harms our reputation and diminishes demand for our services and solutions. 
 Furthermore, federal and state regulators and many federal and state laws and regulations require notice of certain data security breaches that involve personal information, which, if applicable, could lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause our clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. In addition, we may incur significant costs and operational consequences in 
 24 

Table of Contents 

connection with investigating, mitigating, remediating, eliminating, and putting in place additional measures designed to prevent future actual or perceived security incidents, as well as in connection with complying with any notification or other obligations resulting from any security incidents. 
 Our insurance policies may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches, and we may not be able to collect fully, if at all, under these insurance policies. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 If we are unable to fully protect the security and privacy of our data, or if we or our third-party service providers are unable to prevent any data security breach, incident, unauthorized access, and/or misuse of our information by our clients, employees, service providers, or hackers, it could result in significant liability (including litigation and regulatory actions and fines), cause lasting harm to our brand and reputation and cause us to lose existing clients and fail to win new clients. 
 A significant failure in our systems, telecommunications or IT infrastructure could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and otherwise disrupt our business. 
 Our service model relies on maintaining well-functioning voice and data communications, online resource management, financial and operational record management, client service and data processing systems between our client sites and our client management locations. Our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these technologies, which could be due to software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrades, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users and time spent online, increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. Such events could result in interruptions in service to our clients, damage to our reputation, harm to our client relationships, and reduced revenues and profitability. Further, because we rely on third-party service providers, we may be affected by security incidents that we can neither control nor mitigate, including their vulnerability to damage or interruption from physical theft, fire, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, power loss, war, telecommunications and other service failures, computer viruses, degradation of service attacks, ransomware, insider theft or misuse, break-ins, software bugs, human error, technical malfunctions and similar events. 
 Our crisis management procedures, business continuity plans and disaster recovery capabilities may not be effective at preventing or mitigating the effects of such disruptions, particularly in the case of a catastrophic event. Loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete client projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenues or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation. 
 Risks Related to Regulation, Legislation and Legal Proceedings 
 Changes in privacy and data protection regulations could expose us to risks of noncompliance and costs associated with compliance. 
 We are subject to federal, state and international data privacy and data security regimes due to our global business. For example, among others, we are subject to the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), California s Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), China s PRC Cybersecurity Law and Brazil s General Protection Data Law. Each regulatory regime imposes significant restrictions and requirements relating to the processing of personal data. These and other national and international data protection laws are more burdensome than historical privacy standards. Each regime has established complex legal obligations that organizations must follow with respect to the processing of personal data, including a limitation on the transfer of personal information to third parties or to other countries, and the imposition of additional notification, security and other control measures. Compliance with such regimes, including U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations, could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws and state consumer protection laws, which govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information could apply to our operations. Many state legislatures have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security and data breaches. Laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to clients whose personally identifiable information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), was approved by California voters in the November 2020 election. The CPRA, which will take effect in most material respects in January 2023, modifies the CCPA significantly, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 Foreign data protection laws, including the GDPR, may also apply to other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR introduced new data protection requirements in the European Union (the EU ), as well as potential fines for noncompliant companies of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of annual global revenue. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EU and the United States remains uncertain. For example, in 2016, the EU and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the EU to the United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union. 
 Enforcement actions and decision notices taken by the European Union data protection authorities, in the case of GDPR, by individuals or the California regulatory authorities, in the case of the CCPA, or by other relevant supervisory bodies as well as audits or investigations by one or more individuals, organizations, or foreign government agencies could result in civil or criminal penalties and fines for non-compliance or direct claims against us in the event of any loss or damage as a result of a breach of these regulations. The burden of compliance with additional data protection requirements may result in significant additional costs, complexity and risk in our services. Clients may seek to shift the potential risks resulting from the implementation of data privacy legislation to us. We are required to establish processes and change certain operations in relation to the processing of personal data as a result of these many regulatory regimes, which may involve substantial expense and distraction from other aspects of our business. The rate of change in the privacy and data protection landscape compounds these risks. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including export-import restrictions and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and similar anti-corruption laws. Compliance with these laws requires significant resources and non-compliance may result in civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures. 
 We are subject to many laws and regulations that restrict our international operations, including laws that prohibit activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to U.S. sanctions. The U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC)" and other regulatory bodies that may have jurisdiction of aspects of our operations from time to time have imposed sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, industry sectors, organizations and individuals. We are also subject to the FCPA and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries, all of which prohibit companies and their intermediaries from bribing government officials and other business partners for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced government corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices, although adherence to local customs and practices is generally not a defense under U.S. and other anti-bribery laws. 
 Our compliance program contains controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the FCPA, OFAC and other sanctions, and laws and regulations. The continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of our compliance program may be time consuming, expensive, and could result in the discovery of compliance issues or violations by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees or agents, including third parties with whom we associate or companies we acquire, could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in us under certain state laws. 
 We may become subject to disputes or legal or other proceedings that could involve significant expenditures by us, which could have a material adverse effect on us, including our financial results. 
 The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for disputes or legal or other proceedings from time to time relating to product liability, tax matters, personal injury, labor and employment matters, contract disputes, intellectual property, data privacy and data security, and other issues. These disputes, individually or collectively, could affect our business by distracting our management from the operation of our business or impacting our market reputation with our clients. If these disputes develop into proceedings or judgments, these proceedings or judgments, individually or collectively, could involve significant expenditures and any reserves relating thereto may ultimately prove to be inadequate. 
 Our environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments and disclosures may expose us to reputational risks and legal liability. 
 Our brand and reputation are also associated with our public commitments to various ESG initiatives, including our goals relating to sustainability and inclusion and diversity. Our disclosures on these matters and any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our commitments, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships or our recruitment and retention efforts, as well as expose us to potential legal liability. In addition, positions we take or do not take on social issues may be unpopular with some of our employees, our clients or potential clients, governments or advocacy groups, which may impact our ability to attract or retain employees or the demand for our services. We also may choose not to conduct business with potential clients or discontinue or not expand business with existing clients due to these positions. 
 Increasing focus on ESG matters from regulators, investors and consumers has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, legal and regulatory requirements requiring climate, human rights and supply chain-related disclosures and changing consumer preferences and buying practices. If we fail to comply with new laws, regulations or reporting requirements or keep pace with ESG trends and developments or fail to meet the expectations of our clients and investors, our reputation and business could be adversely impacted. Further, if new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. In addition, our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or may not meet the expectations of investors or other stakeholders. 
 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on ESG performance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions, and thus unfavorable ESG ratings could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. 
 
 Further, while we have certain ESG initiatives, goals and commitments, including in relation to sustainability and inclusion and diversity, there can be no assurance that investors and other stakeholders will determine that these programs are sufficiently robust. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish any announced goals related to such initiatives, as statements regarding our ESG-related goals reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them within the timelines we announce or at all. Our ability to achieve our ESG commitments, including our goals relating to sustainability and inclusion and diversity, is also subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which 
 27 

Table of Contents 

could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future as well as additional costs and administrative burden that may result from compliance efforts in connection with such evolving standards. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our existing indebtedness could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 402.5 million outstanding under our senior secured term loan provided for under the Term Loan and 300.0 million of availability under our Revolver (as defined below). Our debt service obligation includes the payment of interest expense. Failure to pay on our obligations could trigger an event of default, the consequences of which are explained herein. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Our Credit Facilities. Our indebtedness, and any future indebtedness we may incur, could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes for debt service, which could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 
 Our level of indebtedness may place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs. Increases in interest rates may directly impact the amount of interest we are required to pay and reduce earnings accordingly. In addition, developments in tax policy, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for interest paid on outstanding indebtedness, could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Credit Agreement governing our Term Loan and Revolver contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including our ability to incur additional debt, create or incur liens, engage in mergers or consolidations, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of assets, make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt, pay dividends or distributions, make investments, and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. In addition, the restrictive covenants in the Credit Agreement require us to satisfy a financial condition test for the benefit of our Revolver in the event our Revolver usage exceeds 35 of our available Revolver (subject to certain exclusions for letters of credit). Our ability to satisfy those tests can be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of the covenants or restrictions under the Credit Agreement could result in an event of default, which could permit our creditors to accelerate our debt and terminate commitments to extend credit to us. In addition, if we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms, or at all. 
 In addition, the Credit Agreement currently uses London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) as a reference rate for the Term Loan and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR) as a reference rate for the Revolver. It is expected that US banks will phase LIBOR out as a benchmark for loans by mid-2023. The Credit Agreement allows us to continue to use LIBOR for the Term Loan until that time with the option to switch to SOFR prior to the LIBOR phase out. While the Credit Agreement includes LIBOR replacement provisions, it is impossible to predict the effect of LIBOR being phased out on our interest expense or financial condition generally. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we cannot protect our brand through our intellectual property rights, our business may be harmed. 
 We believe that developing and maintaining our brand is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our services and solutions and is an important element in attracting new clients and retaining existing clients. We rely on our brand names, trademarks, trade names and service marks to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors. If we are unable to adequately protect our brand, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, third parties may use brand names or trademarks similar to ours in a manner that may cause confusion or dilute our brand or trademarks, which could decrease the value of our brand. From time to time, third parties may challenge our use of our trademarks. If we do enforce our trademarks and our other intellectual property rights through litigation, we may not be successful and the litigation may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In the event that our trademarks are 
 28 

Table of Contents 

successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand the affected services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 We may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our or our clients intellectual property, and our business and competitive position may be damaged as a result. 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and unfair competition laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. Protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries, including China, India and Brazil, in which we operate may not be as effective as in other countries with more developed intellectual property protections. 
 We require our employees and independent contractors to assign to us all intellectual property and work product they create in connection with their employment or engagement. These assignment agreements also obligate our people to keep proprietary information confidential. While it is our policy to require our employees and independent contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. If these agreements are not enforceable in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we cannot ensure that we will own the intellectual property they create or that our clients proprietary information will not be disclosed. Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our clients proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable unauthorized parties to benefit from our clients technologies, tools and applications without payment and may make us liable to our clients for damages and compensation, which could harm our business and competitive position. 
 We may face intellectual property infringement, misappropriations or other violation claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. If we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights, our reputation may be damaged, we may lose clients and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies, solutions and services for our clients without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third parties intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights relating to our solutions or services that could give rise to potential infringement, misappropriation or violation claims against us or our clients. If those intellectual property rights are potentially relevant to our service offerings, we may need to license those rights in order to continue to use the applicable technology, but the holders of those intellectual property rights may be unwilling to license those rights to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We typically indemnify clients who purchase our services and solutions against potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk and cost of defending the underlying infringement claims. These claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our clients, regardless of the merits of these claims, and our indemnification obligations are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. Intellectual property litigation could also divert our management s attention from our business and existing or potential clients could defer or limit their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until we resolve such litigation. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our clients, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing tools, services or solutions to that client, or obtain a license for the intellectual property that such services or solutions allegedly infringe. If we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, the affected client may be forced to stop using our services or solutions. 
 Any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including without limitation: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; 
 variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; 
 changes in our projected operating and financial results; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions, or new offerings; 
 significant data breaches, disruptions to, or other incidents involving our services; 
 our involvement in litigation; 
 future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders, including as a result of our contractual and other Company-imposed equity plan lock-up releases, beginning in March 2022 or the perception that such sales may occur; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 the trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; and 
 general macroeconomic, geopolitical and market conditions beyond our control. 
 Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management s attention. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies, products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock is heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If securities analysts or industry analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, the ability of the holders of our common stock to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board. Accordingly, holders of our common stock may need to rely 
 30 

Table of Contents 

on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 The Apax Funds control us, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future . 
 The Apax Funds indirectly beneficially own approximately 62.6 as of December 31, 2022, of our common stock. As a result, the Apax Funds are able to control the election and removal of directors on the Board and thereby determine our corporate and management policies, including potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, and other significant corporate transactions for so long as the Apax Funds and their affiliates retain significant ownership of us. This concentration of our ownership may delay or deter possible changes in control of the Company, which may reduce the value of an investment in our common stock. Even when the Apax Funds cease to own shares of our stock representing a majority of the total voting power, for so long as the Apax Funds continue to own a significant portion of our stock, the Apax Funds will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our Board and the approval of actions requiring shareholder approval. Accordingly, for such period of time, the Apax Funds will have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers, decisions on whether to raise future capital, and amending our charter and bylaws, which govern the rights attached to our common stock. In particular, for so long as the Apax Funds continue to beneficially own a significant percentage of our stock, the Apax Funds could cause or prevent a change of control of the Company or a change in the composition of our Board and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of common stock as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our common stock. 
 On September 17, 2021, we entered into a director nomination agreement (the "Director Nomination Agreement") with the Apax Funds through their control of Turing EquityCo. II L.P. that provides the Apax Funds the right, but not the obligation, to nominate a number of individuals designated for election as our Board at any meeting of our stockholders (the Apax Directors ), such that, upon the election of each such individual, and each other individual nominated by or at the direction of our Board or a duly-authorized committee of the board, as a director of our company, the number of Apax Directors serving as directors of our company will be equal to: (i) if the Apax Funds and their affiliates together continue to beneficially own at least 50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the lowest whole number that is greater than 50 of the total number of directors comprising our Board; (ii) if the Apax Funds and their affiliates together continue to beneficially own at least 40 (but less than 50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the lowest whole number that is at least 40 of the total number of directors comprising our Board; (iii) if the Apax Funds and their affiliates together continue to beneficially own at least 30 (but less than 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the lowest whole number that is at least 30 of the total number of directors comprising our Board; (iv) if the Apax Funds and their affiliates together continue to beneficially own at least 20 (but less than 30 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the lowest whole number that is at least 20 of the total number of directors comprising our Board; and (v) if the Apax Funds and their affiliates together continue to beneficially own at least 10 (but less than 20 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the lowest whole number that is at least 10 of the total number of directors comprising our Board. The Apax Funds may also assign such rights to their affiliates. The Director Nomination Agreement also provides for certain consent rights for the Apax Funds so long as they own at least 50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Additionally, the Director Nomination Agreement also prohibits us from increasing or decreasing the size of our Board without the prior written consent of the Apax Funds for so long as the Apax Funds hold at least 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 Apax Partners, the Apax Funds and their affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the software industry and technology industry generally. In the ordinary course of their business activities, Apax Partners, the Apax Funds and their affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other shareholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or clients of ours. Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of Apax Partners, the Apax Funds, any of their affiliates, or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Apax Partners and the Apax Funds also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In 
 31 

Table of Contents 

addition, Apax Partners and the Apax Funds may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections as those afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such governance requirements. 
 The Apax Funds continue to indirectly control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: 
 the requirement that a majority of our Board consist of independent directors; 
 the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 In the future, we may not have a majority of independent directors on our Board, our Compensation and Talent Committee and our Nominating and Governance Committee may not consist entirely of independent directors, and our Compensation and Talent and Nominating and Governance Committees may not be subject to annual performance evaluations. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of other companies listed on Nasdaq. 
 As a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX"), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management efforts. 
 During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

We no longer qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and as such we no longer are entitled to rely on exemptions from certain compliance requirements that are applicable to companies that are emerging growth companies. 
 We are no longer able to continue to take advantage of cost savings associated with the JOBS Act. Furthermore, if the additional requirements applicable to non-emerging growth companies divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a non-emerging growth company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 
 Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders. 
 In addition to the Apax Funds beneficial ownership of 62.6 as of December 31, 2022, of our common stock, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders. Among other things: 
 these provisions allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without shareholder approval, and which may include supermajority voting, special approval, dividend or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of shareholders; 
 these provisions provide for a classified Board with staggered three-year terms; 
 these provisions provide that, at any time when the Apax Funds beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, directors may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; 
 these provisions prohibit shareholder action by written consent from and after the date on which the Apax Funds beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; 
 these provisions provide that, for as long as the Apax Funds beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 50 in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders will require the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of our stock and at any time when the Apax Funds beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50 in voting power of all outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our shareholders will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; and 
 these provisions establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholder meetings. 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that provides us with protections similar to Section 203 of the DGCL and will prevent us from engaging in a business combination with a person (excluding the Apax Funds and any of their direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party) who acquires at least 15 of our common stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such common stock, unless board or shareholder approval is obtained prior to the acquisition. These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of us. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take other corporate actions you desire, including actions that you may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, because our Board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our shareholders to replace current members of our management team. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for shareholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our Board or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board, including delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our common stock and limit opportunities for you to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our shareholders and the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for litigation arising under the Securities Act, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the forum selection provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative action, will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder; accordingly, we cannot be certain that a court would enforce such a provision. Our certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above; however, our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived (and cannot waive) compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The forum selection clause in our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers and may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. If the enforceability of our forum selection provision were to be challenged, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such a challenge. While we currently have no basis to expect that any such challenge would be successful, if a court were to find our forum selection provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with having to litigate in other jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our employees, management and Board. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares may be sold into the market. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. In addition, pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement, certain holders of shares of our common stock, including the Apax Funds, have the right, in certain circumstances, to require us to register shares of our common stock under the Securities Act for sale into the public markets. Upon the effectiveness of such a registration statement, all shares covered by the registration statement will be freely transferable under the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are leased and located at 200 E. Randolph Street, in Chicago, Illinois. We also lease additional office space domestically in Atlanta, Georgia; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas; Denver, Colorado; New York, New York; and San Francisco, California. In addition, we lease office space in various 
 34 

Table of Contents 

international locations, including offices in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Ecuador, Finland, Germany, India, Italy, Netherlands, Romania, Singapore, Spain, Thailand, the United Kingdom and Vietnam. 
 We may procure additional space as we add employees and expand geographically. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any expansion of our operations as needed. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations and businesses that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, intellectual property, data privacy and cybersecurity, contract and employment, personal injury, product liability and warranty. Currently, there are no claims or proceedings against us that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and, regardless of the outcome, we may incur significant costs and experience a diversion of management resources as a result of litigation. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

35 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TWKS on September 15, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were 18 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held in street name by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these holders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and to repay indebtedness and, therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited by restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to us, including as a result of the restrictions in our credit agreement. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to compliance with covenants in current and future agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness and requirements under Delaware law, and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. 
 Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and any funds we received from our subsidiaries. 
 Under Delaware law, dividends may be payable only out of surplus, which is calculated as our net assets less our liabilities and our capital, or, if we have no surplus, out of our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. 
 See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Common Stock We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, the ability of the holders of our common stock to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph and related information shows a comparison of the change in the cumulative total return of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index, between September 15, 2021 (the date our common stock commenced trading on Nasdaq) and December 31, 2022. All values assume an initial investment of 100 and reinvestment of any dividends. The comparisons are based 
 36 

Table of Contents 

on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our common stock. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the sections titled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary herein for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 A discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 is presented below. A discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 is included under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 8, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a global technology consultancy that integrates strategy, design and engineering to drive digital innovation. We are over 12,500 Thoughtworkers strong across 50 offices in 18 countries. Over the last 25+ years, we have delivered extraordinary impact together with our clients by helping them solve complex business problems with technology as the differentiator. 
 In April 2022, we completed the acquisition of Connected Lab Inc. ("Connected"), an end-to-end product design and development firm, which will advance our capabilities in solving business problems through product-led design processes, from defining the strategy to discovery and delivery. Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions, for further detail. 
 In August 2022, we completed the acquisition of Handmade Design, an innovation through design consultancy, which will add premium customer experience ("CX") and product design capacity and capabilities in Brazil for the benefit of clients and end users worldwide. The effect of this acquisition was not material on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Our revenues are generated from providing professional services based on the mix and locations of delivery professionals involved, the pricing structure, which is predominantly time-and-materials, and the type of services, including: enterprise modernization, platforms cloud; customer experience, product design; data artificial intelligence; and digital transformation operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Key Operational and Business Metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key operational and business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 1,296,238 1,069,945 803,375 Revenue Growth Rate as reported (1) 21.1 33.2 4.0 Revenue Growth Rate at constant currency (1) 26.8 29.3 5.1 Net (loss) income (105,393) (575) 78,973 Net (loss) income margin (8.1) (0.1) 9.8 Adjusted Net Income (2) 139,911 125,400 86,383 Adjusted EBITDA (3) 256,793 223,247 153,193 Adjusted EBITDA Margin (3) 19.8 20.9 19.1 
 (1) Certain of our subsidiaries use functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar and the translation of these foreign currency amounts into the U.S. dollar can impact the comparability of our revenues between periods. Accordingly, we use Revenue Growth Rate at constant currency as an important indicator of our underlying performance. Revenue Growth Rate at constant currency is calculated by applying the average exchange rates in effect during the earlier comparative fiscal period to the later fiscal period. 
 (2) We use Adjusted Net Income as an important indicator of our performance. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a definition of and reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income to net (loss) income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, how we use this measure and an explanation of why we consider this non-GAAP measure to be helpful for investors. 
 (3) We also use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin as important indicators of our performance. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a definition of and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, how we use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin and an explanation of why we consider these non-GAAP measures to be helpful for investors. 
 Revenue Growth Rate and Revenue Growth Rate at constant currency 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported revenue growth of 21.1 over the prior year . Acquisitions completed in the last twelve months contributed approximately 2 to revenue growth for the year ended December 31, 2022. Had our consolidated revenues been expressed in constant currency terms using the exchange rates in effect for the year ended December 31, 2021, we would have reported revenue growth of 26.8 . The negative impact to revenues, from foreign currencies, was due to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to certain principal functional currencies of our subsidiaries. 
 For more detail regarding our exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations, see Note 2, Revenue Recognition , to our consolidated financial statements and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Net (Loss) Income, Net (Loss) Income Margin and Adjusted Net Income 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 104.8 million increase in net loss and 8.0 percentage point increase in net loss margin as compared to 2021 were driven by increased stock-based compensation expense of 121.6 million, which includes (a) 24.0 million of recurring RSU expense primarily related to the annual grant and (b) 97.6 million of nonrecurring expense mainly related to option and RSU expense from the IPO. The increases in net loss and net loss margin were also driven by increased payroll expense 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 (excluding stock-based compensation) of 162.2 million due to our investment in additional headcount to support revenue growth. These increases were partially offset by revenue growth reflecting strong demand for our services and our continued focus on obtaining new clients and growing our existing client relationships. For more information, see Results of Operations. We consider net income margin as the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EBITDA Margin. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in Adjusted Net Income as compared to 2021 of 14.5 million, or 11.6 , was due to higher revenues as a result of strong demand for our services, partially offset by increased payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) to support revenue growth. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 33.5 million, or 15.0 , increase in Adjusted EBITDA compared to 2021 was due to higher revenues, partially offset by and higher payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) as a result of headcount growth. 
 The 110 basis point decrease in Adjusted EBITDA Margin as compared to 2021 was primarily due to decreased utilization with growth in our cost of services wages outpacing our revenue growth which was offset by increased efficiency in SG A expenses. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Our long-term financial trend is characterized by strong organic growth, strong client retention, a majority of revenues from existing clients and substantial margin optimization with the support of onshore, nearshore and offshore delivery centers. Our performance for historical periods and future periods is driven by numerous factors discussed, including the following key factors. 
 Ability to retain and expand existing client relationships 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , we served over 410 clients, which we define as clients with spend in excess of 25,000 within the preceding fiscal year, many of whom we work with across multiple geographies. We actively manage our client portfolio and target clients where we believe there is opportunity to develop long-term relationships and drive significant growth. Accordingly, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 87.2 and 86.5 , respectively, of our revenues were derived from existing clients, which we define as clients for whom we have done work and generated revenues in excess of 25,000 within the preceding fiscal year, representing increases of 14.5 and 22.2 in revenues from new and existing clients, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 35 clients generated greater than 10 million in revenues, a 16.7 increase compared to 30 clients for the prior year. 
 While we continue to derive a substantial part of our overall revenues from existing clients, we maintain relatively low client concentration among our largest clients. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced strong growth in our top five, ten and fifty clients and a continued diversification of our business. Revenues from our top five, ten and fifty clients as a percentage of total revenues were 15.4 , 24.7 and 64.1 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16.8 , 27.3 and 69.0 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Dollar Retention Rate 
 We also utilize the net dollar retention rate to measure revenue growth from our clients. Net dollar retention rate provides visibility into the risks associated with our revenues and expected growth, and it measures our ability to continually offer and deliver innovative services to our clients. We use this metric to appropriately manage resources and client retention and growth, such as account management and capability development of our account leadership teams. The net dollar retention rate is calculated by dividing (a) the current period revenue from existing clients by (b) the prior comparative period revenue from existing clients. 
 The net dollar retention rate was approximately 109 and 126 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was driven by pauses in ongoing engagements and slower engagement growth due to some clients impacted by budget pressures in the second half of 2022. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Ability to acquire new clients 
 We intend to continue to acquire new clients through programs designed to generate new business demand and position us as a trusted partner. Winning new business in existing and new geographies and industry verticals is a critical component of our growth strategy. Dedicated new business teams work with marketing using data-driven approaches to focus on client acquisition efforts. In 2022, we invested in our outbound demand generation capacity, increasing our ability to win new business. Commensurately, our total number of clients increased to 416 as of December 31, 2022 from 371 as of December 31, 2021, as we saw increased demand for our global services. Going forward, we may also add new clients, including in new geographies and industry verticals, through selective strategic acquisitions. 
 Expanding our technical capabilities and client solutions 
 We combine strategy, design and software engineering expertise to offer premium, end-to-end solutions to our clients. Our value proposition is based on our thought leadership and expertise across innovative new technologies, differentiated client solutions across our service lines and local and nearshore capabilities i.e. , those delivered from nearby countries in similar time zones) and offshore capabilities i.e. , those delivered from distant countries in different time zones). Our premium position enabled us to drive average revenue per employee of approximately 108,000 for 2022, compared to approximately 116,000 for 2021. The decrease compared to 2021 was driven by the negative impact from foreign currency translation, geographic mix and decreased utilization. We believe our average revenue per employee is meaningfully higher than all our pure-play competitors. We define average revenue per employee as total revenues for the period divided by the average number of employees in such period. Our ability to continue delivering premium and innovative services to our clients depends on evolving our technical and engineering capabilities. 
 Ability to recruit and retain talent 
 To provide services to our clients, we must efficiently hire, train and retain skilled professionals without compromising on the high standards we set for our people. We believe our ability to attract and retain top talent drives high client satisfaction and enables us to deliver on strong client demand to generate growth. Apart from driving high client satisfaction, lower attrition leads to lower hiring and training costs and increased productivity. For 2022, our voluntary attrition rate was 12.0 , down from 15.1 for 2021. We believe the decrease in attrition and thus higher retention was due to technology industry hiring trends and our unique culture, focus on career development, intensive training programs and interesting work opportunities. We increased our total number of employees to over 12,500 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Ability to optimize our global delivery 
 We have a global footprint with the ability to deliver services from multiple geographic regions. As of December 31, 2022, 9 out of our top 10 clients by revenue relied on Thoughtworks delivery from more than one region. We utilize a blended delivery model, which means we are able to offer a combination of local talent with nearshore/offshore talent, allowing us to maintain close proximity to our clients for context and local market knowledge, while driving rapid and high-quality delivery at scale. 
 
 Components of Our Operating Results 
 We operate and manage our business as one reportable segment. While the Company has offerings in multiple market segments and operates in multiple countries, the Company s business operates as one operating segment. Almost all of the Company s service offerings are delivered and supported on a global basis. Additionally, most of the Company s service offerings are deployed in a nearly identical way and the Company s chief operating decision maker, who is the Company's Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the Company s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. 
 Revenues 
 Time-and-Materials Revenues. We generate the majority of our revenues under time-and-materials contracts, which are billed using hourly, daily or monthly rates to determine the amounts to be charged to the client. Revenue from time-and-material contracts is based on the number of hours worked and at contractually 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 agreed-upon hourly rates and is recognized as those services are rendered as control of the services passes to the customer over time. 
 Fixed-Price Revenues. Fixed-price contracts include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using input methods as there is a direct correlation between hours incurred and the end product delivered to the client. Assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress could affect the amount of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period. Revenues under these contracts are recognized using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion to measure progress toward satisfying performance obligations. 
 For a detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policy, refer to Note 2, Revenue Recognition. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of personnel and related costs directly associated with professional services, including salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, project related travel costs, and costs of contracted third-party vendors. Also included in cost of revenues is depreciation attributable to the portion of our property and equipment utilized in the delivery of services to our clients. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit represents revenues less cost of revenues. Gross margin represents gross profit as a percentage of revenues. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses represent expenses associated with promoting and selling our services and general and administrative functions of our business. These expenses include the costs of salaries, bonuses, fringe benefits, stock-based compensation, severance, bad debt, travel, legal and accounting services, insurance, facilities (including operating leases), advertising and other promotional activities. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization consist primarily of depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of capitalized software development costs (internal-use software) and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. 
 Other (Expense) Income 
 Other (expense) income consists of interest expense, impacts from foreign exchange transactions, gains (losses) on the sale of assets, gains related to the sale and settlement of trade receivables, change in fair value of contingent consideration and the write-off of deferred financing fees. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Determining the consolidated income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any potential related valuation allowances involves judgment. We consider factors that may contribute, favorably or unfavorably, to the overall annual effective tax rate in the current year as well as the future. These factors include statutory tax rates and tax law changes in the countries where we operate as well as consideration of any significant or unusual items. Our income tax expense includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as any related interest and penalties. These reserves are adjusted given changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent the final outcome of an uncertain income tax position differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact our income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 1,296,238 1,069,945 803,375 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues (1) 950,305 669,681 475,560 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 372,761 333,904 189,850 Depreciation and amortization 20,484 17,599 17,479 (Loss) income from operations (47,312) 48,761 120,486 Other (expense) income: Interest expense (22,461) (25,456) (25,767) Net realized and unrealized foreign currency (loss) gain (5,405) (5,469) 7,175 Other income (expense), net 610 (1,671) 185 Total other (expense) income (27,256) (32,596) (18,407) (Loss) income before income taxes (74,568) 16,165 102,079 Income tax expense 30,825 16,740 23,106 Net (loss) income (105,393) (575) 78,973 Effective tax rate (41.3) 103.6 22.6 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cost of revenues 176,046 60,678 Selling, general and administrative expenses 73,869 67,624 2,020 Total stock-based compensation expense 249,915 128,302 2,020 
 
 Summary Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 We continue to expand our international presence and nearshore capabilities in different geographies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total revenues grew 21.1 to 1,296.2 million compared to 1,069.9 million for the prior year. The increase in revenues was attributable to continued strong demand for our services, including strong growth across geographies and verticals, and expansion in our top fifty clients. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues by Industry Vertical 
 The following table presents our revenues by industry vertical and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by industry vertical for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Technology and business services 360,117 27.8 288,709 27.0 Energy, public and health services 316,478 24.4 275,279 25.7 Retail and consumer 236,731 18.3 203,193 19.0 Financial services and insurance 221,748 17.1 170,492 15.9 Automotive, travel and transportation 161,164 12.4 132,272 12.4 Total revenues 1,296,238 100.0 1,069,945 100.0 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to see a healthy demand environment and strong revenue growth. The financial services and insurance industry vertical grew by 30.1 , technology and business services by 24.7 , and automotive, travel and transportation by 21.8 , respectively, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue growth in the financial services and insurance and technology and business services verticals was driven by enterprise modernization, platforms and cloud while growth in the automotive, travel and transportation vertical was driven by customer experience, product and design. 
 Revenues by Customer Location 
 Our revenues are sourced from four geographic markets: North America, APAC, Europe and LATAM. We present and discuss our revenues by the geographic location where the revenues are under client contract; however, the delivery of those client contracts could be supported by offshore delivery locations. 
 The following table presents our revenues by customer location and revenues as a percentage of total revenues by customer location for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 North America 503,948 38.9 396,491 37.1 APAC 419,982 32.4 358,596 33.5 Europe 315,875 24.4 267,121 25.0 LATAM 56,433 4.3 47,737 4.4 Total revenues 1,296,238 100.0 1,069,945 100.0 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had revenue growth of 27.1 in North America, with the United States contributing 474.3 million of our North America revenues, compared to 372.8 million for the same period in 2021. The largest client demand came from the energy, public and health services and technology and business services industry verticals. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had revenue growth of 17.1 in APAC where the top revenue contributing customer location country was Australia with revenues of 148.3 million compared to 116.5 million for the same period in 2021. The largest client demand came from the technology and business services industry vertical. We saw a negative impact to revenue from the strengthening of the United States Dollar against the foreign currencies in APAC, particularly the Australian Dollar. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had revenue growth of 18.3 in Europe where the top revenue contributing customer location country was the United Kingdom with revenues of 132.6 million compared to 115.2 million for the same period in 2021. The largest driver of client demand came from our automotive, travel and transportation industry vertical. We saw a negative impact to revenue from the strengthening of the United States Dollar against the foreign currencies in Europe, particularly the Euro and the Great British Pound. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had revenue growth of 18.2 in LATAM, with Brazil being our largest customer location. The largest driver of client demand came from our retail and consumer vertical. 
 Revenues by Client Concentration 
 We have long-standing relationships with many of our clients. We seek to grow revenues from our existing clients by continually increasing the value we provide and expanding the scope and size of our engagements. Revenues derived from these clients may fluctuate as these accounts mature or upon beginning or completing multi-year projects. We believe there is significant potential for future growth as we expand our capabilities and offerings within existing clients. In addition, we remain committed to diversifying our client base and adding new clients to our client mix. 
 The following table presents revenues contributed by our largest clients by amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Top five clients 199,837 15.4 179,755 16.8 Top ten clients 320,580 24.7 291,787 27.3 Top fifty clients 830,614 64.1 737,829 69.0 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues from our top five, ten and fifty clients experienced strong but slower growth compared to our reported revenue growth rate of 21.1 . We continued to focus on opportunities with new and existing clients and further diversified our business. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 12.8 of revenues came from new clients and 87.2 of revenues from existing clients, representing increases of 14.5 and 22.2 in revenues from new and existing clients, respectively. 
 Bookings 
 We use Bookings ("Bookings") as a forward-looking metric that measures the value of new contracts, renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts during the fiscal period. We believe Bookings provides a broad measure of useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our business. We use Bookings to evaluate the results of our operations, generate future operating plans and assess the performance of our company. However, Bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter due to both timing and demand from our clients and thus the conversion of Bookings to revenues is uncertain. The amount of Bookings involves estimates and judgments and is not a reliable predictor of revenues over time. There is no standard definition or measurement of Bookings thus our methodology may not be comparable to other companies. Bookings were 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Cost of revenues 950,305 669,681 280,624 41.9 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 , cost of revenues (including stock-based compensation) increased 41.9 compared to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) of 150.3 million due to higher headcount as we invested in additional talent to support growth and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 115.4 million. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Gross profit 345,933 400,264 (54,331) (13.6) Gross margin 26.7 37.4 
 Our gross marg in decreased by 10.7 percentage points for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 115.4 million and payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) of 150.3 million which was partially offset by our revenue growth from increased demand for our services. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Selling, general and administrative expenses 372,761 333,904 38,857 11.6 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, SG A expenses increased 11.6 compared to 2021. The increase was driven by increases in payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) of 11.8 million, facility expenses of 9.5 million and stock-based compensation expense of 6.2 million. SG A expenses as a percentage of revenues was 28.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 31.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflecting improved efficiencies in the cost of delivering the general and administrative activities of our business. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Depreciation and amortization 20,484 17,599 2,885 16.4 
 The increase was primarily due to an increase in the amortization expense related to increased capitalized software development costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 (Loss) Income from Operations and (Loss) Income from Operations Margin 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change (Loss) income from operations (47,312) 48,761 (96,073) (197.0) (Loss) income from operations margin (3.6) 4.6 
 The decrease was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation expense of 121.6 million, as previously discussed, which includes 46.7 million related to the approval of China SAFE during the first quarter of 2022 and an increase in payroll expense (excluding stock-based compensation) of 162.2 million. This was partially offset by an increase in revenues of 226.3 million. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Interest expense 22,461 25,456 (2,995) (11.8) 
 Interest expense is primarily related to our Term Loan and Revolver. The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in our debt balance as a result of certain voluntary prepayments under our Credit Agreement. 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Other (income) expense, net (610) 1,671 (2,281) (136.5) 
 Other (income) expense, net is primarily related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration, the write-off of deferred financing fees and gains (losses) on the sale of assets. The decrease in the expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was due to a 2.3 million gain recognized on the sale and settlement of trade receivables and 1.1 million decrease in the amount of deferred financing fees written off as a result of debt prepayments, partially offset by the change in fair value of contingent consideration of 1.0 million. 
 Income Tax Expense and Effective Tax Rate 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Change Change Income tax expense 30,825 16,740 14,085 84.1 Effective tax rate (41.3) 103.6 
 The increase in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to capitalized research and experimental costs under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") 174 increasing the Company's net global intangible low tax income ("GILTI") inclusion, the non-deductibility of China SAFE RSUs and executive compensation expense in compliance with IRC 162(m), and the unfavorable impact of excess tax deficiencies on stock-based compensation. 
 The effective tax rate in each period differed from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 principally due to U.S. corporate state income taxation and the effect of foreign operations which reflects the impact of different income tax rates in locations outside the United States, the unfavorable impacts of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets of select foreign operations and the non-deductibility of executive compensation expense in compliance with IRC 162(m), further impacted by excess tax deficiencies unfavorably and excess tax benefits favorably on stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to the non-deductibility of China SAFE restricted stock units ("RSUs") and the unfavorable impact of capitalized research and experimental costs under IRC 174 increasing the Company's net GILTI inclusion. The negative effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is a result of the aforementioned unique net unfavorable items when compared to the pre-tax loss recorded for the period. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Gains and Losses 
 See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk as well as Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Global Operations Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates." 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We define Adjusted Net Income as net (loss) income adjusted for unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain), stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, acquisition costs, certain professional fees that are considered unrelated to our ongoing revenue-generating operations, employer payroll related expense on employee equity incentive plan, final tax assessment for closed operations, tender offer compensation expense that is considered one-time in nature, certain costs related to business rationalization, IPO-related costs, the change in fair value of contingent consideration, and income tax effects of adjustments. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net (loss) income adjusted to exclude income tax expense; interest expense; other expense (income), net, excluding the gain from the sale and settlement of trade receivables; unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain); stock-based compensation expense; depreciation and amortization expense; acquisition costs; certain professional fees that are considered unrelated to our ongoing revenue-generating operations; employer payroll related expense on employee equity incentive plan; final tax assessment for closed operations; tender offer compensation expense that is considered one-time in nature; certain costs related to business rationalization; and IPO-related costs. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by total revenues. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Adjusted Net Income as measures of operating performance and the operating leverage in our business. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors for supplemental period-to-period comparisons of our business and in understanding and evaluating our operating results for the following reasons: 
 Our management uses Adjusted Net Income to assess our overall performance, without regard to items that are considered to be unique or non-recurring in nature or otherwise unrelated to our ongoing revenue-generating operations, net of the income tax effect of the adjustments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are widely used by investors and securities analysts to measure a company s operating performance without regard to the aforementioned adjustments which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures, and the method by which assets were acquired or costs that are unique or non-recurring in nature or otherwise unrelated to our ongoing revenue-generating operations; 
 Our management uses Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in conjunction with financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, as a measure of our core operating results and the effectiveness of our business strategy, and in evaluating our financial performance; and 
 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin provide consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our core operating results, and also facilitate comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. 
 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are, or may in the future be, as follows: 
 Although depreciation and amortization expense is a non-cash charge, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin exclude stock-based compensation expense, which has recently been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring non-cash expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect (i) interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt, which reduces cash available to us; or (ii) accruals or tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin do not reflect transaction costs related to acquisitions; and 
 The expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculations of Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures when they report their operating results, and we may, in the future, exclude other significant, unusual or non-recurring expenses or other items from these financial measures. 
 Because of these limitations, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should be considered along with other financial performance measures presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to their most directly comparable financial measure prepared in accordance with GAAP for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (105,393) (575) 78,973 Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) 10,106 5,028 (5,336) Stock-based compensation 249,915 128,302 2,020 Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles 13,144 12,046 10,537 Acquisition costs (a) 4,126 8,524 633 Certain professional fees (b) 2,014 1,991 56 Employer payroll related expense on employee equity incentive plan (c) 6,353 1,154 Final tax assessment for closed operations (d) 258 Non-recurring tender offer compensation expense (e) 2,715 Business rationalization (f) 1,316 IPO-related costs (g) 2,713 315 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (h) 1,027 Income tax effects of adjustments (i) (41,639) (36,498) (2,131) Adjusted Net Income 139,911 125,400 86,383 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (105,393) (575) 78,973 Income tax expense 30,825 16,740 23,106 Interest expense 22,461 25,456 25,767 Other expense (income), net (j) 1,682 1,671 (185) Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) 10,106 5,028 (5,336) Stock-based compensation 249,915 128,302 2,020 Depreciation and amortization 34,446 29,528 26,528 Acquisition costs (a) 4,126 8,524 633 Certain professional fees (b) 2,014 1,991 56 Employer payroll related expense on employee equity incentive plan (c) 6,353 1,154 Final tax assessment for closed operations (d) 258 Non-recurring tender offer compensation expense (e) 2,715 Business rationalization (f) 1,316 IPO-related costs (g) 2,713 315 Adjusted EBITDA 256,793 223,247 153,193 Net (loss) income margin (8.1) (0.1) 9.8 Adjusted EBITDA Margin 19.8 20.9 19.1 
 (a) Reflects costs for certain professional fees and retention wage expenses related to certain acquisitions. 
 (b) Adjusts for certain transaction expenses, non-recurring legal expenses, and one-time professional fees. 
 (c) Excludes employer payroll related expense on employee equity incentive plan as these expenses are tied to the exercise or vesting of underlying equity awards and the price of our common stock at the time of vesting or exercise. As a result, these taxes may vary in any particular period independent of the financial and operating performance of our business. 
 (d) Adjusts for certain tax related expenses related to final tax assessments from closing operations in Uganda, which was completely shut down in 2015. 
 (e) Adjusts for the additional compensation expense related to the tender offer completed in the first quarter of 2021. 
 (f) Adjusts for business rationalization revenues and costs related to closing Thoughtworks Studios, which was completely shut down as of December 31, 2020. Thoughtworkers previously associated with Thoughtworks Studios were transitioned to other revenue generating functions. 
 (g) Adjusts for IPO-readiness costs and expenses that do not qualify as equity issuance costs. 
 (h) Adjusts for the non-cash adjustment to the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 (i) Adjusts for the income tax effects of the foregoing adjusted items. 
 (j) Excludes a 2.3 million gain related to the sale and settlement of trade receivables which was included within Other income (expense), net in the 2022 consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes certain key measures of our liquidity and capital resources (in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 194,294 368,209 Availability under Revolver 300,000 165,000 Borrowings under Revolver Long-term debt, including current portion (1) 399,006 504,530 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 (1) The balance includes deferred financing fees. A reconciliation of gross to net amounts is presented in Note 12, Credit Agreements . 
 
 Our cash generated from operations and financing activities has been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments. Our capital investments focus on our technology solutions, corporate infrastructure and strategic acquisitions to further expand into new business sectors and/or expand sales in existing sectors. The Company generates sufficient cash flows for working capital and expects to do so for the foreseeable future. 
 In September 2021, we completed our IPO resulting in net proceeds of 314.7 million , after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses of approximately 30.3 million . 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents of 194.3 million and 300.0 million of available borrowings under our Revolver. 
 In the future, we may enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, or intellectual property rights. To fund these acquisitions or investments, we may seek to access the debt or capital markets. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors, including general market conditions, our operating performance, the market s perception of our growth potential, lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with our contractual restrictions, including those in our Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 Our Credit Facilities 
 Our subsidiaries are party to an amended and restated credit agreement, dated March 26, 2021 (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the syndicate lenders thereto and Credit Suisse, AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent, which provides for a term loan ("Term Loan") and revolver ("Revolver"). On December 9, 2022, we amended and restated the credit agreement to (i) increase the amount of revolving credit commitments from 165.0 million to 300.0 million and (ii) transition the reference rate for the revolving borrowings under the Credit Agreement from LIBOR to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR and amend the applicable margins as specified therein. See Note 12, Credit Agreements , for a discussion of the Term Loan and Revolver. As of December 31, 2022, we had 402.5 million outstanding under our Term Loan with an interest rate of 6.88 and no borrowings outstanding under the Revolver. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by substantially all the Borrowers direct and indirect wholly owned material domestic subsidiaries subject to customary exceptions (the Guarantors and together with the Borrowers and Holdings, the Loan Parties ). The obligations under the Credit Agreement and the guarantees of the Guarantors are secured by substantially all of the Loan Parties assets, subject to customary exceptions and thresholds. 
 Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus either (a) a base rate or (b) a LIBOR rate, at our option, subject to interest rate floors. Borrowings under the Revolver bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus either (x) a base rate or (y) SOFR at our option. In addition to paying interest on outstanding borrowings under the Revolver, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Revolver in respect of unutilized commitments thereunder and customary letter of credit fees. The applicable margins in respect of both the Term Loan and the Revolver are subject to adjustments based on our first lien leverage ratios and corporate family ratings. The interest rate applicable to our Term Loan and our Revolver was permanently reduced by 25 basis points in the first quarter of 2022 and was reduced another 25 basis points upon the update to our corporate family rating in November 2022. See Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted within Note 1, Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the potential impact of the transition away from LIBOR. 
 The Credit Agreement requires compliance with certain covenants customary for agreements of this type. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt covenants. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 89,389 118,304 125,296 Investing activities (93,945) (70,309) (14,993) Financing activities (175,125) (140,630) 318,197 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (19,697) (4,622) 6,543 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (199,378) (97,257) 435,043 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 decreased 28.9 million compared to 2021. The decrease in 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in trade receivables as a result of increased revenue and an increase in days sales outstanding ("DSO") in 2022 compared to 2021 and a decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities, partially offset by a decrease in other assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was 93.9 million compared to 70.3 million used in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Connected. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 175.1 million in 2022 was driven by the repayment of long-term debt of 107.2 million and withholding taxes paid related to the following: net share settlement on equity awards of 45.6 million, tender offer of 15.5 million and dividends previously declared of 10.0 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 140.6 million in 2021 was primarily attributable to the repurchase of shares and vested options from our securityholders using the proceeds from the issuance of 720.0 million of preferred stock, partially offset by proceeds from an increase in our term loan which were subsequently used to pay a dividend to our securityholders in April 2021. In addition, our net financing activities were driven by the repayment of long-term debt of 336.7 million, offset by 314.7 million of net proceeds from our IPO. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Future Capital Requirements 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We recorded an acquisition purchase price liability of 14.0 million for contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Connected which is expected to be paid in the second quarter of 2023. The fair value of the liability as of December 31, 2022 was 14.3 million. 
 Refer to Note 3, Acquisitions , and Note 8, Leases, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail regarding the aforementioned contingent consideration and additional information related to our lease commitments. 
 Except as disclosed in Our Credit Facilities and those mentioned above, we did not have other material contractual obligations for cash expenditures. 
 Future Capital Requirements 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. However, our ability to generate cash is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors, and due to our global operations, the value of cash generated may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. If we incur new debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities, existing stockholders may experience dilution, and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth or otherwise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Certain conditions may exist as of the date of the consolidated financial statements which may result in a loss to the Company but will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Such liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties and other sources, are recorded when the Company assesses that it is probable that a future liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Recoveries of costs from third parties, which the Company assesses as being probable of realization, are recorded to the extent of related contingent liabilities accrued. Legal costs incurred in connection with matters relating to contingencies are expensed in the period incurred. The Company records gain contingencies when realized. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during any of the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, stockholders equity, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. We re-evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results may differ from these estimates and could differ based upon other assumptions or conditions. The critical accounting policies that reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements include those noted below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenues by providing professional services in software development and consulting services to companies across the globe. 
 We determine revenue recognition through the following steps in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606: 
 identification of the contract, or contracts, with a client; 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 
 determination of the transaction price; 
 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
 recognition of revenues when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 Revenue is recognized when control of services is passed to a client in an amount of revenue that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. Such control may be transferred over time or at a point in time, depending on satisfaction of obligations stipulated by the contract. We record sales and other taxes collected from clients and remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis. 
 We generate revenues from a variety of professional service arrangements. Fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials and fixed price. We also report gross reimbursable expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Revenues are measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a client, which may consist of both fixed and variable components, and the consideration expected to be received is allocated to each separately identifiable performance obligation based on the performance obligation s relative stand-alone selling price. The standalone selling prices are generally determined based on the prices at which we separately sell the services. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We grant equity incentive awards to certain employees and directors. These compensation arrangements are settled in equity, or in certain cases at our discretion, in cash, at a predetermined price. The equity incentive awards generally vest over a period of one to four years and, in certain cases, vest in full on a liquidity event involving the Company. The options have a contractual term of 10 years from the grant date. We measure share-based awards at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and we recognize such fair value a s compensation expense over the vesting period using the straight-line amortization method (or, in the case of performance stock units, using the accelerated amortization method). 
 Performance Vesting and Time Vesting Options 
 Through September 17, 2021 (the "IPO Closing Date"), we estimated grant date fair value for stock option awards using a hybrid of the Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method PWERM and the Option-Pricing Model OPM that used assumptions including expected volatility, expected term, and the expected risk-free rate of return. Prior to the completion of our IPO, we relied, in part, on valuation reports prepared by unrelated third-party valuation firms to assist us in valuing our share-based awards. 
 On September 9, 2021, the Board, through unanimous written consent, approved a modification to the Company's 2017 Stock Option Plan (the "2017 Plan") which, upon completion of the IPO, a sponsor return of 2.8x times sponsor investment was achieved, and the service condition under the Plan that participants must provide at least 18 months of continuous service following the grant date in order for performance vesting options to vest was waived. Additionally, the Board also approved accelerated vesting of all remaining, unvested former Class C performance vesting options, after the achievement of such sponsor return, which resulted in all performance vesting options becoming fully vested upon pricing of the IPO. Unless otherwise prohibited by law in local jurisdictions, time vesting options will continue to vest according to the Plan. No stock option awards were granted during the third or fourth quarters of 2021 or during 2022. For more information regarding the stock option awards, see Note 10, Stock-Based Compensation, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs 
 In September 2021, the Board approved the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Plan ). Under the Omnibus Plan, RSUs are awarded to eligible employees as well as directors and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock at the end of a vesting period. The fair value of the RSUs is determined based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 All RSUs granted in connection with the IPO, including the RSUs granted in connection with the SARs conversion, included a lock-up period of 6 months, ending March 17, 2022, before the participants could redeem the shares. Throughout the vesting period and the lock-up period, shareholders are subject to the market risk on the value of their shares. 
 Performance Stock Units PSUs 
 
 In April 2022, the Board approved the grant of PSUs to certain executives and employees under the Omnibus Plan, which consisted of PSUs with non-market-based performance and time-based vesting conditions and PSUs with market-based performance and time-based vesting conditions. The PSUs subject to non-market-based performance and time-based vesting conditions are earned based on our achievement of specified adjusted EBITDA targets (the EBITDA PSUs ). The PSUs subject to market-based performance and time-based vesting conditions are earned based on our achievement of specified relative total shareholder return ("rTSR") targets (the rTSR PSUs ). Both types of PSUs vest over a three-year service period, subject to the participant s continued employment with us or our affiliate, as applicable. 
 
 The fair value of the EBITDA PSUs is determined using the closing stock price on the grant date. For the EBITDA PSUs, the compensation expense is recognized based upon the achievement percentage of the performance target and amortized over the service period of the award. The fair value for the rTSR PSUs is determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation, which is amortized in full over the service period. For the rTSR PSUs, the compensation expense is not adjusted for the achievement percentage of the performance target. Compensation expense for both types of PSUs is recognized using the accelerated amortization method. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting which requires us to allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The fair value of the net assets acquired for the business is determined utilizing expectations and assumptions we believe reasonable, which include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, expected growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk of future cash flows and the useful lives for finite-lived assets. Intangible assets other than goodwill are comprised of finite-lived intangibles and indefinite-lived intangibles. At initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized at their fair value as of the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, finite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment losses, if any, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, which was determined based on management s estimate of the period over which the asset will contribute to our future cash flows. 
 The excess of the purchase consideration transferred over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. As additional information is obtained about the assets and liabilities of the acquisition during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with an offset to goodwill. After the measurement period, any adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. We review goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. In conducting our annual goodwill impairment test, we first review qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If factors indicate that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative impairment assessment of the asset, analyzing the expected present value of future cash flows to quantify the amount of impairment, if any. We perform our annual impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. We assess the impairment of intangible assets whenever events or changing circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 Some business combinations may include a contingent consideration agreement. We determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liability using a Monte Carlo Simulatio n, which involves a simulation of future revenues and earnings during the earn-out period using management's best estimates. The liability is remeasured to fair value at each reporting date with adjustments recorded within other income (exp ense), net in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily result from changes in concentration of credit, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, our international operations are subject to risks related to differing economic conditions, civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, military activities, broad-based sanctions, differing tax structures, and other regulations and restrictions. Refer to Note 1, Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for discussion related to concentration of credit risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are primarily exposed to changes in interest rates with respect to our cost of borrowing under our Credit Agreement. We monitor our cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, taking into account our funding requirements and our expectations for interest rates in the future. In 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the average LIBOR (SOFR effective December 9, 2022 for the Revolver) divided by the base rate applicable to our borrowings would have resulted in a 5.0 million increase in our interest expense, while a hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in the average LIBOR (SOFR effective December 9, 2022 for the Revolver)/base rate would have resulted in a 4.3 million decrease in our interest expense reflecting a LIBOR (SOFR effective December 9, 2022 for the Revolver)/base rate floor under our credit facilities of 0.5 . 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We operate in several countries across the world. Our international sales are primarily denominated in foreign currencies, and any unfavorable movement in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the currencies in which we conduct sales in foreign countries could have an adverse impact on our revenues. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies, which are also subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, our suppliers incur many costs, including labor and supply costs, in other currencies. While we are not currently contractually obligated to pay increased costs due to changes in exchange rates, to the extent that exchange rates move unfavorably for our suppliers, they may seek to pass these additional costs on to us, which could have a material impact on our gross margins. Our operating results and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, we believe that the exposure to foreign currency fluctuation from operating expenses is relatively small at this time as the related costs do not constitute a significant portion of our total expenses. We have generally not entered into derivatives or hedging transactions, as our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates has historically been partially hedged as our foreign currency denominated inflows have covered our foreign currency denominated expenses. However, we may enter into derivative or hedging transactions in the future if our exposure to foreign currency should become more significant. 
 In 2022, our revenues denominated and recorded in currencies other than U.S. dollars amounted to 63 of our total revenues. A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against the principal foreign currencies in which our revenues are measured (namely, the Australian dollar, Brazilian Real, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Chilean Peso, Chinese Yuan, Euro, Indian Rupee and Singapore Dollar) would have caused our revenues to decrease or increase, respectively, by approximately 79.9 million. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index at Item 15(1) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting for stock-based compensation expense in 2022. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 communicating the critical audit matter below providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition for Fixed-Price Contracts Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generates revenue from a variety of professional service arrangements. Fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price revenues. Fixed-price contracts include application development arrangements, where progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. Assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent in the estimates used to measure progress for in-process fixed price contracts could affect the amount and timing of revenues, receivables and deferred revenues at each reporting period. Auditing the Company's revenue for in-process fixed-price contracts was challenging given the significant audit effort including the evaluation of assumptions used to determine the accuracy of total estimated costs upon completion. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s processes to determine the total estimated costs for in-process fixed-price contracts, including management s review of the underlying calculation performed to recognize revenue for such in-process fixed-price contracts and the look-back analysis performed subsequent to period-end to evaluate any changes in the total estimated costs. To test the Company s accounting for the in-process fixed-price contract revenue recognized, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the accuracy and completeness of the actual costs incurred through year-end. We tested the look-back analysis performed by the Company subsequent to year-end to evaluate any changes in the total estimated costs. We compared the Company s original or prior period estimate of total contract costs to be incurred to the actual costs incurred for completed contracts to assess the Company s ability to accurately estimate costs. We interviewed operational personnel of the Company to evaluate progress to date and the estimate of remaining costs to be incurred, including the amount of time and cost to complete, for a sample of customer contracts. We also assessed the appropriateness of the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 February 28, 2023 

59 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of (loss) income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index at Item 15(1) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Unbilled receivables Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Intangibles and other assets: Goodwill Trademark Customer relationships, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Long-term debt - current Income taxes payable Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Value-added tax and sales tax payable Accrued expenses Lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Lease liabilities, non-current Long-term debt, less current portion Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Treasury stock, and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating expenses: Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized foreign currency (loss) gain ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other (expense) income ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) earnings per common share: Basic (loss) earnings per common share ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per common share ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Redeemable, Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect from change in accounting principle ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock on exercise of options, net of withholding taxes Issuance of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, net of issuance costs of million 
 Stock-based compensation expense Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs of million 
 Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of million 
 Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock on exercise of options, net of withholding taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock Dividends ) ) ) Tender Offer ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards, net of withholding taxes ) ) Reissuance of treasury shares for equity incentive awards ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cumulative effect related to adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Bad debt expense (recovery) ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized foreign currency exchange loss (gain) ) Non-cash lease expense on right-of-use assets Other operating activities, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) Unbilled receivables ) ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other assets ) ) Lease liabilities ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance costs and underwriting discounts Proceeds from issuance of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Payments of obligations of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) Proceeds from borrowings on long-term debt Proceeds from issuance of common stock on exercise of options, net of employee tax withholding ) Shares and options purchased under tender offer ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) Withholding taxes paid on tender offer ) Withholding taxes paid on dividends previously declared ) Withholding taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing activities: Withholding taxes payable included within accrued expenses Withholding taxes payable included within accrued compensation Option costs receivable included within other current assets Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock Net settlement on exercise of shares Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other current assets Restricted cash included in other non-current assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 

Preparation of Financial Statements and Use of Estimates 
 
 Segments 
 operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker CODM ), in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. 
 While the Company has offerings in multiple modern digital businesses and operates in multiple countries, the Company s business operates in operating segment because most of the Company's service offerings are delivered and supported on a global basis and are deployed in a nearly identical way. The Company s CODM evaluates the Company s financial information, allocates resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Brazil China India All other (1) Total long-lived assets 
 (1) All other foreign geographic locations hold long-lived assets of less than 10 of the Company's consolidated total. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Costs to obtain contracts capitalized Amortization of capitalized costs ) ) Changes due to exchange rates ) Balance at end of period 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Other (Expense) Income 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 to days from the invoice date. Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount net of an allowance for credit loss. The Company analyzes its historical credit loss experience and considers current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts in developing the expected credit loss rates. Interest is not generally accrued on outstanding balances as the balances are considered short-term in nature. 
 69 

Table of Contents ) ) Impact of accounting standard adoption (1) ) Current provision for expected credit losses ) ) ) Write-offs charged against allowance Changes due to exchange rates ) Allowance for credit losses, ending balance ) ) ) 
 (1) The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, in the first quarter of 2022. See Recently Adopted Accounting Standards below for further discussion. 
 Business Combinations 
 Government Assistance 
 The Company recorded million to cost of revenues and million to SG A expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Property and Equipment, net 
 
 years 
 Computer equipment years 
 Software, including internal-use software to years 
 Automobiles years 
 
 Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Internal-Use Software 
 using the straight-line method. 
 Capitalized internal-use software asset depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net book value of internal-use software was million and million, respectively. 
 Goodwill 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 years and are being amortized using the straight-line method. 
 Income Taxes 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Foreign Currency 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Deferred Financing Fees 
 
 The Company recorded interest expense as it relates to deferred financing fees of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 The fair value of the Term Loan was million a nd million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation) on a straight-line amortization basis. Compensation expense for PSUs is recognized over their requisite service period on an accelerated amortization basis, from the date of grant through the last day of the requisite service period. The expense for the EBITDA PSUs is adjusted based on an estimate of awards ultimately expected to vest. The expense for the rTSR PSUs awards will be fully recognized over the service period, regardless if the targets are met. The Company records forfeitures as they occur. The compensation expense is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 At the time of grant, the Company takes into consideration the timing of the equity award and evaluates for conditions that could result in the award being considered spring loaded awards. The Company did not grant equity awards that would be considered spring loaded awards in 2022. 
 Refer to Note 10, Stock-Based Compensation , for more information on equity-based awards. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 million of right-of-use assets ("ROU") and million of lease liabilities. Refer to Note 8, Leases , for further discussion. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which amends the accounting guidance and requires the measurement of all expected losses based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, or a current expected credit loss CECL model. For trade receivables, loans, and other financial instruments, companies are required to use a forward-looking expected loss model rather than the incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses which reflects losses that are probable. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10 which delayed the effective date for the CECL standard. The guidance 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties 
 Revenue generated from the Company's operations outside of the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of trade accounts receivable and unbilled accounts receivable was due from customers located outside the United States. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had net fixed assets of million and million, respectively, outside the United States. 
 Change in Accounting Principle - Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million and an increase to Retained earnings of million. 
 ) Deferred tax liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Retained deficit ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 As Computed Under Accelerated Attribution Method As Computed Under Straight-line Attribution Method Effect of Change Other non-current assets ) Deferred tax liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained deficit ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 As Computed Under Accelerated Attribution Method As Computed Under Straight-line Attribution Method Effect of Change Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Loss from operations ) ) Net realized and unrealized foreign currency loss ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted loss per common share 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Income from operations Net realized and unrealized foreign currency loss ) ) ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic and diluted loss per common share Net loss allocated to common shareholders 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As Computed Under Accelerated Attribution Method As Computed Under Straight-line Attribution Method Effect of Change Selling, general and administrative expenses Income from operations ) Net realized and unrealized foreign currency gain ) Income tax expense ) Net income ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments Comprehensive income ) Net earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Earnings allocated to Preferred Stock Net income allocated to common shareholders 
 77 

Table of Contents ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Bad debt expense Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Unrealized foreign currency exchange loss ) Non-cash lease expense on right-of-use assets Other operating activities, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other assets Lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 As Computed Under Accelerated Attribution Method As Computed Under Straight-line Attribution Method Effect of Change Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Bad debt recovery ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) Unrealized foreign currency exchange loss Other operating activities, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) ) Unbilled receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Bad debt expense Deferred income tax benefit ) Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized foreign currency exchange gains ) ) Other operating activities, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables Unbilled receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Note 2 
 industry verticals. Revenue contract types are differentiated by the type of pricing structure for customer contracts, which is predominantly time-and-materials, but also includes fixed price contracts. 
 Disaggregation of Revenues 
 APAC (2) Europe (3) LATAM Total revenues 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the United States represented , or million; , or million; and , or million, respectively, of the Company s total revenues. Canadian operations were determined to be immaterial given the revenues as a percentage of total North America revenues was less than 10 for each of the years. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 , or million , and , or million , respectively, of the Company's total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the revenues in Australia as a percentage of the Company s total revenues was less than 10 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenues in China as a percentage of the Company s total revenues was less than 10 . For the year ended December 31, 2020, revenues in China were , or million, respectively, of the Company's total revenues. 
 (3) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the United Kingdom represented , or million; , or million; and , or million, respectively, of the Company s total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues in Germany as a percentage of the Company's total revenues was less than 10 . For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, revenues in Germany represented , or million, and , or million, respectively, of the Company s total revenues. 
 Other foreign countries were determined to be immaterial given the revenues as a percentage of the Company s total revenues was less than 10 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Energy, public and health services Retail and consumer Financial services and insurance Automotive, travel and transportation Other Total revenues 
 The following table presents the disaggregation of the Company s revenues by contract type (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Time-and-material Fixed-price Licensing Total revenues 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities included in deferred revenue 
 Contract assets primarily relate to unbilled amounts on fixed-price contracts. Contract assets are recorded when services have been provided but the Company does not have an unconditional right to receive consideration. Professional services performed on or prior to the balance sheet date, but invoiced thereafter, are reflected in unbilled receivables. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of revenues that were included in current liabilities at the prior year end. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company does not have material future performance obligations that extend beyond one year. Accordingly, the Company has applied the optional exemption for contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 
 Note 3 
 million, or million net of cash acquired of million, which is inclusive of a million contingent consideration liability as discussed below and other adjustments. Connected is now wholly owned by the Company. The acquisition will advance the Company's capabilities in solving business problems through product-led design processes, from defining the strategy to discovery and delivery and enhance the Thoughtworks customer experience, product and design service line in North America. 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded a liability of million of contingent consideration, which is included within the total purchase price and classified within accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet. The present value of the contingent consideration liability was determined using a Monte Carlo Simulation that calculated the average present value of the earnout payment. The fair value measurement of the earnout includes a performance metric which is an unobservable Level 3 input. The contingent consideration is payable in cash dependent upon achievement of the performance metric. The liability is remeasured to fair value at each reporting date with adjustments recorded within other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. The final payout amount of million was determined as of December 31, 2022 and is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Additions in the period Change in fair value Change due to exchange rates ) Balance at end of period 
 The Company accounted for the acquisition under ASC 805, Business Combinations . The goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition reflects the benefits expected to be derived from certain operational synergies. The fair value of the net assets acquired for the business was determined using Level 3 inputs, for which little or no market data exists, requiring the Company to develop assumptions regarding future cash flow projections. The results of operations of the acquired business have been included in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income from the acquisition date. Pro forma results of operations for the acquisition are not presented because the pro forma effects were not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations. 
 Aggregate acquisition-related costs related to Connected of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 were included within SG A expenses in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Trade receivables, net of allowance Unbilled receivables Customer relationships, net Goodwill Accrued compensation ) Accrued expenses ) Other assets/liabilities, net ) Total gross purchase price Cash consideration paid Fair value of contingent consideration Total gross purchase price 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The changes in fair value allocated to goodwill, tangible and intangible assets are not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Note 4 
 Additions due to acquisitions Changes due to exchange rates ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Additions due to acquisitions Changes due to exchange rates ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Less accumulated amortization ) ) Customer relationships, net Trademark Total other intangible assets, after amortization Changes due to exchange rates ) ) Other intangible assets, net 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to these intangible assets was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Note 5) ) Foreign ) Total ) 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax expense 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 million tax expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to tax expense of million and million recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 On February 25, 2022, the Company granted million RSUs that were contingent upon the successful and active registration with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China ("China SAFE RSUs"). As tax deductibility is contingent upon reimbursement and local regulations do not specifically allow for recharge payments, the Company recorded a million tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 On June 10, 2021, the United Kingdom enacted legislation increasing its corporate income tax rate from 19 to 25 beginning April 1, 2023. As a change in tax law is accounted for in the period of enactment, the Company recorded a ) million tax benefit and million tax expense on the remeasurement of the Company s United Kingdom net deferred tax liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act, among other things, permits U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryovers and carrybacks to offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. Further, the CARES Act permits modifications to the limitation of business interest Section 163(j) for tax years beginning in 2019 and 2020. The modifications to Section 163(j) increase the allowable business interest deduction from 30 of adjusted taxable income to 50 of adjusted taxable income. In 2020, the Company completed its analysis to determine the effect of the CARES Act and recorded a million tax benefit as of December 31, 2020 from the carryback of 2018 U.S. federal net operating losses to the 2014 taxable year. The Company recorded the refund as an income tax receivable, of which million was received in 2022. 
 Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation) Increase/(decrease) in taxes resulting from: Non deductible expenses Research and development and foreign tax credits ) ) ) Effect of foreign taxes and foreign exchange rates GILTI and related international adjustments 162(m) limitation on executive compensation Stock compensation excess tax benefits ) ) China non-deductible stock compensation expense US state income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Change in deferred tax valuation allowance CARES Act US federal net operating loss carryback benefit ) U.K. rate change ) Adjustments of prior year estimates and other ) ) ) Adjustments associated with income tax uncertainties Total income tax expense 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill Net operating loss carryforwards Research and development and foreign tax credit carryforwards Allowance for doubtful accounts Fixed assets Stock-based compensation Business interest Other assets Total deferred tax assets Total valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Deferred tax liabilities: Unremitted earnings of subsidiaries and unrealized translation gains ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Deferred revenue ) Customer relationships ) ) Trademark ) ) Internally developed software ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 Management believes that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be realized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company established a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets in select non-US jurisdictions of approximately million and million, respectively. The Company established a valuation allowance of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for a separate company U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward and separate company U.S. federal limitation of business interest. The Company established a valuation allowance of approximately million and million for certain foreign tax credits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. state net operating loss carryforward benefits of million and million, respectively. The majority of U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards have expiration periods that range from to years. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. For material APAC jurisdictions, the net operating loss carryforward period is 5 years, and for all other material jurisdictions, the net operating loss carryforward period is indefinite. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, have been accrued on the foreign withholding taxes due upon repatriation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 a deferred tax asset of million and million, respectively, has been accrued and recorded to other comprehensive income for cumulative foreign currency translation on previously-taxed earnings and profits of the Company s controlled foreign corporations. Additional tax implications of future repatriations were considered and deemed immaterial. 
 For share-based payment awards that are expected to result in a tax deduction, the Company records a deferred tax asset related to the compensation expense that is recognized. In adjusting the compensation expense in the retrospective application of the straight-line method, the Company appropriately adjusted related deferred tax assets. Further, the Company considered whether adjustments to deferred tax assets would require adjustments to valuation allowances and concluded that there were no material valuation allowance adjustments to be recorded. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, which if recognized, would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate. 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Statute of limitations expirations ) Settlements with tax authorities Balance, end of year 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the income tax expense/(benefit) recognized for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits was million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had cumulative liabilities for penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million, million and million, respectively. There were no tax positions for which it was reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the reporting date. 
 The Company files tax returns in the U.S. federal, various U.S. states, and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal or state income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. The Company s India subsidiary is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities in India for years before 2005. For the remaining foreign tax jurisdictions, with few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2017. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 
 Computer equipment Software, including internal-use Leasehold improvements Office furniture and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 7 
 87 

Table of Contents ) Preferred stock dividends ) Earnings allocated to Preferred Stock ) Net (loss) income allocated to common shareholders Basic ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Basic (loss) earnings per common share ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per common share: Net (loss) income allocated to common shareholders Basic ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Dilutive effect of: Employee stock options, RSUs and PSUs (1) Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Diluted (loss) earnings per common share ) ) 
 (1) Reflects the dilutive effects of applying the treasury stock method to all potential common shares. For periods where the Company was in a net loss, the potential common shares were excluded but would have been dilutive if the Company was not in a net loss. 

Note 8 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 million and lease liabilities of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any leases that create significant rights and obligations that have not yet commenced. 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 The following table presents average lease terms and discount rates: 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 ASC 840 Disclosures 
 Prior to the adoption of Topic 842, aggregate future minimum lease payments, net of sublease income, under all operating leases were as follows as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments 
 Total rent expense for all operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 
 
 Note 9 
 shares (pre-stock split) of common stock. 
 Further, in connection with the IPO, the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Common Stock 
 In connection with the IPO, all classes of shares of the Company's common stock then outstanding were converted into shares (pre-stock split) of common stock on a -to-one basis. As a result, the securities of the Company are represented by shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. With respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, all shares of common stock will participate pro rata in such payment whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock authorized and shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 Note 10 
 shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Omnibus Plan. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 The income tax expense/(benefit) recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, ) million and , respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Under the 2017 Plan, eligible employees received non-qualified stock options as a portion of their total compensation. The options vest on a graded time vesting schedule Time Vesting Options over a vesting term of and a contractual term of years, with vesting on the anniversary and vesting every for the remainder of the period. Upon a change of control, of the time-vesting options will vest immediately. Any unvested options will be forfeited upon termination of employment. 
 The Company's 2017 Plan permits imposing lock-up restrictions on participants in connection with the IPO. Pursuant to the 2017 Plan, the Company imposed a lock-up restriction, subject to limited exceptions, on selling, transferring or otherwise disposing of options and shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of options, for a period of following the consummation of the IPO, provided that such restriction will lapse as to of such options and shares after following the consummation of the offering. The lockup period restrictions have ended as of September 17, 2022. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Cancelled Expired Balance at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost related to Time Vesting Options not yet recognized was million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Unless otherwise prohibited by law in local jurisdictions, Time Vesting Options will continue to vest according to the 2017 Plan and the applicable award agreements. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. No options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) 
 (1) The risk-free interest rate is based on the rates of U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity similar to the term to liquidity, continuously compounded. The expected equity volatility is estimated based on an analysis of guideline public companies historical volatility. As these stock options were awarded prior to the IPO, the expected term was estimated based on management s assumptions of time to a liquidity event. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 In September 2021, the Board approved the Omnibus Plan . Under the Omnibus Plan, RSUs are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock at the end of a vesting period. Unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2022 have varying vesting schedules, with the majority of shares vesting evenly over . 
 All RSUs granted as a result of the IPO included a lock-up period of months, ending March 17, 2022, before the participants could redeem the shares. Throughout the vesting period and the lock-up period, shareholders are subject to the market risk on the value of their shares. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) Forfeited ) Vested (2) ) Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Includes million RSUs that were contingent upon the successful and active registration with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of China China SAFE ), which occurred on February 25, 2022. The amount also includes million RSUs granted in relation to the Connected acquisition. 
 (2) Includes million shares that were net settled when released and returned to the share pool for future grants. 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. No RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation cost related to all RSUs not yet recognized was million, of which million is IPO related or associated with one-time grants and considered nonrecurring. The remainder of million is primarily related to the annual grant and considered recurring. The total unamortized expense is anticipated to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years . 
 Performance Stock Units 
 In April 2022, the Board of Directors approved the grant of PSUs to certain executives and employees under the Omnibus Plan. Awards with a performance and time-based vesting as well as awards with market-based performance vesting components were granted. The performance and time-based PSUs, or non-market-based PSUs, are subject to the Company s achievement of specified profit targets. The market-based awards are tied to the Company's performance against relative total shareholder return ("rTSR") targets. Both types of PSUs vest at the end of a service period. 
 Granted (1) Adjustment for PSUs expected to vest as of current period end ) Forfeited Vested Unvested balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Reflects shares granted at 100 . 
 For compensation expense purposes, the fair value of the non-market-based PSUs was determined using the closing stock price on the grant date, and the fair value for the market-based PSUs was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, total compensation co st related to PSUs not yet recognized was million. The unamortized expense is anticipated to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11 
 million , million and million, respectively. The Company also maintains similar defined contribution plans in the United Kingdom, Canada, Spain, Italy, Singapore, and Thailand. Total employer contributions under these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million , million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 12 
 million. Also, as part of the facility, the aggregate revolving credit facility was increased to million from million. 
 On December 9, 2022, the Company amended and restated its credit agreement (the Second Amendment and Restatement to (i) increase the amount of revolving credit commitments from million to million and (ii) transition the reference rate for the revolving borrowings under the Credit Agreement from LIBOR to SOFR and amend the applicable margins as specified therein. 
 Borrowings under the Term Loan bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin based on the Company s leverage ratio, plus either (a) a base rate or (b) a LIBOR rate, at the Company's option, subject to interest rate floors. For the first full quarter after the Amendment and Restatement date, the interest rate per annum is equal to (a) for LIBOR based borrowings and (b) for base rate borrowings, subject to interest rate floors. The interest rate reduced by upon the completion of the IPO for both LIBOR and base rate borrowings. The interest rate was further reduced by upon the change in corporate family rating in November 2022. 
 Borrowings under the Revolver bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin based on the Company s leverage ratio, plus either (a) a base rate or (b) the SOFR rate at the Company's option. In addition to paying interest on outstanding borrowings under the Revolver, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Revolver in respect of unutilized commitments thereunder and customary letter of credit fees. 
 All obligations of the Company under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities provided by any lender party to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or any of its affiliates and certain other persons are unconditionally guaranteed by a wholly owned subsidiary of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc., and each existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiary of the Company, with customary exceptions including, among other things, where providing such guarantees is not permitted by law, regulation or contract or would result in material adverse tax consequences. All obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities provided by any lender party to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or any of its affiliates and certain other persons, and the guarantees of such obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, as outlined in the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. 
 The Term Loans and borrowings under our Revolver contain a number of financial and non-financial covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the Company s ability and the ability of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to engage in certain activities, such as incur indebtedness or permit to exist any lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired, as specified in the debt facility. 
 The Credit Agreement requires compliance with certain covenants customary for agreements of this type. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million and million related to the restated credit agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The debt issuance costs are recorded as reductions of the outstanding long-term indebtedness. The Term Loan is paid in equal quarterly installments in aggregate annual amounts equal to of the original principal amount of the Term Loan. 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company made a voluntary prepayment of million on outstanding amounts owed on the Term Loan. As a result of the prepayment, the Company wrote off million of deferred financing fees, which is reflected in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility Long-term debt (due March 24, 2028), including current portion (1) Interest rate 
 (1) The balance includes deferred financing fees. A reconciliation of gross to net amounts is presented below. 
 The carrying value of the Company s credit facilities (including current maturities) is as follows (in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Long-term debt, less current portion Capitalized deferred financing fees ) ) Long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Total debt carrying value 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total future principal cash payments 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13 
 Accrued employee expense Accrued travel expense Operating lease expenses Insurance charges Professional fees Withholding taxes payable Other taxes payable Rebates payable Contingent consideration Other accrued expenses Accrued expenses 
 
 Note 14) ) ) Foreign currency translation (loss)/gain ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15 
 Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Basic (loss) earnings per common share ) ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per common share ) ) ) 
 For the Quarter Ended March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Revenues Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share ) ) ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share ) ) ) 
 
 Note 16 
 million on outstanding amounts owed on the Term Loan disclosed in Note 12, Credit Agreements . 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the guidelines set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be filed (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. 

99 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements. Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. The financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are either not applicable or the required information is otherwise included. 
 3. Exhibits. The exhibits included below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Filed Herewith Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit Number 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 001-40812 September 20, 2021 3.1 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 001-40812 September 20, 2021 3.2 4.1 Description of Securities 
 10-K 001-40812 March 8, 2022 4.1 4.2 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 4.1 4.3 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 4.2 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2021 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.1 10.2+ Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-259702 September 21, 2021 10.1 10.3+ Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 333-259702 September 21, 2021 10.2 10.4+ Form of Thoughtworks U.K. Share Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-259702 September 21, 2021 10.3 10.5+ Turing Holding Corp. (n/k/a Thoughtworks Holding, Inc.) 2017 Stock Option Plan 
 S-8 333-259702 September 21, 2021 10.4 10.6+ Form of Stock Option Agreement 
 S-8 333-259702 September 21, 2021 10.5 10.7+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 10-Q 001-40812 November 15, 2021 10.11 10.8+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement 
 10-Q 001-40812 August 15, 2022 10.1 10.9+ Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.5 10.10+ Form of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.11 10.11+ Employment Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2017, by and between Thoughtworks, Inc. and Guo Xiao 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.7 10.12+ Employment Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2017, by and between Thoughtworks, Inc. and Dr. Rebecca Parsons 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.8 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 10.13+ Employment Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2017, by and between Thoughtworks, Ltd and Christopher Murphy 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.9 10.14+ Letter Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between Thoughtworks, Inc. and Christopher Murphy 
 S-1/A 333-258985 August 25, 2021 10.10 10.15 Director Nomination Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2021, by and among the Company and the other signatories party thereto. 
 10-Q 001-40812 November 15, 2021 10.10 10.16 Incremental Amendment, dated as of March 30, 2021, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 X 10.17 Amendment No. 2 and Incremental Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 8-K 001-40812 December 12, 2022 10.1 18.1 Preferability Letter Regarding Change in Accounting Principle dated February 28, 2022 from Ernst Young LLP 
 X 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 X 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature page hereto) 
 X 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X + Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: February 28, 2023 

THOUGHTWORKS HOLDING, INC. By: /s/ Guo Xiao Guo Xiao Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

103 

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Guo Xiao and Erin Cummins, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities as of February 28, 2023 . 
 
 Signature Title /s/ Guo Xiao Chief Executive Officer and Director Guo Xiao (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Erin Cummins Chief Financial Officer Erin Cummins (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Ian Davis Chairman of the Board of Directors Ian Davis /s/ Robert Brennan Director Robert Brennan /s/ Jane Chwick Director Jane Chwick /s/ Rohan Haldea Director Rohan Haldea /s/ Gina Loften Director Gina Loften /s/ Salim Nathoo Director Salim Nathoo /s/ William Parrett Director William Parrett /s/ Roxanne Taylor Director Roxanne Taylor 
 104 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 a202210-kxexhibit1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 
 
 Execution Version 

INCREMENTAL AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 INCREMENTAL AMENDMENT, dated as of March 30, 2021 (this Amendment ), to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof), among TURING TOPCO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), TURING MIDCO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Parent Borrower and a Co-Borrower ), TURING ACQUISITION LLC, a Delaware limited liability company AcquisitionCo and a Co-Borrower ), THOUGHTWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company and a Co-Borrower , and together with Parent Borrower and AcquisitionCo, the Borrowers and CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH Credit Suisse ), as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and L C Issuer, and each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender (the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrowers, Holdings, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement unless otherwise defined herein. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Parent Borrower has requested the issuance of Incremental Revolving Commitments (the Incremental Revolving Commitments in the form of a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase pursuant to and on the terms set forth in Section 2.14(a) of the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Additional Lender identified on Schedule 1 hereto has agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Credit Agreement, to provide a Revolving Credit Commitment Increase in the amount set forth opposite the Additional Lender s name on Schedule 1 hereto (and the total amount of Revolving Credit Commitment Increase made pursuant to this Amendment shall be 7,000,000) 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement, only the consent of the Administrative Agent and each L C Issuer(in addition to the Borrowers) is required to enter into this Amendment 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Incremental Amendment Incremental Revolving Commitments 
 Section 1.1. (a) This Amendment is an Incremental Facility Amendment referred to in Section 2.14(d) of the Credit Agreement and is being incurred in reliance on the Unrestricted Incremental Amount. The Borrowers and the Additional Lender hereby agree that, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in Article II hereof, on the Incremental Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase of the Additional Lender shall become effective and the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender shall be as set forth on Schedule 2 hereto (and such Schedule 2 shall supersede Schedule 2.01 to the Credit Agreement with respect to Revolving Credit Commitments). Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article II hereof, the Incremental Facility Closing Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase contemplated by this Amendment shall be the Incremental Amendment Effective Date. 
 (b) Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, the Incremental Revolving Commitments shall have terms that are identical to those of the Revolving Credit Loans and Revolving 

Credit Commitments existing immediately prior to the Incremental Amendment Effective Date, including, without limitation, with respect to the maturity date, weighted average life, interest rate margins, amortization, commitment reductions, prepayments, and, after giving effect to this Amendment, the Incremental Revolving Commitments shall be considered the same Class as the existing Revolving Credit Loans and Revolving Credit Commitments, in each case, in accordance with Section 2.14(c) of the Credit Agreement. The Borrowers shall pay the commitment fees and any other fees or other amounts payable to or for the account of the Additional Lender at the times and in the manner set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II Conditions to Effectiveness 
 Section 1.1. Effective Date . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Incremental Amendment Effective Date on which 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (i) counterparts to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers and, with respect to Section 4.5 , the Subsidiary Guarantors, Holdings, the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer and the Additional Lender 
 (ii) all documentation and other information (x) about the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties party hereto as has been reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Agent and or the Lenders party hereto that they reasonably determine is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the USA PATRIOT Act and (y) with respect to the Borrowers, as required by regulatory authorities under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (c) The representations and warranties in Article 3 of this Amendment shall be true and correct in all material respects. 
 (d) The Parent Borrower shall have paid or caused to be paid to the Additional Lender, for its own account, such upfront fee as is set forth in the Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and the Additional Lender. 
 Section 2.1. Notification . This Amendment constitutes notice to the Administrative Agent as required by Sections 2.14(a) and 2.14(d) of the Credit Agreement. Promptly following the Incremental Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrowers and the Lenders of the Incremental Amendment Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Representation and Warranties 
 
 Section 2.1. The Borrowers hereby represent and warrant as of the Incremental Amendment Effective Date that this Amendment has been, or when executed and delivered will be, duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers. The execution, delivery and performance by each of the Borrowers of this Amendment, and the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, (a) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action and (b) do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of the Borrowers Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or require any payment to be made under (A) any Contractual Obligation exceeding the Threshold Amount to which such Borrower is a party or affecting such Borrower or the properties of such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any material order, injunction, writ or 
 -2- 

decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Borrower or its property is subject, (iii) result in the creation of any Lien (other than under the Loan Documents) or (iv) violate any material Law except (in the case of clauses (b)(ii) and (b)(iv)), to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention, payment or violation could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 2.2. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Amendment, except for (i) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 2.3. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party hereto. This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party hereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity. 
 Section 2.4. Immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Incremental Amendment Effective Date provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language are true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on and as of the Incremental Amendment Effective Date or such earlier date, as the case may be. 
 Section 2.5. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 Section 2.6. At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 ARTICLE IV Miscellaneous 
 Section 2.1. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature to this Amendment may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this Amendment. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Amendment through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 Section 2.2. Applicable Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 -3- 

Section 2.3. Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury . SECTION 10.15 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS. 
 Section 2.4. Headings . The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 Section 2.5. Acknowledgement and Reaffirmation of Guarantors . The Guarantors acknowledge and agree that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge the Guarantors obligations under the Loan Documents. Each Guarantor hereby ratifies and confirms its obligations under the Loan Documents, including the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and including, without limitation, its guarantee of the Obligations (including the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase) and its grant of the security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Collateral Documents) to secure the Obligations (including the Revolving Credit Commitment Increase). 
 Section 2.6. Costs and Expenses . Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of one counsel for the Administrative Agent with respect thereto). 
 Section 2.7. Effect of Amendment . On and after the Incremental Amendment Effective Date, each reference to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document (including to any Exhibit or Schedule attached thereto) shall be deemed to be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. As of the Incremental Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, by means of words like thereunder, thereof and words of like import), shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and this Amendment and the Credit Agreement shall be read together and construed as a single instrument. Each reference to (a) a Lender or Lenders or Revolving Credit Lender or Secured Party or any similar term in the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to include the Additional Lender. Except as expressly set forth in this Amendment, nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle any Loan Party to a consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the Incremental Amendment Effective Date or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. Except as expressly amended hereby or specifically waived above, (i) all of the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents are and shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and (ii) nothing contained herein shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, which obligations shall remain in full force and effect, except in each case as amended, restated, replaced and superseded hereby or by any instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith. Except as provided in Article II of this Amendment, this Amendment shall become effective when it is executed by each Borrower and, with respect to Section 4.5 , the Subsidiary Guarantors, Holdings, the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer and the Additional Lender. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Remainder of this page intentionally left blank 
 
 -4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 TURING TOPCO LLC, as Holdings 
 By s Ramona Mateiu Name Ramona Mateiu Title Secretary 

TURING MIDCO LLC, as the Parent Borrower and a Co-Borrower 
 By s Ramona Mateiu 
 Name Ramona Mateiu 
 Title Secretary 

TURING ACQUISITION LLC, as a Co-Borrower 
 By s Ramona Mateiu 
 Name Ramona Mateiu 
 Title Secretary 

THOUGHTWORKS, INC., as a Co-Borrower 
 By s Ramona Mateiu 
 Name Ramona Mateiu 
 Title Vice President and Secretary 

Signature Page to Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement 

And with respect to Section 4.5 of this Amendment, 
 
 THOUGHTWORKS FEDERAL, LLC 
 GEMINI SOLUTIONS, LLC, each as a Subsidiary Guarantor 
 By s Ramona Mateiu Name Ramona Mateiu 
 Title Vice President and Secretary 

Signature Page to Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement 

Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch as, as Administrative Agent and as L C Issuer 
 By s William O Daly Name William O Daly Title Authorized Signatory 
 By s Andrew Griffin Name Andrew Griffin Title Authorized Signatory 
 Signature Page to Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement 

Lender Signature Pages on File with Registrant 

Schedule 1 
 Revolving Credit Commitment Increase 
 Additional Lender Revolving Credit Commitment Increase Total 7,000,000.00 

Schedule 2 
 Revolving Credit Commitments 
 Lender Revolving Credit Commitments Total 165,000,000.00 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-18.1>
 3
 a202210-kxexhibit181.htm
 EX-18.1

Document 

Exhibit 18.1 
 
 February 28, 2023 

Board of Directors 
 
 Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 200 E Randolph St 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Note 1 of Notes to the consolidated financial statements of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. included in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, describes a change in the method of accounting for recognizing stock-based compensation expense for graded vesting awards with only service conditions from the accelerated attribution method to the straight-line attribution method. There are no authoritative criteria for determining a 'preferable' stock-based compensation expense attribution method based on the particular circumstances however, we conclude that such change in the method of accounting is to an acceptable alternative method which, based on your business judgment to make this change and for the stated reasons, is preferable in your circumstances. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 a202210-kxexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization ThoughtWorks Australia Pty Ltd Australia ThoughtWorks Brasil Software LTDA. Brazil ThoughtWorks Software Technologies (Beijing) Ltd. China ThoughtWorks Software Technologies (Chengdu) Ltd. China ThoughtWorks Software Technologies (Wuhan) Ltd. China ThoughtWorks Software Technologies (Xi an) Ltd. China ThoughtWorks, Inc. Delaware Turing Topco LLC Delaware ThoughtWorks, Ltd. England & Wales ThoughtWorks Deutschland GmbH Germany ThoughtWorks Technologies (India) Private Limited India ThoughtWorks Pte. Ltd. Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a202210-kxexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-259702) pertaining to the Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Turing Holding Corp. (n k a Thoughtworks Holding, Inc.) 2017 Stock Option Plan, of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a202210-kxexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification by Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Guo Xiao, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the 

audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Guo Xiao Guo Xiao Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a202210-kxexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification by Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Erin Cummins, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the 

audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s Erin Cummins Erin Cummins Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a202210-kxexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Guo Xiao, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 i. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 ii. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Guo Xiao Guo Xiao Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a202210-kxexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Erin Cummins, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to her knowledge 
 i. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 ii. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 Date February 28, 2023 

s Erin Cummins Erin Cummins Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 twks-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 twks-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 twks-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 twks-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 twks-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

