<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1760233_0001493152-23-006895.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6438994</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286249</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1084906</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2003618</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1364959</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1525144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006895.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307125141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RDE, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760233
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				452482974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56417
		FILM NUMBER:		23711861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5880 LIVE OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-948-0716

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5880 LIVE OAK PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	uBid Holdings, Inc./New
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Incumaker, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006895.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 ,
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Lakeside Corporate Court 

 5880 Live Oak Parkway, Suite 100 

 Norcross, Georgia 30093 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTC
 Markets Group Inc. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and
directors) as of June 30, 2022 was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. There were
 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 

Item 2. Properties 
 25 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 
 26 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 38 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 38 

PART III 
 39 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 39 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 43 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 
 49 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are plans and predictions based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, our beliefs,
and assumptions. 

We
use words such as may, will, could, should, anticipate, expect, 
 intend, project, plan, believe, seek, assume, and
variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to
predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include those described in the section entitled Risk Factors. You should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that
are difficult to predict. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only as of
the date on which they were made. Over time, our actual results, performance, or achievements may differ from those expressed or implied
by our forward-looking statements, and such difference might be significant and materially adverse to our security holders. Except as
required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. We have identified some of the important factors that could cause future events to differ from our current
expectations and they are described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report under the captions Risk Factors, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in other documents
that we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), all of which you should review carefully. Please consider
our forward-looking statements in light of those risks as you read this Annual Report. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, and the Company refer to RDE,
Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

RDE,
Inc. owns and operates Restaurant.com. Restaurant.com is a pioneer in the restaurant deal space and the nation s largest restaurant-focused
digital deals brand. Founded in 1999, we connect digital consumers, businesses, and communities offering over 200,000 dining and merchant
deal options nationwide at over 182,500 restaurants and retailers to over 7.8 million customers. Our 12,500 core restaurants and 170,000
Dining Discount Pass restaurants and retailers extend nationwide. Our top three B2C markets are New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles. 

We
earn revenue from transactions in which we sell discount certificates for restaurants and complementary entertainment and travel offerings
and consumer products on behalf of third-party merchants. Those complementary offerings and products transactions generally involve a
customer s purchase of a voucher through one of our websites that can be redeemed with a third-party merchant for services or goods
(or for discounts on services and goods). Revenue from those transactions is reported on a net basis and equals the purchase price received
from the customer for the voucher less an agreed upon portion of the purchase price paid to the merchant. Revenue also includes direct
sales of our restaurant discount certificates on our website and is the purchase price received from the customer. We also earn revenue
when online partners drive customers to our websites to purchase our discount certificates and complementary offerings and products,
where the revenue equals the purchase price less an agreed upon portion paid to the partners. 

Approximately
9-13 days each month we email our customers offers for restaurant discounts experiences and products based on location and personal preferences.
Consumers also access our deals directly through our websites and mobile applications. A typical restaurant discount deal might offer
a 25 discount that can be used toward a 50 purchase at a participating restaurant. Additional deals include discounted pricing at theatres,
movies or other merchants. Customers purchase deals from us and redeem them with our merchant partners. 

Through
our websites, www.restaurant.com, www.specials.restaurant.com, and mobile iOS and Android apps, we provide an affordable dining and entertainment
experiences. In addition to purchasing restaurant and discount certificates, entertainment and travel deals and consumer products as
well as company gift card redemption, our website and mobile platform provide additional information to assist the customer and encourage
return visits to our websites, including restaurant menus, entree pricing, mapping and directions, and extensive filtering options, including
most popular cuisine type and Deals Near Me for nearby restaurants. Paperless restaurant certificate redemption and validation
can also occur on our mobile platforms. In the past year, there were an average of 1.3 million unique visitors per month to our digital
platforms including our mobile and Specials offerings. Since the launch of our mobile apps in 2012, mobile has grown from zero to 49 
of our B2C revenue and over 60 of the B2C orders with over 6.0 million downloads of our apps for the year months ending December 31,
2022. 

Restaurant.com s
B2B sales program has grown significantly since its introduction in 2004 and now comprises 40 of our revenue. Our high-value, low-cost
features enable businesses to use Restaurant.com certificates to entice new and existing customers to increase sales, promote customer
satisfaction and incent desired behavior. The availability of use in every market, features like never expire and online
exchange, and use by every customer demographic to fit every business s customer base are features which we believe provide almost
unlimited market potential for Restaurant.com s B2B division. 

Recent
Mergers and Acquisitions 

Effective
February 28, 2022, we closed the acquisition of GameIQ, Inc., a developer of consumer gamification technologies for retail
businesses. Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), we agreed to issue 600,000
restricted shares of our common stock and issued promissory notes to Balazs Wellisch, President and co-founder, and Quentin
Blackford, Director, of GameIQ, in the principal amounts of 78,813 and 62,101, respectively, bearing interest at 1 per annum, to
repay loans by Mr. Wellisch and Mr. Blackford to GameIQ. Each note requires repayment in six equal biannual instalments, with the
first instalment due on the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date as that term is defined in the Acquisition Agreement. Following the merger, Balazs Wellisch became the Chief Technology Officer of Restaurant.com, a subsidiary of
ours. 

1 

Our
Business 

We
have three principal divisions, the B2C, the B2B and all other services and products division. 

Business
to Customer Division 

Our
B2C division accounted for 45 of gross revenue in our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. To our database of 7.8 million customers,
we sell: 

Discounted certificates for 12,500 restaurants. The certificates range from 5 to 100 and never expire. 

Discount Dining Passes, which provide discounts at 170,000 restaurants and other retailers. These passes provide multiple uses for six
months. 

Specials by Restaurant.com which bundle Restaurant.com certificates with a variety of other entertainment options, including
theatre, movies, wine and travel. Customers have favored these bundled offering Specials ), generating significantly greater
revenue per customer when compared to purchasing our other products. The average order value for these Specials sales is nearly five
times a certificate purchase. Specials generated over 5 of our past year s B2C revenue from 60 of the B2C orders for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021. We believe that our relationships with small businesses presents a significant revenue opportunity through
such cross-promotions. 

Business
to Business Division 

Our
B2B division accounted for 55 of our gross revenue in our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We sell certificates and Discount Dining
Passes to corporations and marketers, which use them to: 

generate new customers; 

increase sales at the point of sale; 

reward points/customer loyalty; 

convert to paperless billing and auto-bill payment. 

motivate specific customer behavior such as free home repair estimates and test drives for auto dealers; 

renew subscriptions and memberships; and 

address customer service issues. 

Other
Business 

We
also generate revenue through third-party offers and display ad revenue. This comprises a de minimis portion of our gross revenue. 

Attractive
Customer Demographics 

We
intend to grow and leverage our customer database of 7.8 million which we believe is of value to merchants for a variety of services
and products. 

2 

Marketing 

We
primarily use marketing to acquire and retain high-quality merchants and customers and promote awareness of our marketplaces. In
2022, we spent approximately 486,000 on advertising and marketing efforts to increase our visibility and establish stronger
relationships with our customers, merchants and partners. 

We
use a variety of marketing channels to make customers aware of the offerings, including search engines, email and affiliate partnerships
and social media. 

Search
engines. Customers can access our offerings indirectly through third-party search engines. We use search engine optimization and
search engine marketing to increase the visibility of our offerings in web search results. 

Email.
 We communicate offerings through email to our customers based on their locations and personal preferences. A customer who interacts
with an email is directed to our website and mobile applications to learn more about the deal and to make a purchase. 

Social.
 We publish offerings through various social networks and adapt our marketing to the particular format of each of these social networking
platforms. Our website and mobile applications enable consumers to share our offerings with their personal social networks. We also promote
our offerings using display advertising on websites. 

Offline.
 We use offline marketing such as print to help build awareness of brand. 

Distribution 

We
distribute our deals directly through several platforms: email, our websites, our mobile applications and social networks. We also utilize
various affiliate partnerships to display and promote our deals on their websites, such as with AMAC, Groupon, MemberHub and others. 

We
also use various customer loyalty and reward programs to build brand loyalty, generate traffic to the website and provide business clients
with the opportunity to offer incentives to their customers to receive discounts and Discount Dining Passes. When customers perform qualifying
acts, such as providing a referral to a new subscriber or participating in promotional offers, we grant the customer credits that can
be redeemed for awards such as free or discounted services or goods in the future. 

Email.
The emails for discount certificates for restaurant contain one headline deal with a full description of the deal and a sampling of dining
deals which are available within a customer s market. The emails for Specials by Restaurant.com include featured travel, entertainment
and wine deals in addition to various other product deals. 

Websites.
Visitors are prompted to register as a customer when they first purchase on our websites and thereafter use the website as a portal for
discount certificates for restaurants, complementary entertainment and travel offerings and consumer products. 

Mobile
Applications. Consumers also access our deals through our mobile applications, which are available at no additional cost on the iPhone
and Android, mobile operating systems. We launched our first mobile application in 2012 and our applications have been downloaded over
6.0 million times since then. These applications enable consumers to browse, purchase, manage and redeem deals on their mobile devices. 

Social
Networks. We publish our daily deals through various social networks adapt and our marketing to the particular format of each of these
social networking platforms. Our website and mobile application interfaces enable our consumers to share our offerings to their personal
social networks. 

Operations 

Our
business operations are divided into the following core functions to address the needs of our merchants and customers. 

3 

Marketing.
Our marketing department is responsible for managing the Restaurant.com brand, the B2C discount certificate and Specials offerings, creating
the promotional calendar, all creative assets used in our marketing channels such as the website, email and affiliate partnerships, including
imagery and editorial content, negotiation with affiliate and merchant partners, revenue management, company analytics and B2B marketing
and brand assets. As of December 31, 2022, our Marketing team consisted of three employees. We have an agreement with Commission Junction
for a monthly payment of 1,500 to 3,500 that generates potential leads with companies that earn a commission by promoting our discount
deals on their websites for which they receive between 3 to 15 of the revenue we receive from a customer s purchase of a discount
certificate. 

Customer
Service Representatives. Our customer service representatives can be reached via email 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The customer
service team also works with our information technology team to improve the customer experience on the website and mobile applications
based on customer feedback. As of December 31, 2022, we employed four customer representatives. 

Technology.
We employ technology to improve the experience we offer to customers and merchants, increase the rate at which our customers purchase
and enhance the efficiency of our business operations. A component of our strategy is to continue developing and refining our technology.
We devote a substantial portion of our resources to developing new technologies and features and improving our core technologies. Our
information technology team is focused on the design and development of new features and products, maintenance of our websites and development
and maintenance of our internal operations systems. As of December 31, 2022 our information technology team consisted of five employees. 

Competition 

We
have a substantial number of competing groups buying sites. These competitors offer substantially the same or similar product offerings
as us. Among the companies that focus on the dining and savings category and certain of the subcategories in which we participate are
the following: 

discount (e.g., Groupon.com, Entertainment.com); 

ratings and reviews communities (Zagat.com, TripAdvisor); 

restaurant listings (Yelp, Zomato and OpenTable); 

food content (Food Network, Food.com and Epicurious); 

eCommerce (Groupon, TravelZoo and Woot); and 

takeout and delivery (DoorDash.com, GrubHub.com UberEats.com and Delivery.com). 

We
believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 

breadth of customer base and number of restaurants featured; 

ability to deliver a high volume of relevant deals to consumers; 

ability to produce high purchase rates for deals among customers; 

ability to generate positive return on investment for merchants; and 

strength and recognition of our brand. 

We
believe we compete favorably on several of the factors described above and plan to increase our standing in each of these categories.
As of December 31, 2022, our customer base was 7.8 million and during 2022 we featured deals at over 184,000 restaurants and merchants. 

4 

Although
we believe we compete favorably on the factors described above, we anticipate that larger, more established companies may directly compete
with us as we continue to demonstrate the viability of a local e-commerce business model. Many of our current and potential competitors
have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases
than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to benefit from their existing customer or subscriber base with lower acquisition
costs or to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. These competitors
may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive
pricing policies, which may allow them to build a larger subscriber base or to monetize that subscriber base more effectively than us.
Our competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance
than our products and services. In addition, although we do not believe that merchant payment terms are a principal competitive factor
in our market, they may become such a factor and we may be unable to compete fairly on such terms. 

Regulation 

We
are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the internet, many
of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the United States and abroad, laws relating
to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by
a number of claims. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs, subscriber privacy, data protection, content, copyrights,
distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services and the characteristics
and quality of services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel
and personal privacy apply to the internet as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and do
not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the internet or e-commerce. In addition, it is possible that governments of one
or more countries may seek to censor content available on our websites or may even attempt to completely block access to our websites.
Accordingly, adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially harm our business. 

The
CARD Act, as well as the laws of most states, contain provisions governing product terms and conditions of gift cards, gift certificates,
stored value or pre-paid cards or coupons gift cards ), such as provisions prohibiting or limiting the use of expiration
dates on gift cards or the amount of fees charged in connection with gift cards or requiring specific disclosures on or in connection
with gift cards. Discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes generally are included within the definition of gift cards 
in many of these laws. In addition, certain foreign jurisdictions have laws that govern disclosure and certain product terms and conditions,
including restrictions on expiration dates and fees that may apply to discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes. However, the
CARD Act as well as a number of states and certain foreign jurisdictions also have exemptions from the operation of these provisions
or otherwise modify the application part of a promotion or promotional program. If discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes are
subject to the CARD Act, and are not included in the exemption for promotional programs, it is possible that the purchase value, which
is the amount equal to the price paid for the discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes, or the promotional value, which is the
add-on value of the discount certificate and Discount Pass in excess of the price paid, or both, may not expire before the later of (i)
five years after the date on which the discount certificate or Discount Pass was issued; (ii) their stated expiration date (if any),
unless discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes come within an exemption in the CARD Act for promotional programs; or (iii) a
later date provided by applicable state law. In addition, regardless of whether an exemption for discount certificates and Discount Dining
Passes applies under the CARD Act, in those states that prohibit or otherwise restrict expiration dates on gift cards that are defined
to include discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes and that do not have exemptions that apply to the purchase value or the promotional
value, or both, of discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes, the discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes may be required
to be honored for the full offer value (the total of purchase value and promotional value) until redeemed. Our terms of use and agreements
with our merchants require merchants to continue to honor unredeemed discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes that are past the
stated expiration date of the promotional value of the discount Certificate and Discount Pass to the extent required under the applicable
law. While we are attempting to comply with exemptions for promotional programs available under these laws so that our discount certificates 
and Discount Dining Passes promotional value can expire on the date stated on the certificate and Discount Pass, we continue to
require that merchants with whom we partner honor discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes under the provisions of all laws applicable
to discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes, including laws that prohibit expiration. 

5 

In
addition, some states also include gift cards under their unclaimed and abandoned property laws which require companies to remit to the
government the value of the unredeemed balance on the gift cards after a specified period of time (generally between one and five years)
and impose certain reporting and recordkeeping obligations. We do not remit any amounts relating to unredeemed discount certificates
and Discount Dining Passes based upon our assessment of applicable laws. The analysis of the potential application of the unclaimed and
abandoned property laws to discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes is complex, involving an analysis of constitutional and statutory
provisions and factual issues, including our relationship with customers and merchants and our role as it relates to the issuance and
delivery of our discount certificates and Discount Pass. 

Many
states have passed laws requiring notification to customers when there is a security breach of personal data. There are also a number
of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning data protection.
In addition, data protection laws in Europe and other jurisdictions outside the United States may be more restrictive, and the interpretation
and application of these laws are still uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring
that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for linking to third-party websites that include materials
that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Complying with these various
laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

Various
federal laws, such as the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act, impose certain anti-money laundering requirements on companies that
are financial institutions or that provide financial products and services. For these purposes, financial institutions are broadly defined
to include money services businesses such as money transmitters, check cashers and sellers or issuers of stored value. Examples of anti-money
laundering requirements imposed on financial institutions include customer identification and verification programs, record retention
policies and procedures and transaction reporting. We do not believe that we are a financial institution subject to these laws and regulations
based, in part, on the characteristics of the discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes and our role with respect to the distribution
of the discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes to customers. However, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a division of
the U.S. Treasury Department tasked with implementing the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act, recently proposed amendments to the scope
and requirements for parties involved in stored value or prepaid access, including a proposed expansion of the definition of financial
institution to include sellers or issuers of prepaid access. In the event that this proposal is adopted as proposed, it is possible that
a discount certificate and Discount Pass could be considered a financial product and that we could be a financial institution. Although
we do not believe we are a financial institution or otherwise subject to these laws and regulations, it is possible that the Company
could be considered a financial institution or provider of financial products. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We
control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees
and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. 

In
addition to these contractual arrangements, we also rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade
dress, domain names and patents to protect our intellectual property. We pursue the registration of our copyrights, trademarks, service
marks and domain names in the United States and in certain locations outside the United States. Our registration efforts have focused
on gaining protection of the following trademarks (among others): The Company owns the registered marks RESTAURANT.COM, 
 DINING DOUGH, and has submitted applications for several others. These marks are material to our business as they enable
others to easily identify us as the source of the services offered under these marks and are essential to our brand identity. 

Circumstances
outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection
may not be available in the United States. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or
effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting
our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could
make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 

6 

Companies
on the internet, social media technology and other industries may own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks and may frequently
request license agreements, threaten litigation or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual
property rights. We are currently subject to, and expect to face in the future, allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights,
patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing
competition and as our business grows, we will likely face more claims of infringement. 

Customer
Service and Support 

Our
ability to establish and maintain long term relationships with our customers and encourage repeat visits and purchases is dependent,
in part, on the strength of our customer support and service operations. We have established multiple channels for communicating with
our customers before and after the sale, including phone, e-mail and online support. 

We
currently employ a staff of in-house customer support personnel responsible for handling customer inquiries, tracking shipments, investigating
and resolving problems with merchandise and travel. Customer care representatives are available for support from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
Central Time, Monday through Friday. In addition, our customer service representatives are trained to cross-sell complementary and ancillary
products and services. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 27 full time employees. None of our employees or personnel is represented by a labor union, and we consider
our employee/personnel relations to be good. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software
development and other technical staff. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract, hire and retain
qualified personnel. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

We
are and we will remain an emerging growth company as defined under The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS
Act ), until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed
 1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial
public offering, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt securities, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer (with at least 700 million in public
float) under the Exchange Act. 

As
an emerging growth company , we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise
applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 

only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly
reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis disclosure; 

reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

no requirement that we hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; and 

exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
have taken advantage of some of these reduced burdens, and thus the information we provide stockholders may be different from what you
might receive from other public companies in which you hold shares. 

7 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards is irrevocable. We are choosing to take advantage of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will not
comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
growth companies. = 

Notwithstanding
the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than
 75 million and annual revenues of less than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still
considered a smaller reporting company , at such time as we cease being an emerging growth company , the disclosure
we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either
an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company . Specifically, similar to emerging growth
companies , smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their
filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX requiring that independent registered
public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain
other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years
of audited financial statements in annual reports. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Company and Our Business 

We
have a history of annual net losses which may continue and which may negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives,
and we received a going concern qualification in our 2022 and 2021 audits. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used net cash of 1,053,571 to fund our operations and realized an operating loss of 2,286,846.
At December 31, 2022, we had stockholders deficiency of 3,049,107. Our accumulated deficit was 61,569,759 through December 31,
2022. Our debt service obligation is 3,323 per month for outstanding loans. For the next 12 months we will need approximately 600,000
to finance our operations and service our debt obligations. Our independent registered public accounting firm, in their report to our
December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements, expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to
our recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from operations, net capital deficiency and inability to service debt as it
becomes due. As of December 31, 2022, 37,137 of convertible notes payable, including interest, are past due. There can be no assurance
that our future operations will result in net income. Our failure to increase our revenues or improve our gross margins will harm our
business. We may not be able to generate profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly
than we anticipate, our gross margins fail to improve or our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our operating results will suffer. 

We
do not have access to any credit facility or other arrangement for borrowing funds. 

We
currently do not have access to a credit facility or to the proceeds of any mortgage indebtedness or other secured or unsecured indebtedness
for borrowed money. We may be unable to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all. Our lack of any credit facility or other ready
access to borrowed funds could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund additional losses in the near future, or to respond
to unexpected cash requirements or other liquidity issues that we may face from time to time. Our inability to generate sufficient cash
flow from operations or obtain financing on acceptable terms would have a material adverse effect on our financial results, business
and prospects. 

If
our restaurants and other merchants do not meet the needs and expectations of our customers, our business could suffer. 

Our
business depends on our reputation for providing high-quality discounts, and our brand and reputation may be harmed by actions taken
by restaurants and other merchants that are outside our control. Any shortcomings of one or more of our restaurants and other merchants,
particularly with respect to an issue affecting the quality of the meals offered or the products or services sold, may be attributed
by our customers to us, thus damaging our reputation, brand value and potentially affecting our results of operations. In addition, negative
publicity and subscriber sentiment generated as a result of fraudulent or deceptive conduct by our restaurants and other merchants could
damage our reputation, reduce our ability to attract new customers or retain our current customers, and diminish the value of our brand. 

8 

We
may be subject to additional unexpected regulation which could increase our costs or otherwise harm our business. 

An
essential part of our success depends on restaurants remaining in business and customers wanting to dine at those restaurants. In light
of the COVID-19 outbreak, restaurants in many states have had to close temporarily and even when allowed to reopen may be subject to
restrictions on indoor as well as outdoor dining, the number of patrons who can be seated at one time to ensure social distancing as
well as the requirement to wear masks which some diners may not want to do. Many prospective diners also may not want to dine out at
any restaurant in light of concerns about the risk of infection from the COVID-19 virus even if allowed under current state guidelines
to do so. As a result of the uncertainty about the length of time until a vaccine would be available to the U.S. population as a whole,
we expect the COVID-19 outbreak to negatively impact sales in fiscal years 2023 and our overall liquidity. 

In
addition, the application of certain laws and regulations to our discount certificates and dining cards is uncertain. These include laws
and regulations such as the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, or the CARD Act, and unclaimed and
abandoned property laws. The application of the CARD Act will only become less uncertain if current legislation at the federal and state
levels is changed to specify that their terms apply to our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes or from court rulings by
federal or state courts that interpret the current legislation to be clearly applicable to our discount program. 

From
time to time, we also may be notified of additional laws and regulations which governmental organizations or others may claim should
be applicable to our business. If we are required to alter our business practices as a result of any laws and regulations, our revenue
could decrease, our costs could increase and our business could otherwise be harmed. Further, the costs and expenses associated with
defending any actions related to such additional laws and regulations and any payments of related penalties, judgments or settlements
could adversely impact our profitability. 

The
implementation of the CARD Act and similar state laws may harm our business and results of operations. 

Our
discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes may be considered gift cards, gift certificates, stored value cards or prepaid cards
and therefore governed by, among other laws, the CARD Act, and state laws governing gift cards, stored value cards and coupons. Many
of these laws contain provisions governing the use of gift cards, gift certificates, stored value cards or prepaid cards, including specific
disclosure requirements and prohibitions or limitations on the use of expiration dates and the imposition of certain fees. For example,
if our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes are subject to the CARD Act and are not included in the exemption for promotional
programs, it is possible that the purchase value, which is the amount equal to the price paid for our certificates and Discount Dining
Passes, or the promotional value, which is the add-on value of these items in excess of the price paid, or both, may not expire before
the later of (i) five years after the date on which these items were issued; (i) the certificate s stated expiration date (if any);
or (iii) a later date provided by applicable state law. In the event that it is determined that our discount certificates and Discount
Dining Passes are subject to the CARD Act or any similar state regulation, and are not within various exemptions that may be available
under the CARD Act or under some of the various state jurisdictions, our liabilities with respect to unredeemed certificates and Discount
Dining Passes may be materially higher than the amounts shown in our financial statements and we may be subject to additional fines and
penalties. In addition, if federal or state laws require that the face value of our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes
have a minimum expiration period beyond the period desired by a merchant for its promotional program, or no expiration period, this may
affect the willingness of merchants to issue discount certificates in jurisdictions where these laws apply. If we are required to materially
increase the estimated liability recorded in our financial statements with respect to unredeemed discount certificates and Discount Dining
Passes, our net income could be materially and adversely affected. 

9 

If
we are required to materially increase the estimated liability recorded in our financial statements with respect to unredeemed discounts
and Discount Dining Passes, our net income could be materially and adversely affected. 

In
certain states, our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes may be considered a gift card. Some of these states include gift
cards under their unclaimed and abandoned property laws which require companies to remit to the government the value of the unredeemed
balance on the gift cards after a specified period of time (generally between one and five years) and impose certain reporting and recordkeeping
obligations. We do not remit any amounts relating to unredeemed discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes based on our assessment
of applicable laws. The analysis of the potential application of the unclaimed and abandoned property laws to discount certificates and
Discount Dining Passes is complex, involving an analysis of constitutional and statutory provisions and factual issues, including our
relationship with customers and merchants and our role as it relates to the issuance and delivery of such certificates and Discount Dining
Passes. In the event that one or more states successfully challenges our position on the application of its unclaimed and abandoned property
laws to discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes, or if the estimates that we use in projecting the likelihood of discount certificates
and Discount Dining Passes being redeemed prove to be inaccurate, our liabilities with respect to unredeemed discount certificates and
Discount Dining Passes may be materially higher than the amounts shown in our financial statements. If we are required to materially
increase the estimated liability recorded in our financial statements with respect to unredeemed gift cards, our net income could be
materially and adversely affected. Moreover, a successful challenge to our position could subject us to penalties or interest on unreported
and unremitted sums, and any such penalties or interest would have a further material adverse impact on our net income. 

Government
regulation of the internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could
substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and e-commerce,
including the California Consumer Protection Act, the General Data Protection Regulation, the CAN-SPAM Act, Digital Millennium Copyright
Act, the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Existing and future regulations
and laws could impede the growth of the internet or other online services. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs,
subscriber privacy, anti-spam, data protection, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer
protection, the provision of online payment services and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear how existing laws
governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the internet as the vast majority
of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the internet
or e-commerce. In addition, it is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on our websites
and applications or may even attempt to completely block access to our websites. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially
harm our business. In particular, in the event that we are restricted, in whole or in part, from operating in one or more countries,
our ability to retain or increase our subscriber base may be adversely affected and we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue
as anticipated. 

Failure
to comply with federal and state privacy laws and regulations, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new privacy laws or regulations,
could adversely affect our business. 

A
variety of federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data. The existing
privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. In addition, various federal,
state and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current or enact new laws regarding privacy matters. For example, recently
there have been Congressional hearings and increased attention to the capture and use of location-based information relating to users
of smartphones and other mobile devices. We have posted privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure
of subscriber data on our websites and applications. Several internet companies have incurred penalties for failing to abide by the representations
made in their privacy policies and practices. In addition, several states have adopted legislation that requires businesses to implement
and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect sensitive personal information and to provide notice to consumers
in the event of a security breach. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related
consent orders, Federal Trade Commission requirements or orders or other federal, state or international privacy or consumer protection-related
laws, regulations or industry self-regulatory principles could result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities
or others or other liabilities, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, a failure or perceived failure to comply with
industry standards or with our own privacy policies and practices could result in a loss of customers or merchants and adversely affect
our business. Federal, state and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the
use of third-party web cookies for behavioral advertising. The regulation of these cookies and other current online advertising
practices could adversely affect our business. 

10 

We
may suffer liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet and claims related to our service offerings. 

We
may be sued for defamation, civil rights infringement, negligence, patent, copyright or trademark infringement, invasion of privacy,
personal injury, product liability, breach of contract, unfair competition, discrimination, antitrust or other legal claims relating
to information that is published or made available on our websites or service offerings we make available (including provision of an
application programming interface platform for third parties to access our website, mobile device services and geolocation applications).
This risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions outside the United States, where our liability for such third-party actions may be less
clear and we may be less protected. In addition, we could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims, even if
we ultimately are not found liable. If any of these events occurs, our net income could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our websites and applications, including consumer data, content
that is produced by our editorial staff and errors or omissions related to our product offerings. Such information, whether accurate
or inaccurate, may result in our being sued by our merchants, customers or third parties and as a result our revenue and goodwill could
be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
business depends on our ability to maintain and scale the network infrastructure necessary to operate our websites and applications,
and any significant disruption in service on our websites or applications could result in a loss of customers or merchants. 

Customers
access our deals through our websites and applications. Our reputation and ability to acquire, retain and serve our customers and merchants
who are dependent upon the reliable performance of our websites and applications and the underlying network infrastructure. As our subscriber
base and the amount of information shared on our websites and applications continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of network
capacity and computing power. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts of money on data centers and equipment
and related network infrastructure to handle the traffic on our websites and applications. The operation of these systems is expensive
and complex and could result in operational failures. In the event that our customer base or the amount of traffic on our websites and
applications grows more quickly than anticipated, we may be required to incur significant additional costs. Interruptions in these systems,
whether due to system failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the security or availability of our
websites and applications, and prevent our customers from accessing our services. A substantial portion of our network infrastructure
is hosted by third-party providers. Any disruption in these services or any failure of these providers to handle existing or increased
traffic could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business,
and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. If
we do not maintain or expand our network infrastructure successfully or if we experience operational failures, we could lose current
and potential customers and merchants, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Our
business depends on the development and maintenance of the internet infrastructure. 

The
success of our services will depend largely on the development and maintenance of the internet infrastructure. This includes maintenance
of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security, as well as timely development of complementary products,
for providing reliable internet access and services. The internet has experienced, and is likely to continue to experience, significant
growth in the number of users and amount of traffic. The internet infrastructure may be unable to support such demands. In addition,
increasing numbers of users, increasing bandwidth requirements or problems caused by viruses, worms, malware and similar programs may
harm the performance of the internet. The backbone computers of the internet have been the targets of such programs. The internet has
experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages
and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage generally as well as the level of usage of
our services, which could adversely impact our business. 

11 

Our
total number of customers may be higher than the number of our actual individual customers and may not be representative of the number
of persons who are active potential customers. 

Our
total number of customers may be higher than the number of our actual individual customers because some customers have multiple registrations,
other customers have died or become incapacitated and others may have registered under fictitious names. Given the challenges inherent
in identifying these customers, we do not have a reliable system to accurately identify the number of actual individual customers, and
thus we rely on the number of total customers as our measure of the size of our subscriber base. In addition, the number of customers
includes the total number of individuals that have completed registration through a specific date, less individuals who have unsubscribed,
and should not be considered as representative of the number of persons who continue to actively consider our deals by reviewing our
email offers. 

Our
business may be subject to seasonal sales fluctuations which could result in volatility or have an adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock. 

Our
business, like that of our restaurants and merchants, may be subject to some degree of sales seasonality. As the growth of our business
stabilizes, these seasonal fluctuations may become more evident. Seasonality may cause our working capital cash flow requirements to
vary from quarter to quarter depending on the variability in the volume and timing of sales. These factors, among other things, make
forecasting more difficult and may adversely affect our ability to manage working capital and to predict financial results accurately,
which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
depend on the continued growth of online commerce. 

The
business of selling services and goods over the internet, including through discount certificates, raises concerns about fraud, privacy
and other problems may discourage additional restaurants, consumers and merchants from adopting the internet as a medium of commerce
and make the level of market penetration of our services high, making the acquisition of new customers for our services more difficult
and costly than it has been in the past. If these customers prove to be less active than our earlier customers, or we are unable to gain
efficiencies in our operating costs, including our cost of acquiring new customers, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Our
business is subject to interruptions, delays or failures resulting from earthquakes, other natural catastrophic events or terrorism. 

Our
services, operations and the data centers from which we provide our services are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes,
fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins and similar events.
A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Acts of
terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet, our business or the economy as a whole. We may not have sufficient protection 18 or
recovery plans in certain circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting areas where data centers upon which we rely are located,
and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. Such disruptions could negatively
impact our ability to run our websites, which could harm our business. 

Failure
to deal effectively with fraudulent transactions and subscriber disputes would increase our loss rate and harm our business. 

Our
discount certificates and Dining Passes are issued in the form of redeemable coupons with unique identifiers. It is possible that consumers
or other third parties will seek to create counterfeit certificates to fraudulently purchase discounted goods and services from our restaurants
and other merchants. While we use advanced anti-fraud technologies, it is possible that technically knowledgeable criminals will attempt
to circumvent our anti-fraud systems using increasingly sophisticated methods. In addition, our service could be subject to employee
fraud or other internal security breaches, and we may be required to reimburse consumers and/or merchants for any funds stolen or revenue
lost as a result of such breaches. Our restaurants and merchants could also request reimbursement, or stop using us, if they are affected
by buyer fraud or other types of fraud. 

12 

We
may incur significant losses from fraud and counterfeit certificates. We may incur losses from claims that the consumer did not authorize
the purchase, from merchant fraud, from erroneous transmissions, and from consumers who have closed bank accounts or have insufficient
funds in them to satisfy payments. In addition to the direct costs of such losses, if they are related to credit card transactions and
become excessive, they could potentially result in our losing the right to accept credit cards for payment. If we were unable to accept
credit cards for payment, we would suffer substantial reductions in revenue, which would cause our business to suffer. While we have
taken measures to detect and reduce the risk of fraud, these measures need to be continually improved and may not be effective against
new and continually evolving forms of fraud or in connection with new product offerings. If these measures do not succeed, our business
will suffer. 

We
are subject to payments-related risks. 

We
accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card and electronic payment services. As we offer new payment
options to consumers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and fraud. For certain payment methods, including
credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability.
We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards and debit cards and it could
disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to payment card
association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted
to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines
and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from consumers or facilitate other types of
online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to money laundering, international money
transfers, privacy and information security and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or
regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties or forced to cease our payments services business. 

Federal
laws and regulations, such as the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act and similar foreign laws, could be expanded to include discount
certificates and Discount Dining Passes. 

Various
federal laws, such as the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act and foreign laws and regulations, such as the European Directive on
the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing, impose certain anti-money
laundering requirements on companies that are financial institutions or that provide financial products and services. For these purposes,
financial institutions are broadly defined to include money services businesses such as money transmitters, check cashers and sellers
or issuers of stored value cards. Examples of anti-money laundering requirements imposed on financial institutions include subscriber
identification and verification programs, record retention policies and procedures and transaction reporting. We do not believe that
we are a financial institution subject to these laws and regulations based, in part, upon the characteristics of discount certificates
and Discount Dining Passes and our role with respect to the distribution of discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes to customers.
However, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a division of the U.S. Treasury Department tasked with implementing the requirements
of the Bank Secrecy Act, recently proposed amendments to the scope and requirements for parties involved in stored value or prepaid access
cards, including a proposed expansion of financial institutions to include sellers or issuers of prepaid access cards. In the event that
this proposal is adopted as proposed, it is possible that our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes could be considered a
financial product and that we could be a financial institution. In the event that we become subject to the requirements of the Bank Secrecy
Act or any other anti-money laundering law or regulation imposing obligations on us as a money services business, our regulatory compliance
costs to meet these obligations would likely increase which could reduce our net income. 

13 

State
laws regulating money transmission could be expanded to include our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes. 

Many
states impose license and registration obligations on those companies engaged in the business of money transmission, with varying definitions
of what constitutes money transmission. We do not currently believe we are a money transmitter given our role and the product terms of
our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes. However, a successful challenge to our position or expansion of state laws could
subject us to increased compliance costs and delay our ability to offer discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes in certain jurisdictions
pending receipt of any necessary licenses or registrations. 

Current
uncertainty in global economic conditions could adversely affect our revenue and business. 

Our
operations and performance depend primarily on economic conditions in the United States. The current economic environment continues to
be uncertain, including as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic. These conditions may make it difficult for our restaurants and other merchants
to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could cause our merchants to terminate their relationships with us or
could cause our customers to slow or reduce their spending. Furthermore, during challenging economic times, our merchants may face issues
gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which could result in their unwillingness to continue with our service or impair their ability
to make timely payments to us. If that were to occur, we may experience decreased revenue, be required to increase our allowance for
doubtful accounts and our days receivables outstanding would be negatively impacted. If we are unable to finance our operations on acceptable
terms as a result of renewed tightening in the credit markets, we may experience increased costs or we may not be able to effectively
manage our business. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide,
in the United States or in the restaurant and entertainment industry. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Downturns
in general economic and market conditions and reductions in spending may reduce demand for our digital dining products. 

Our
revenues, results of operations and cash flows depend on the overall demand for our discount dining certificates and discount Dining
Passes. Negative conditions in the general U.S. economy as well as in other jurisdictions, including conditions resulting from changes
in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations construction slowdowns, energy costs, international trade
relations and other geopolitical issues, including those caused or may be caused by the Russia Ukraine conflict, and the availability
and cost of credit could cause a decrease in consumer discretionary spending and diminish growth expectations for the restaurant, dining
and entertainment industries. Moreover, government consumption or socio-economic policies or objectives pursued by countries in which
we do business could potentially impact the demand for our discount dining certificates and discount Dining Passes. 

Global
inflation also increased during 2021 and in 2022. The Russia Ukraine conflict and other geopolitical conflicts, as well as related international
response, has exacerbated inflationary pressures, including causing increases in the price for goods and services and global supply chain
disruptions, which has resulted and may continue to result in shortages in food products, materials and services. Such shortages have
resulted and may continue to result in inflationary cost increases for labor, fuel, food products, materials and services, and could
continue to cause costs to increase as well as result in the scarcity of certain materials. We cannot predict any future trends in the
rate of inflation or other negative economic factors or associated increases in our operating costs and how that may impact our business.
To the extent we and the restaurant customers we service are unable to recover higher operating costs resulting from inflation or otherwise
mitigate the impact of such costs on our and their business, our revenues and gross profit could decrease, and our financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. Currently, the most significant impact of inflation on us is the increase in employee
wages. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company, and regulatory compliance may divert its attention from the day-to-day
management of our business. 

The
individuals who now constitute our management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience
complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage being a public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities
laws. In particular, these new obligations will require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert their attention
away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations. 

14 

Our
ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing. 

We
may in the future be required to raise capital through public or private financing or other arrangements. Such financing may not be available
on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business. Additional equity financing may
dilute the interests of our common stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could reduce
our profitability. If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to grow our business or respond to competitive pressures. 

We
intend to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results. 

We
intend to attempt to acquire complementary e-commerce businesses and to support the transition and integration of acquired operations
with our ongoing business as a part of our growth strategy. Other than as disclosed herein, we currently have no binding commitments
or agreements with respect to any such acquisitions and there can be no assurance that we will eventually consummate any acquisitions.
The process of integrating acquired assets into our operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may
absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. In addition, we
have limited experience in performing acquisitions and managing growth. There can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits of any
acquisition will be realized. In addition, future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the
incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which
could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial position. In addition, acquisitions also involve other risks,
including risks inherent in entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience and the potential loss of key employees. 

If
the products that we offer on our online marketplaces do not reflect our customers tastes and preferences, our sales and profit
margins would decrease. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to offer discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes to restaurants and other merchants that
reflect consumers tastes and preferences. Consumers tastes are subject to frequent, significant and sometimes unpredictable
changes. If our product fails to satisfy customers tastes or respond to changes in customer preferences, our sales could suffer
which would depress our profit margins. In addition, any failure to offer products in line with customers preferences could allow
our competitors to gain market share. This could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
plans for expansion cannot be implemented if we lose our key personnel or cannot recruit additional personnel. 

We
depend substantially on the continued services, specialized knowledge and performance of our senior management, particularly Ketan Thakker,
our President and CEO, Aaron Horowitz, President of Restaurant.com, Lisa Nason, Director of Marketing at Restaurant.com, Tim Miller,
Vice President, Enterprise B2B Sales at Restaurant.com and Tim Mrazek, Vice President, Information Technology at Restaurant.com. While
we have an employment agreement with Ketan Thakker, Messrs. Horowitz, Mrazek, Miller and Nason are at-will employees without employment
agreements. Mr. Thakker s employment agreement does not prevent him from terminating his employment with us at any time. As a result,
these executives may elect to pursue other opportunities at any time. If one or more of these individuals choose to leave our company,
we may lose a significant number of supplier relationships and operating expertise which they have developed over many years and which
would be difficult to replace. The loss of the services of any executive officer or other key employee could hurt our business. 

In
addition, as our business expands, we will need to add new personnel, including information technology and engineering personnel to maintain
and expand our website and systems, marketing and salespeople to attract and retain customers and merchants and customer support personnel
to serve our growing customer base. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, engineers and qualified sales representatives are critical
to our success, and competition for experienced and well qualified employees can be intense. To attract and retain executives and other
key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation.
We currently utilize a stock incentive plan, including stock options, as a form of share-based incentive compensation. If the anticipated
value of such equity-based incentive awards does not materialize, if our equity-based compensation otherwise ceases to be viewed as a
valuable benefit or if our total compensation package is not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain and motivate executives
and key employees could be weakened. 

15 

The
failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact
on our operations. If we are unable to hire and successfully train employees or contractors in these areas, users of our website may
have negative experiences and we may lose customers, which would diminish the value of our brand and harm our business. The market for
recruiting qualified information technology and other personnel is extremely competitive, and we may experience difficulties in attracting
and retaining employees. Should we fail to retain or attract qualified personnel, we may not be able to compete successfully or implement
our plans for expansion. 

To
obtain future revenue growth and achieve and sustain profitability, we will have to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. We have relationships with online services, search
engines, affiliate marketing websites, directories and other website and e-commerce businesses to provide content, advertising banners
and other links that direct customers to our website. We rely on these relationships as significant sources of traffic to our websites
and to generate new customers. Further, many of the parties with which we may have online-advertising arrangements could provide advertising
services for other online competitors. As a result, these parties may be reluctant to enter into or maintain relationships with us. Failure
to achieve sufficient traffic or generate sufficient revenue from purchases originating from third parties may result in termination
of these relationships by these third parties. If we are unable to develop or maintain these relationships on acceptable terms, our ability
to attract new customers and our financial condition could be harmed. If the underlying technology s development evolves in a manner
that is no longer beneficial to us, our financial condition could be harmed. In addition, certain online marketing agreements may require
us to pay upfront fees and make other payments prior to the realization of the sales, if any, associated with those payments. Accordingly,
if these relationships or agreements that we may enter into in the future fail to produce the sales that we anticipate, our results of
operations will be adversely affected. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able to increase our revenues, if at all, in a cost-effective
manner. 

We
rely upon search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo to rank our product offerings and may at times be subject to changes in search algorithms
and ranking penalties if they believe we are not in compliance with their guidelines. 

We
rely on search engines to attract consumer interest in our product offerings. Potential and existing customers use search engines provided
by search engine companies, including Google, Bing and Yahoo, which use algorithms and other devices to provide users a natural ranked
listing of relevant internet sites matching a user s search criteria and specifications. Generally, internet sites ranked higher
in the paid and natural search results lists furnished to users attract the largest visitor share among similar internet sites. Those
sites achieving the highest natural search ranking often benefit from increased sales. Natural search engine algorithms utilize information
available throughout the internet, including information available on our website. Rules and guidelines of these natural search engine
companies govern our participation on their sites and how we share relevant internet information that may be considered or incorporated
into the algorithms utilized by these sites. If we fail to present, or improperly present, our website s information for use by
natural search engine companies, or if any of these natural search engine companies determine we have violated their rules or guidelines,
or if others improperly present our website s information to these search engine companies, or if natural search engine companies
make changes to their search algorithms, we may fail to achieve an optimum ranking in natural search engine listing results, or we may
be penalized in a way that could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

More
individuals are using mobile devices to access the internet and versions of our service developed or optimized for these devices may
not gain widespread adoption by users of such devices. 

Mobile
devices are increasingly used for e-commerce transactions. A significant and growing portion of our users access our platform through
mobile devices. We may lose users if we are not able to continue to meet our users mobile and multi-screen experience expectations.
If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of mobile device users to our online marketplaces and services, we may fail
to capture a sufficient share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services. Our ability to successfully address
the challenges posed by the rapidly evolving market for mobile transactions is crucial to our continued success, and any failure to continuously
increase the volume of mobile transactions effected through our platforms could harm our business. 

We
rely on third-party systems to conduct our business, and our revenues and market share may decrease if these systems are unavailable
in the future or if they no longer offer quality performance. 

We
rely on third-party computer systems and third-party service providers, including credit card verifications and confirmations, to host
our website and to advertise and deliver the discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes sold on our website to customers. We also
rely on third-party licenses for components of the software underlying our technology platform. Any interruption in our ability to obtain
the products or services of these or other third parties or deterioration in their performance could impair the timing and quality of
our own service. If our service providers fail to deliver high-quality products and services in a timely manner to our customers, our
services will not meet the expectations of our customers and our reputation and brand will be damaged. Furthermore, if our arrangements
with any of these third parties are terminated, we may not find an alternate source of systems support on a timely basis or on terms
as advantageous to us. 

We
are subject to cyber security risks and risks of data loss or other security breaches. 

Our
business involves the storage and transmission of users proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk
of loss or misuse of this information, and to resulting claims, fines, and litigation. We have been subjected to a variety of cyber-attacks,
which have increased in number and variety over time. We believe our systems are probed by potential hackers virtually 24/7, and we expect
the problem will continue to grow worse over time. Cyber-attacks may target us, our customers, our suppliers, banks, credit card processors,
delivery services, e-commerce in general or the communication infrastructure on which we depend. Any compromise of our security could
result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a
loss of confidence in our security measures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business.
Moreover, any insurance coverage we may carry may be inadequate to cover the expenses and other potential financial exposure we could
face as a result of a cyber-attack or data breach. 

We
may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors including larger, well-established and well-financed e-commerce
companies and restaurants and merchants increasing their own online operations. 

The
market for discounts at restaurants and other merchants is intensely competitive. We also compete with other companies that offer digital
coupons through their websites or mobile applications. In addition, we compete with traditional offline coupon and discount services,
as well as newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide coupons and discounts on services and products. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Increased competition may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market
share and a diminished brand franchise. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or
future competitors. 

Our
competitors may directly increase our marketing costs and also may cause us to decrease certain types of marketing. 

In
addition to competing with us for customers, merchants, and employees, our competitors may directly increase our operating costs, by
driving up the cost of various forms of online advertising or otherwise. We may elect to decrease our use of sponsored search or other
forms of marketing from time to time to decrease our costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business.
We may also elect to spend additional amounts on sponsored search or other forms of marketing from time to time to increase traffic to
our website, or to take other actions to increase traffic and/or conversion, and the additional expenditures may have a material adverse
effect on our financial results and business. 

17 

Our
business depends on effective marketing, including marketing via email and social networking messaging, and we intend to increase our
spending on marketing and branding, which may adversely affect our financial results. 

We
depend on effective marketing and high customer traffic. We depend on email to promote our site and offerings and to generate a substantial
portion of our revenue. If a significant portion of our target customers no longer utilize email, or if we are unable to effectively
and economically deliver email to our potential customers, whether for legal, regulatory or other reasons, it would have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

If
email providers or Internet service providers implement new or more restrictive email or content delivery or accessibility policies,
including with respect to net neutrality, it may become more difficult to deliver emails to our customers or for customers to access
our site and services. For example, certain email providers, including Google, categorize our emails as promotional, and
these emails are directed to an alternate, and less readily accessible, section of a customer s inbox. If email providers materially
limit or halt the delivery of our emails, or if we fail to deliver emails to customers in a manner compatible with email providers 
email handling or authentication technologies, our ability to contact customers through email could be significantly restricted. In addition,
if we are placed on spam lists or lists of entities that have been involved in sending unwanted, unsolicited emails, our
operating results and financial condition could be substantially harmed. 

We
also rely on social networking messaging services for marketing purposes, and anything that limits our ability or our customers 
ability or desire to utilize social networking services could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to develop,
implement and maintain effective and efficient cost-effective advertising and marketing programs, it would have a material adverse effect
on our financial results and business. Further, as part of our growth strategies, we intend to increase our spending on marketing and
branding initiatives significantly, which may adversely affect our financial results. There is no assurance that any increase in our
marketing or branding expenditures will result in increased market shares or will ultimately have a positive effect on our financial
results. 

We
also rely heavily on Internet search engines to generate traffic to our websites, principally through search engine marketing and search
engine optimization. The number of consumers we attract from search engines to our platform is due in large part to how and where information
from, and links to, our websites are displayed on search engine results pages. The display, including rankings, of search results can
be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our control and may change at any time. Search engines frequently update
and change the logic that determines the placement and display of the results of a user s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic
placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. In addition, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes,
alter its search algorithms or results causing our websites to place lower in search query results. If a major Internet search engine
changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking it could create additional traffic headwinds for
us and negatively affect our results of operations. 

We
also rely on mobile marketplace operators (i.e., app store operators) to drive downloads of our mobile application. If any mobile marketplace
operator determines that our mobile application is non-compliant with its vendor policies, the operator may revoke our rights to distribute
through its marketplace or refuse to permit a mobile application update at any time. These operators may also change their mobile application
marketplaces in a way that negatively affects the prominence of, or ease with which users can access, our mobile application. Such actions
may adversely impact the ability of customers to access our offerings through mobile devices, which could have a negative impact on our
business and results of operations. 

Our
operating results depend on our websites, network infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. Capacity constraints or system failures
would harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
system interruptions that result in the unavailability of our website marketplaces or reduced performance of our transaction systems
would reduce our transaction volume and the attractiveness of the services that we provide to suppliers and third parties and would harm
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

We
use internally developed systems for our website and certain aspects of transaction processing, including databases used for internal
analytics and order verifications. We have experienced periodic systems interruptions due to server failure and power failure, which
we believe will continue to occur from time to time. Our transaction processing systems and network infrastructure may be unable to accommodate
increases in traffic in the future. We may be unable to project accurately the rate or timing of traffic increases or successfully upgrade
our systems and infrastructure to accommodate future traffic levels on our website. In addition, we may be unable to upgrade and expand
our transaction processing systems in an effective and timely manner or to integrate any newly developed or purchased functionality with
our existing systems. 

If
we do not respond to rapid technological changes, our services could become obsolete, and we could lose customers. 

To
remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our e-commerce businesses. We may face
material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements. If this happens, our customers may forego the use of our websites
and use those of our competitors. The internet and the online commerce industry are rapidly changing. If competitors introduce new products
and services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing websites and our proprietary technology
and systems may become obsolete. Our failure to respond to technological change or to adequately maintain, upgrade and develop our computer
network and the systems used to process customers orders and payments could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Use
of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 

There
has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices, including blogs, social media websites and other
forms of internet-based communications that allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Consumers
value readily available information concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information
without further investigation, authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability of information on social media platforms
and devices is virtually immediate as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices immediately publish the content their customers
and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The opportunity for dissemination of information,
including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning our company may be posted on such
platforms and devices at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests, may be inaccurate, and may harm our performance,
prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Such platforms also could
be used for the dissemination of trade secret information or otherwise compromise valuable company assets, all of which could harm our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may experience unexpected expenses or delays in service enhancements if we are unable to license third-party technology on commercially
reasonable terms. 

We
rely on a variety of technology that we license from third parties, such as Microsoft. These third-party technology licenses might not
continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain or maintain these licenses on favorable
terms, or at all, we could experience delays in completing and developing our proprietary software. 

If
we fail to forecast our revenue accurately due to lengthy sales cycles, or if we fail to match our expenditures with corresponding revenue,
our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or replace anticipated revenue that we do not receive as anticipated.
As a result, our operating results in future reporting periods may be significantly below the expectations of the public market, equity
research analysts or investors, which could harm the price of our common stock. 

We
could be subject to additional sales tax or other tax liabilities. 

We
are also subject to U.S. (federal and state) and foreign laws, regulations, and administrative practices that require us to collect information
from our customers, vendors, merchants, and other third parties for tax reporting purposes and report such information to various government
agencies. The scope of such requirements continues to expand, requiring us to develop and implement new compliance systems. Failure to
comply with such laws and regulations could result in significant penalties. 

19 

The
26 adoption of tax reform policies, including the enactment of legislation or regulations implementing changes in the tax treatment of
companies engaged in Internet commerce or the U.S. taxation of international business activities could materially affect our financial
position and results of operations. 

If
we do not begin to generate significant revenues, we will still need to raise additional capital to meet our long-term business requirements.
Any such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and would likely dilute current stockholders ownership interests.
If we are unable to secure additional financing in the future, we will not be able to continue as a going concern. 

If
we do not begin to generate significant revenues from our operations, we will need additional capital, which may not be available on
reasonable terms or at all. The raising of additional capital will dilute current stockholders ownership interests. We may need
to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings to meet various objectives including, but not limited to: 

maintaining
 enough working capital to run our business; 

pursuing
 growth opportunities, including more rapid expansion; 

acquiring
 complementary businesses and technologies; 

making
 capital improvements to improve our infrastructure; 

responding
 to competitive pressures; 

complying
 with regulatory requirements for advertising or taxation; and 

maintaining
 compliance with applicable laws. 

Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities may dilute current stockholders ownership percentages
and could also result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool
of outstanding equity. The terms of those securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors,
and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further
dilutive effect that is different from or in addition to that reflected in the capitalization described in this report. 

Further,
any additional debt or equity financing that we may need may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to
obtain required additional capital, we may have to curtail our growth plans or cut back on existing business and we may not be able to
continue operating if we do not generate sufficient revenues from operations needed to stay in business. 

We
may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities
law compliance fees and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we
issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition. 

Our
insurance coverage and indemnity rights may not adequately protect us against loss. 

The
types, coverage, or the amounts of any insurance coverage we may carry from time to time may not be adequate to compensate us for any
losses we may actually incur in the operation of our business. Further, any insurance we may desire to purchase may not be available
to us on terms we find acceptable or at all. We are not indemnified by all of our suppliers, and any indemnification rights we may have
may not be enforceable or adequate to cover actual losses we may incur as a result of our sales of their products. Actual losses for
which we are not insured or indemnified, or which exceed our insurance coverage or the capacity of our indemnitors or our ability to
enforce our indemnity agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

20 

Our
operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

Our
operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to seasonality and other reasons such as the rapidly evolving nature
of our business. We believe that our ability to achieve and maintain revenue growth and profitability will depend, among other factors,
on our ability to: 

acquire
 new customers and retain existing customers; 

attract
 and retain high-quality restaurants and other merchants; 

increase
 the number, variety, quality and relevance of discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes, including through third party business
 partners and technology integrations, as we attempt to expand our current platform; 

leverage
 other platforms to display our offerings; 

deliver
 a modern mobile experience and achieve additional mobile adoption to capitalize on customers continued shift toward mobile
 device usage; 

increase
 booking capabilities; 

increase
 the awareness of, and evolve, our brand to an expanded customer base; 

reduce
 costs and improve selling, general and administrative (SG A) leverage; 

successfully
 achieve the anticipated benefits of business combinations or acquisitions, strategic investments, divestitures and restructuring
 activities; 

provide
 a superior customer service experience for our customers; 

avoid
 interruptions to our services, including as a result of attempted or successful cybersecurity attacks or breaches; 

respond
 to continuous changes in consumer and merchant use of technology; 

offset
 declines in email, search engine optimization SEO and other traffic channels and further diversify our traffic channels; 

react
 to challenges from existing and new competitors; 

respond
 to seasonal changes in supply and demand; and 

address
 challenges from existing and new laws and regulations. 

In
addition, our margins and profitability may depend on our inventory mix, geographic revenue mix, discount rates mix and merchant and
third-party business partner pricing terms. Accordingly, our operating results and profitability may vary significantly from quarter
to quarter. 

21 

If
we fail to retain our existing customers or acquire new customers, our operating results and business will be harmed. 

We
must continue to retain and acquire customers who make purchases on our platform to increase profitability. Further, as our customer
base evolves, the composition of our customers may change in a manner that makes it more difficult to generate revenue to offset the
loss of existing customers and the costs associated with acquiring and retaining customers and to maintain or increase our customers 
purchase frequency. If customers do not perceive our offerings to be attractive or if we fail to introduce new and more relevant deals
or increase awareness and understanding of the offerings on our marketplace platform, we may not be able to retain or acquire customers
at levels necessary to grow our business and profitability. Further, the traffic to our website and mobile applications, including traffic
from consumers responding to our emails and search engine optimization, has declined in recent years, such that an increasing proportion
of our traffic is generated from paid marketing channels, such as search engine marketing. In addition, changes to search engine algorithms
or similar actions are not within our control and could adversely affect traffic to our website and mobile applications. If we are unable
to acquire new customers in numbers sufficient to grow our business and offset the number of existing active customers that have ceased
to make purchases, or if new customers do not make purchases at expected levels, our profitability may decrease and our operating results
may be adversely affected. 

Our
future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain high quality merchants and third-party business partners. 

We
must continue to attract and retain high quality restaurants and other merchants to increase profitability. A key priority of our strategy
is to increase our sales and marketing efforts to attract more high-quality restaurants and other merchants. We do not have long-term
arrangements to guarantee the availability of deals that offer attractive quality, value and variety to customers or favorable payment
terms to us. If merchants decide that utilizing our services no longer provides an effective means of attracting new customers or selling
their offerings, they may stop working with us or negotiate to pay us lower margins or fees. In addition, current or future competitors
may accept lower margins, or negative margins, to secure merchant offers that attract attention and acquire new customers. We also may
experience attrition in our merchants resulting from several factors, including losses to competitors and merchant closures or merchant
bankruptcies. If we are unable to attract and retain high quality merchants in numbers sufficient to grow our business, or if merchants
are unwilling to offer products or services with compelling terms through our marketplace, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
securities are Penny Stock and subject to specific rules governing their sale to investors. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to the Company,
as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve
a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to
the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and
investment experience objectives of the person; and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable
for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of
transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for Company s shareholders to sell shares of our common stock. 

22 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

There
is limited recent trading activity in our common stock and there is no assurance that an active market will develop in the future. 

There
is limited trading activity in our common stock. Although our common stock is now trading on the OTCQB Venture Market there can be no
assurance that a more active market for the common stock will develop, or if one should develop, there is no assurance that it will be
sustained. If a market does not develop or is not sustained it may be difficult for you to sell your common stock at the time you wish
to sell them, at a price that is attractive to you, or at all. You may not be able to sell your common stock at or above the offering
price per share. 

Our
second amended and restated bylaws designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our
stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Pursuant
to our second amended and restated bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claim for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a claim of or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
of ours to us or our stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law;
or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the Delaware Forum Provision ). The Delaware
Forum Provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act ). Our second amended and restated bylaws further provides that unless we consent in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court in Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (the Federal Forum Provision ). In addition,
our second amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any shares of our common stock
is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision; provided, however, that stockholders
cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

We
recognize that the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision in our second amended and restated bylaws may impose additional
litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of
Delaware. Additionally, the forum selection clauses in our second amended and restated bylaws may limit our stockholders ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may
discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit
our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting
to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court were facially valid under Delaware law, there is
uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation
costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may
also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be
located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or detect
fraud. Consequently, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price of our stock. 

We
must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. We have been assessing our internal
controls to identify areas that need improvement. Failure to identify and thereafter implement required changes to our internal controls
or any others that we identify as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls, if any, could harm our operating results
and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect
on the trading price of our stock. 

23 

The
price of our common stock may become volatile, which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to factors such as: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

announcements
 of developments by us or our competitors; 

regulatory
 actions regarding our products; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

adoption
 of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

introduction
 of new products by us or our competitors; 

sales
 of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The
stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation initiated
against the Company, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of its management s attention and
resources, which could harm our business and financial condition. 

Investors
may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

In
the future, we may issue additional authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into
or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities
for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. In addition, conversion of the currently outstanding warrants will further
dilute the voting power of investors in this offering and will disproportionately diminish their ability to influence our management
given the large percentage of shares currently held by our directors and officers as discussed in the risk factor below. The future issuance
of any such additional shares of common stock may also create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. There can be
no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction
with any capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock is currently
traded. 

Our
common stock is controlled by insiders. 

Our
officers and directors beneficially own approximately 22 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Such concentrated control may adversely
affect the price of our common stock. Investors who acquire common stock may have no effective voice in our management since the insiders
will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring
stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders, acting together, may be able to control elections of directors, amendments of
our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage
unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may believe are in your best interest as one of our stockholders.
In addition, sales by our insiders or affiliates along with any other market transactions, could negatively affect the market price of
our common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
price of our common stock may decline. The stock market in general, and the market price of our common stock will likely be subject to
fluctuation, whether due to, or irrespective of, our operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

24 

Our
financial performance, our industry s overall performance, changing consumer preferences, technologies, government regulatory action,
tax laws and market conditions in general could have a significant impact on the future market price of our common stock. Some of the
other factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in our share price include: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our periodic operating results; 

increases
 in market interest rates that lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a higher investment return; 

changes
 in earnings estimates; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

actions
 or announcements by our competitors; 

adverse
 market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

actions
 by stockholders; 

speculation
 in the media, online forums, or investment community; and 

our
 intentions and ability to list our common stock on the NYSE MKT and our subsequent ability to maintain such listing. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze
our results of operations and financial prospects. 

Currently,
we are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, 
we are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations
in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Consequently,
it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

Furthermore,
we are a non-accelerated filer as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and, as such, are not required to provide an auditor attestation
of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, which is generally required for SEC reporting companies
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Because we are not required to, and have not, had our auditors provide an attestation
of our management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, a material weakness in internal controls may remain
undetected for a longer period. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1500 West Shure Drive, Suite 200, Arlington Heights, IL 60004 and consist of approximately
4,000 square feet. We currently lease such facility for 7,500 per month and our lease has a lease escalation clause under which has
3 in each the three years. The lease expires on June 30, 2023. 

We
also had an office lease at Lakeside Corporate Court, 5880 Live Oak Parkway, Suite 100, Norcross, Georgia 30093. The lease is for 2,475
rentable square feet and expires August 1, 2024. The monthly lease expense commenced at 1,000 for the first year and rises to 2,900
per month in the fifth year of the lease. This lease was terminated in December 2022. 

As
we expand, we will need to find suitable additional space, which we believe is available on commercially reasonable terms for Restaurant.com.
We do not own any real estate. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, there are no such legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or that involve the Company that, in the opinion of management, could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business or financial condition, other than the following. 

On April 17, 2019, a lawsuit was filed
by Dupree Productions, LLC against uBid Holdings, Inc. and Ketan Thakker (Case No. L2019000436) in the Circuit Court of DuPage County,
Illinois, alleging that a Partial Equity Payment Agreement dated August 1, 2016, which was intended to compensate services in the amount
of 60,000 in return for shares of uBid common stock, was inadequate to compensate for the alleged higher value of advertising and endorsement
services of approximately 195,000. The case was dismissed on the basis that there was a binding arbitration clause in the Partial Equity
Payment Agreement. On February 3, 2021, the arbitrator awarded DuPree Productions 195,000, and 24,000 in attorneys fees, which
was included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. The Company filed an appeal of the arbitrator s
award. On January 28, 2022, a final settlement of 150,000 was reached, which was paid on May 9, 2022. Since final settlement was 69,000
less than the amount accrued by the Company, a gain on legal settlement of 69,000 was recognized in the statements of operations during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
2022, we sold 100,000 shares of our common stock for 250,000 an investor under the terms of our Form
1-A Offering Circular for our Tier 2 offering under SEC Rule 251. The proceeds of such sale were used for general corporate
purposes, including marketing, sales, operations and accounting and legal expenses. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock has been quoted on the OTC:QB under the symbol RSTN since September 25, 2020. From April 17, 2020 to September 25, 2020,
our common stock was quoted on the OTC:Pink under the symbol UBID and prior thereto under the symbol QMKR. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low bid closing prices for our common stock for the periods indicated, as reported by the OTC
Pink and the OTC:QB. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year Ending December 31, 2022 

October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 3.00 
 1.42 
 
 July 1, 2022 through September 30, 2022 
 3.20 
 0.20 
 
 April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 
 1.61 
 0.40 
 
 January 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 
 1.10 
 0.35 

Year Ending December 31, 2021 

October 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 
 1.75 
 0.39 
 
 July 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021 
 2.72 
 1.75 
 
 April 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021 
 3.70 
 1.93 
 
 January 1, 2021 through March 31, 2021 
 4.50 
 3.80 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 1,196 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared nor paid any cash dividend on our common stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
the expansion of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision whether to pay
cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors, in their discretion, and will depend on our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors considers significant. 

26 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information about the common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under
all of the Company s existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of vested Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 I 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans (1) 

Approved by Security Holders 2019 Plan 
 648,116 
 4.59 
 39,351,884 

(1)
 The only equity compensation plan approved by security holders is our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. There are 40 million authorized
 shares under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere
in this prospectus. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward looking statements based upon current
expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ substantially from those referred to herein due to
a number of factors, including, but not limited to, risks described in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this prospectus. 

Background
and Basis of Presentation 

On
March 1, 2020, we acquired the assets of Restaurant.com, Inc. Restaurant.com, Inc. is a pioneer in the restaurant deal space and the
nation s largest restaurant-focused digital deals brand. Founded in 1999, Restaurant.com connects digital consumers, businesses,
and communities offering over 200,000 dining and merchant deal options nationwide at 187,000 restaurants and retailers to over 7.8 million
customers. 

We
have decided to leverage our experience in ecommerce and concentrate on developing what we believe are significant growth opportunities
in the B2B and B2C business of Restaurant.com, Inc. 

On January 31, 2022,
the Company, through its newly formed Delaware subsidiary, GameIQ Acquisition Corp., Inc., entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the Merger Agreement with GameIQ, a California corporation, that is a developer of consumer gamification technologies
for retail businesses. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to issue 600,000 restricted shares of its common stock
and issued promissory notes to Balazs Wellisch, President and co-founder, and Quentin Blackford, Director, of GameIQ, in the principal
amounts of 78,813 and 62,101, respectively, bearing interest at 1 per annum, to repay loans by Mr. Wellisch and Mr. Blackford to GameIQ.
Each note requires repayment in nine equal biannual installments, with the first installment due on the nine-month anniversary of the
Closing Date as that term is defined in the Merger Agreement. Following the merger, GameIQ shall merge with and into the Company. In
addition, Balazs Wellisch will become Chief Technology Officer of Restaurant.com, a subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement closed
on February 28, 2022. The closing price of the Company s common stock was 0.50 per share on both January 31, 2022 and February
28, 2022. 

Business
Overview 

Restaurant.com
is a pioneer in the restaurant deal space and the nation s largest restaurant-focused digital deals brand. Founded in 1999, we
connect digital consumers, businesses, and communities offering dining and merchant deal options nationwide at over 182,500 restaurants
and retailers to over 7.8 million customers. Our 12,500 core restaurants and 170,000 Dining Discount Pass restaurants and retailers extend
nationwide. Our top three B2C markets are New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. 

We
derive our revenue from transactions in which we sell discount certificates for restaurants on behalf of third-party restaurants. Approximately
9-13 days each month we email our customers offers for restaurant discounts based on location and personal preferences. Consumers also
access our deals directly through our websites and mobile applications. A typical restaurant discount deal might offer a 25 discount
that can be used toward a 50 purchase at a restaurant. Additional deals include discounted pricing at theaters, movies or other merchants.
Customers purchase restaurant deals from us and redeem them with our merchant partners. We charge, and only collect, a service fee from
our customers which allows them to download the discount certificates and redeem them at the restaurant. We receive no revenue or commission
from the restaurants offering the discount deals. 

27 

We
derive our revenue from transactions in which we sell complimentary entertainment and travel offerings and consumer products on behalf
of third-party merchants. Approximately 9-13 days each month we email our customers offers for discounted experiences and products based
on location and personal preferences. Consumers also access our deals directly through our websites and mobile applications. Those discounted
experiences and products generally involve a customer s purchase of a voucher through one of our websites that can be redeemed
with a third-party merchant for services or goods (or for discounts on services and goods). Revenue from those transactions is reported
on a net basis and equals the purchase price received from the customer for the voucher less an agreed upon portion of the purchase price
paid by us to our partners. 

Through
our websites, www.restaurant.com, www.specials.restaurant.com, and mobile iOS and Android apps, we provide affordable dining and entertainment
experiences. In addition to purchasing restaurant discount certificates, entertainment and travel deals and consumer products as well
as company gift card redemption, our website and mobile platform provide additional information to assist the customer and encourage
return visits to our websites, including restaurant menus, entr e pricing, mapping and directions, and extensive filtering options,
including most popular, cuisine type and Deals Near Me for nearby restaurants. Paperless restaurant certificate redemption
and validation can also occur on our mobile platforms. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , there were an average of 700,000 unique
visitors per month to our digital platforms including our mobile and Specials offerings. Since the launch of our mobile apps in 2012,
mobile has grown from zero to 49 of our B2C revenue and over 60 of the B2C orders with over 6.4 million downloads of our apps for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
B2B sales program has grown significantly since its introduction in 2004 and comprises 50 of revenue. Our high-value, low-cost features
enable businesses to use Restaurant.com Gift Cards to entice new and existing customers to increase sales, promote customer satisfaction
and incent desired behavior. The availability of use in every market, features like never expire and online exchange, and
use by every customer demographic fit every business s customer base; features no other incentive product can match. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued
to spread, and the related adverse public health developments, have adversely affected work forces, economies and financial markets globally.
The outbreak has negatively impacted our revenues as a result of the temporary closures of restaurants throughout the United States where
our discount certificates and Discount Dining Passes are accepted and where dining is being restricted to outdoor locations or to capacity
constraints for indoor dining. We expect that for the next several months, as the virus continues to limit visits to restaurants and
as many prospective patrons choose to order delivery of meals from restaurants or take advantage of picking-up meals from restaurants,
to continue to negatively impact our revenues from purchase of our discount certificates, since they can only be redeemed when dining
in the restaurants. In addition, our dining certificates are not accepted for payment by third-party platforms that facilitate ordering
and delivery of food on-demand. As the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be abating, we expect an improvement in our revenues in fiscal 2023. 

28 

Inflation 

Global
inflation also increased during 2021 and in 2022. The Russia and Ukraine conflict and other geopolitical conflicts, as well as related
international response, have exacerbated inflationary pressures, including causing increases in the price for goods and services and
global supply chain disruptions, which have resulted and may continue to result in shortages in food products, materials and services.
Such shortages have resulted and may continue to result in inflationary cost increases for labor, fuel, food products, materials and
services, and could continue to cause costs to increase as well as result in the scarcity of certain materials. We cannot predict any
future trends in the rate of inflation or other negative economic factors or associated increases in our operating costs and how that
may impact our business. To the extent we and the restaurant customers we service are unable to recover higher operating costs resulting
from inflation or otherwise mitigate the impact of such costs on our and their business, our revenues and gross profit could decrease,
and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Going
Concern 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 1,278,524, utilized cash in operations of 1,053,571, and had a stockholders 
deficiency of 3,049,017 as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,122,958 available to fund its operations, including expansion plans, and to service its debt. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have experienced operating losses and negative operating
cash flows during 2022 and 2021. We have financed our working capital requirements through borrowings from various sources and the sale
of our equity securities. 

Our
operations have been significantly and negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the uncertain and rapidly evolving nature
of current conditions around the world, we are unable to predict accurately the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on its business
going forward. We expect the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects to continue to have a significant adverse impact on its business for the
duration of the pandemic and during the subsequent economic recovery, which could be for an extended period of time. 

As
a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022, has also expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional debt or equity capital to fund
its business activities and to ultimately achieve sustainable operating revenues and profitability. 

As
market conditions present uncertainty as to the Company s ability to secure additional funds, there can be no assurances that the
Company will be able to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, as and when necessary to continue to conduct operations. There
is also significant uncertainty as to the effect that the coronavirus may have on the Company s business plans and the amount and
type of financing available to the Company in the future. 

If
the Company is unable to obtain the cash resources necessary to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company could
be required to scale back its business activities or to discontinue its operations entirely. 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 

Results
of Operations Twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to twelve months ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2022, the Company s operating revenues consisted of revenues generated by the Restaurant.com
business. 

29 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, disaggregated revenue by the Company s divisions and type of revenue is presented below. 

Sales Channels 
 Restaurant Coupons 
 Sale of Travel, Vacation and Merchandise 
 Advertising 
 Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Business to consumer (B2C) 
 704,586 
 363,281 
 198,519 
 1,266,386 
 
 Business to business (B2B) 
 3,148,377 
 - 
 - 
 3,148,377 
 
 Other 
 29,832 
 - 
 - 
 29,832 
 
 Total 
 3,882,795 
 363,281 
 198,519 
 4,444,595 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Business to consumer (B2C) 
 867,465 
 375,261 
 182,503 
 1,425,229 
 
 Business to business (B2B) 
 1,861,795 
 - 
 - 
 1,861,795 
 
 Other 
 36,485 
 - 
 - 
 36,485 
 
 Total 
 2,765,745 
 375,261 
 182,503 
 3,323,509 

Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 4,444,595, an increase of approximately 1,121,086 or 34 , as compared to 3,323,509 in
the same period of the prior year. The increase in 2022 relates to an agreement we entered into an agreement with a national mobile
telephone provider Provider to provide our coupon codes to the Provider s mobile phone application user that
are verified nurses and teachers. Each Provider participant who redeemed the promotion received a dining credit of 25.00 and two
movie tickets. The dining credit can be redeemed for a certificate at any of our participating local restaurants. The movie tickets
provided by us are through Fandango for use at participating theatres. The agreement started in May 2022 and ended in August 2022,
and we earned 1,106,447 in revenues from this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating
Expenses 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues consists primarily of the costs incurred to generate revenues, consisting primarily of transaction fees. Management expects
these costs to increase in the future as the Company focuses on increasing its revenues. 

Costs
of revenues increased to 825,242 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 394,023 during the year ended December 31,
2021, as a result of our increase in revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cost of revenues, as a percentage
of revenue, was 19 and 8 , respectively. The increase in cost of revenues, as a percentage of revenue, was from Fandango movie ticket
costs related to the agreement with our Provider discussed above. No similar Provider agreement activity occurred during the prior year
period. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses consist of costs incurred to identify, communicate with and evaluate potential customers and related
business opportunities, and compensation to officers and directors, as well as legal and other professional fees, lease expense, and
other general corporate expenses. Management expects selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as the
Company adds personnel and incurs additional costs related to its operation as a public company, including higher legal, accounting,
insurance, compliance, compensation and other costs. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 5,462,690 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 7,243,151 during the year
ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,780,461. The decrease was related mainly to a 1,939,031 decrease in stock-based compensation
for directors, employees and contractors in the current period as compared to the prior year. Excluding stock-based compensation, our
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 158,570 during the current period, related to general changes in our business
and operations. 

30 

Amortization
of Intangible Assets 

Amortization
of intangible assets relates to our acquisition of GameIQ effective February 28, 2022, and Restaurant.com, effective January 30, 2020.
Amortization of intangible assets was 184,795 and 624,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Write-off
of Impaired Intangible Assets . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that certain intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of
the GameIQ business were impaired, resulting in a charge to operations of 258,714 at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company determined that certain intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Restaurant.com business
were impaired, resulting in a charge to operations of 570,030 at December 31, 2021. 

Loss
from Operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss from operations of 2,286,846, as compared to a loss from operations of 5,507,695
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in loss from operations was due to the increase in revenue and decreased operating
expenses discussed above. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

The
Company had other income of 1,025,322 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to other income of 516,472 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of a gain on legal settlement of 69,000, a gain on vendor
settlement of 28,600, a gain from the forgiveness of a government assistance loan of 1,025,535, offset by interest expense of 114,813.
Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of a gain from the forgiveness of a government assistance loan of 648,265,
offset by financing costs of 7,500, and interest expense of 124,293. 

Net
Loss 

We
realized a net loss of 1,278,524 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to realizing a net loss of 4,991,223 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss is primarily due to a gain on forgiveness of government assistance notes payable, increased
revenue and decreased operating expenses, as discussed above. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 presented elsewhere in this report, which have been prepared in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Certain accounting policies and estimates
are particularly important to the understanding of the Company s financial position and results of operations and require the application
of significant judgment by management or can be materially affected by changes from period to period in economic factors or conditions
that are outside of the Company s control. As a result, these issues are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying
these policies, management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates.
Those estimates are based on the Company s historical operations, the future business plans and the projected financial results,
the terms of existing contracts, trends in the industry, and information available from other outside sources. 

31 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company periodically issues share-based awards to employees and non-employees and consultants for services rendered. Stock options vest
and expire according to terms established at the issuance date of each grant. Stock grants are measured at the grant date fair value.
Stock-based compensation cost is measured at fair value on the grant date and is generally recognized as a charge to operations ratably
over the requisite service, or vesting, period. 

The
Company values its equity awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, and accounts for forfeitures when they occur. Use of the
Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including expected volatility, expected term, and a
risk-free interest rate. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock, calculated
utilizing a look-back period approximately equal to the contractual life of the stock option being granted. The expected life of the
stock option is calculated as the mid-point between the vesting period and the contractual term (the simplified method ).
The risk-free interest rate is estimated using comparable published federal funds rates. 

Operating
Segments 

Management
has determined that the Company has one operating segment. The Company s reporting segment reflects the manner in which its chief
operating decision maker reviews results and allocates resources. The Company s reporting segment meets the definition of an operating
segment and does not include the aggregation of multiple operating segments. 

In
reaching such a conclusion management evaluated the Company s reporting units by first identifying its operating segments. The
Company then evaluated each operating segment to determine if it includes one or more components that constitute a business. If there
are components within an operating segment that meet the definition of a business, the Company evaluates those components to determine
if they must be aggregated into one or more reporting units. If applicable, when determining if it is appropriate to aggregate different
operating segments, the Company determines if the segments are economically similar and, if so, the operating segments are aggregated. 

32 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenue
is recognized when, or as, control of a promised product transfers to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring those products. Revenue excludes taxes that have been assessed by governmental
authorities and that are directly imposed on revenue-producing transactions between the Company and its customers, including sales and
use taxes. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five-step process: 

(1) 
 identification of the agreement
 with a customer; 

(2) 
 identification of the performance
 obligations in the agreement; 

(3) 
 determination of the transaction
 price; 

(4) 
 allocation of the transaction
 price to the performance obligations in the agreement; and 

(5) 
 recognition of revenue
 when or as a performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company operates online websites that sell discounted restaurant coupons, travel and vacation packages, and other merchandise across
a wide range of product categories, including, but not limited to, computer products, consumer electronics, apparel, housewares, watches,
jewelry, travel, sporting goods, automobiles, home improvement products, and collectibles. In addition, the Company also generates revenues
based upon the number of times a third-party website(s) or products(s) are accessed or viewed by consumers from the Company s website
or platform. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
discussion of recent accounting pronouncements in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an operating loss of 2,286,846, used cash in operations of 1,053,571, and had a stockholders 
deficit of 3,049,017 at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date of the financial statements being issued. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional funds and implement our business plan. As a
result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered
public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022,
has also expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash on hand in the amount of 1,122,958. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability
to obtain necessary debt or equity financing to continue operations until it begins generating positive cash flow. No assurance can be
given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we
are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or cause
substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case or equity financing. 

The
Company s consolidated statements of cash flows as discussed herein are presented below. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,053,571 
 (1,260,191 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 12,805 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 233,399 
 2,589,940 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (807,367 
 1,930,325 

33 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
provided by or used in operating activities primarily consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including
amortization of intangible assets, impairment of intangible assets, gain on forgiveness of government assistance notes payable, and
the fair value of common stock issued for directors, employees, and service providers, and the effect of changes in working capital
and other activities. 

Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 1,053,571 and consisted of a net loss of 1,278,524,
adjustments for non-cash items, including amortization of intangible assets, gain on legal settlement, gain on forgiveness of government
assistance notes payable, fair value of vested stock options, and the fair value of common stock and issued for directors, employees,
and service providers, which in the aggregate total (14,874), and 183,827 in changes in working capital and other activities. 

Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,260,191 and consisted of a net loss of 4,991,223, adjustments
for non-cash items, including amortization of intangible assets, gain on forgiveness of government assistance notes payable, and the
fair value of common stock issued for directors, employees, and service providers, which in the aggregate total approximately 3,155,142,
and approximately 575,890 in changes in working capital and other activities. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 12,805 and was cash received on the acquisition of GameIQ.
The Company had no investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 233,399, which was from proceeds received of 250,000 the
sale of common stock, less 13,136 of principal payments on our acquisition notes payable, and 3,465 in principal payments on our note
payable government assistance loans. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 2,589,940,
and included net proceeds of 1,958,466 received from the sale of common stock, and 1,375,535 in proceeds from government assistance
loans, offset by the repayment of 303,147 of bridge notes payable, repayment of 400,000 of convertible notes payable, and repayment
of 40,914 of acquisition obligations. 

Convertible
Debt Assumed Upon Reverse Merger - Past Due 

Convertible
debt assumed upon reverse merger consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Total principal balance 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Accrued interest 
 17,137 
 11,537 
 
 Total principal and accrued interest 
 37,137 
 31,537 

On
November 5, 2018, the Company completed a merger agreement dated October 23, 2018 with Incumaker, Inc., whereby all of the shareholders
of the Company exchanged their shares of common stock in exchange for shares of Incumaker, Inc. common stock. The merger was treated
as a reverse merger and recapitalization of the Company for financial accounting purposes. In conjunction with the merger agreement with
Incumaker, Inc., the Company assumed certain outstanding convertible notes payable. The notes payable had interest rates ranging from
8 to 22 per annum. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the remaining convertible debt assumed in the transaction had a principal
balance outstanding of 20,000, and accrued interest payable of 17,137 and 11,537, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, convertible
debt assumed in the transaction, including accrued interest payable, was convertible at 1.50 per share into 24,758 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

34 

Acquisition
Notes Payable 

Acquisition
notes payable consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

GameIQ acquisition note payable 
 127,778 
 - 
 
 Restaurant.com acquisition note payable 
 1,500,000 
 1,500,000 
 
 Total principal balance 
 1,627,778 
 1,500,000 
 
 Accrued interest 
 252,194 
 162,300 
 
 Total principal and accrued interest 
 1,879,972 
 1,662,300 
 
 Less current portion 
 (1,798,478 
 - 
 
 Non-current portion 
 81,494 
 1,662,300 

GameIQ
Acquisition Note Payable 

On
February 1, 2022, notes payable for the purchase of GameIQ was issued to two holders, one for 78,813. and another for 62,101. In accordance
with Notes, RDE, Inc. promises to pay to the order of the Holders the principal amounts together with annual interest on the unpaid principal
amount of 1 computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days from the date of the Notes (the Total
Amount ), which shall be paid upon the earlier of (i) nine (6) equal biannual installments with the first installment due on the
nine-month anniversary of February 1, 2022, and the final payment due February 1, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Note, the Holders does not intend to charge, and the RDE, Inc. shall not be required to pay, any fees or
charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law; any payments in excess of such maximum shall be refunded to the RDE, Inc.
or credited to reduce the principal hereunder. All payments received by the Holder will be applied first to costs of collection, if any,
then the balance to the unpaid principal and interest. In the event of default, the notes to the holders are secured, in the manner that
such payment to be made in cash or shares of the RDE, Inc. s common stock at the election of the Holders. These Notes may be prepaid
in whole or in part by the RDE, Inc. For purposes of clarity, if RDE s payments to the Holders pursuant to (i) of the agreement,
do not in the aggregate equal the Total Amount, the amount remaining owed to the Holders shall be paid to the Holders on or before the
Maturity Date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of 13,136. As of December 31, 2022, the notes payable had an aggregate
principal balance outstanding of 127,788 and accrued interest payable of 687. 

Restaurant.com
Note Payable 

Pursuant
to the terms of the acquisition agreement with Restaurant.com, Inc. entered into on March 1, 2020, the Company executed an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of 1,500,000 that matures on March 1, 2023. The promissory note bears interest at a rate of
6 per annum and is convertible at the option of the Company into common shares at a price to be determined on the date of conversion. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note payable had a principal balance outstanding of 1,500,000 and accrued interest payable
of 251,507 and 162,300 respectively. 

On
March 1, 2023, the principal and interest balance of approximately 1,770,000, was converted into 554,859 shares of the Company s
common stock, and the note was retired. 

35 

Government
Assistance Notes Payable 

Government
Assistance Notes Payable consists of the following at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Paycheck Protection Loan 
 - 
 1,025,535 
 
 Economic Injury/Disaster Loans 
 661,035 
 650,000 
 
 Total principal balance 
 661,035 
 1,675,535 
 
 Accrued interest 
 45,541 
 25,321 
 
 Total principal and accrued interest 
 706,576 
 1,700,856 
 
 Less current portion 
 (15,217 
 (11,115 
 
 Non-current portion 
 691,359 
 1,689,741 

Paycheck
Protection Note Payable 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company received loan proceeds of 1,025,535 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (2nd draw). The note payable
was scheduled to mature in March 2026, bears interest at the rate of 1 per annum, and is subject to the terms and conditions applicable
to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. The loan and accrued interest payable are forgivable provided the Company uses
the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. 

Effective
February 28, 2022, the Company received formal notice that the note payable, including accrued interest of 9,743, was forgiven. As a
result, the gain from the forgiveness of the government assistance notes payable aggregating 1,025,535 was recognized in the statement
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL): 

On
June 17, 2020, the Company received 150,000 of proceeds applicable to loans administered by the SBA as disaster loan assistance
under the Covid-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) Program. On July 21, 2020, the Company received an additional 150,000 of proceeds applicable to loans
administered by the SBA as disaster loan assistance under the Covid-19 EIDL Program. On July 14, 2021, the Company received an
additional 350,000 of proceeds pursuant to the loan. On January 31, 2022, the Company assumed an additional 14,500 EIDL, and
accrued interest of 900, as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of GameIQ (see Note 3). 

The
loans bear interest at 3.75 per annum, with a combined repayment of principal and interest of 3,500 per month beginning 12 months from
the date of the promissory note over a period of 30 years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments
of 3,465. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the note payable had a principal balance outstanding of 661,035 and accrued
interest payable of 45,541 and 25,321 respectively. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

36 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Statements
 of RDE, Inc. 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for RDE, Inc. (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 RDE,
Inc. 

 Arlington Heights, Illinois 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RDE, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficiency and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and negative operating cash flows
since inception and has a stockholders deficiency at December 31, 2022. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

/s/
 . 

March
7, 2023 

F- 1 

RDE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits with credit card processor 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right of use asset, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Government assistance notes payable, current portion 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Convertible debt assumed upon reverse merger, including accrued interest of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Acquisition notes payable, current portion, including accrued interest of at December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 

Acquisition notes payable, including accrued interest of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Government assistance notes payable, including accrued interest of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficiency: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Common stock issuable, shares 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficiency 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficiency 

The
accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

RDE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Costs of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Write-off of impaired intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Financing costs 
 - 

Gain on legal settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on vendor settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from forgiveness of government assistance note payable 

Total other (income) expense, net 

Net loss 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

RDE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock Issuable 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of vested options 

Issuance of common stock for service 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for note payable extension 

Issuance of common stock for legal settlement 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Fair value of vested options 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to directors for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Fair value of vested restricted stock units for employees 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for vendor balance 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for GameIQ acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RDE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Financing costs 
 - 

Fair value of vested options 

Fair value of vested restricted stock units to employees 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of vested restricted stock units to directors 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Gain from vendor settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on legal settlement 
 
 - 
 
 Gain from forgiveness of government assistance note payable 

Change in right of use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued payroll and advances related party 
 - 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash acquired on GameIQ acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of acquisition notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of notes payable government assistance loans 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of bridge note payable 
 - 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 
 - 

Repayment of acquisition obligation 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable government assistance loans 
 - 

Proceeds from offering 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquired software and technology from acquisition of GameIQ 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common shares issued on acquisition of GameIQ 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable issued from acquisition of GameIQ 
 
 - 
 
 Government assistance notes payable and accrued interest assumed on acquisition of GameIQ 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common shares issued in settlement of vendor payable 
 
 - 
 
 Termination of operating lease right of use asset and lease liability 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RDE,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

,
utilized cash in operations of ,
and had a stockholders deficiency of as
of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of available
to fund its operations, including expansion plans, and to service its debt. The Company anticipates its cash balance will last until
approximately November 2023. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has experienced operating losses
and negative operating cash flows during 2022 and 2021. The Company has financed its working capital requirements through borrowings
from various sources and the sale of its equity securities. 

The
Company s operations have been significantly and negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the uncertain and rapidly
evolving nature of current conditions around the world, the Company is unable to predict accurately the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic
will have on its business going forward. The Company expects the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects to continue to have a significant
adverse impact on its business for the duration of the pandemic and during the subsequent economic recovery, which could be for an extended
period of time. 

As
a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company s consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional debt or equity capital to fund
its business activities and to ultimately achieve sustainable operating revenues and profitability. 

As
market conditions present uncertainty as to the Company s ability to secure additional funds, there can be no assurances that the
Company will be able to secure additional financing on acceptable terms, as and when necessary to continue to conduct operations. There
is also significant uncertainty as to the effect that the coronavirus may have on the Company s business plans and the amount and
type of financing available to the Company in the future. 

If
the Company is unable to obtain the cash resources necessary to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company could
be required to scale back its business activities or to discontinue its operations entirely. 

at such date. 

and , accordingly. 

discount that can be used toward a purchase at a restaurant. The Company recognizes
revenue on a gross basis upon sale and collection of the restaurant coupons from customers. The Company has no further commitment or
obligation to third-party restaurants or the coupon purchasers upon the sale of restaurant coupons and no amounts are due to the third-party
restaurants for these sales. Sale of restaurant coupons are generally non-refundable. On an infrequent case-by-case basis, the Company
will accept customer s request to transfer a restaurant coupon from one third-party restaurant to another (for example, upon the
closure of a restaurant). 

Promotional
Gift Card Revenue 

The
Company sells Restaurant.com promotional gift cards which can only be used to redeem for restaurant coupons offered by the Company on
its website. Based on the Company s historical redemption rates of its promotional gift cards, a portion of the sale of gift card
revenue is recorded as deferred revenue liability at the time of sale and recognized as revenue in future periods based on historical
redemption trend rates, but no longer than 24 months from the date of sale. The Company continues to review historical promotional gift
card redemption information and considers any changes in redemption patterns to assess when revenue is realized. Future redemption rates
may be different than our historical experience and subject to inherent uncertainty. If actual redemption activity differs significantly
from our historical experience, our deferred revenue and results of operations could be materially impacted. 

Sale
of Travel, Vacation and Merchandise 

The
Company also derives revenue from transactions in which it sells complementary entertainment and travel offerings and consumer products
on behalf of third-party merchants. Additional deals include discounted pricing at theaters, movies or other merchants. Customers purchase
restaurant deals from the Company and redeem them with the Company s merchant partners. Approximately 9 to 13 days each month the
Company emails its customers offers for discounted experiences and products based on location and personal preferences. Consumers also
access the Company s deals directly through the Company s websites and mobile applications. Those discounted experiences
and products generally involve a customer s purchase of a voucher through one of the Company s websites that can be redeemed
with a third-party merchant for services or goods (or for discounts on services and goods). Revenue from those transactions is reported
on a net basis and equals the purchase price received from the customer for the voucher less an agreed upon portion of the purchase price
paid by the Company to its partners. 

Advertising
Revenues 

The
Company also has agreements with selected third-party partners, such as Google Ads, wherein third-party website(s) and/or product(s)
are shown or incorporated in the Company s platform or website. The Company generates revenues based upon the number of times the
third-party website(s) or product(s) are accessed or viewed by consumers from the Company s platform or website. Revenue is recognized
when its determinable, which is generally upon receipt of a statement and/or proceeds from the third-party partners. 

Business to business (B2B) 
 
 - 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Business to consumer (B2C) 

Business to business (B2B) 
 
 - 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 

and ,
respectively. 

Common stock issuable 

Common stock warrants 
 - 

Common stock options 

Total 

The
issuable and potentially issuable shares as summarized above do not include any shares that may be issuable upon the conversion of an
unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 1,500,000 that matures on March 1, 2023 (see Note 7), as such promissory note is
 convertible at the option of the Company into common shares at a price to be determined on the
date of conversion. These potentially issuable common shares would have been anti-dilutive because the Company had a net loss for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and thus such shares would have been excluded from the calculation of net loss per share. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses to date resulting from this practice. 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU
2021-04 ). ASU 2021-04 provides guidance as to how an issuer should account for a modification of the terms or conditions or an
exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains equity classified after modification
or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or
exchange as the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately
before modification or exchange and then apply a recognition model that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding
accounting treatment for each category (equity issuance, debt origination, debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance
and debt origination or modification). ASU 2021-04 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. An entity should apply the guidance provided in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges
occurring on or after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity elects to
early adopt ASU 2021-04 in an interim period, the guidance should be applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that
interim period. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 is not expected to have any impact on the Company s consolidated financial statement
presentation or disclosures. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805) Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). ASU 2021-08 requires that an entity recognize and measure contract assets
and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination as if it had originated the contracts. This is a shift from existing guidance,
which required the acquirer to recognize contract assets and contract liabilities at their fair value as of the acquisition date. ASU
2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity
should apply the guidance provided by ASU 2021-08 prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. Early
adoption of ASU 2021-08 is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. An entity that early adopts the guidance in an interim
period should apply the amendments (1) retrospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date occurs on or after
the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period of early application and (2) prospectively to all business combinations
that occur on or after the date of initial application. The adoption of ASU 2021-08 is not expected to have any impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosure. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, authoritative guidance, if currently adopted, would have a material
impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

restricted shares of
its common stock with a fair value of and issued promissory notes totaling , bearing interest at per annum, payable
in nine equal biannual installments, with the first installment due on the nine-month anniversary of the Closing Date as that term is
defined in the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement closed on February 28, 2022. The closing price of the Company s common stock
was per share on both January 31, 2022 and February 28, 2022. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination
in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. The Company has also determined that the acquisition does not qualify as significant
acquisition under the guidance of SEC S-X Rules 3-05 and 1-02. 

Government assistance note payable and accrued interest (EIDL) 

Common stock shares of common stock at per share) 

Total consideration paid 

Purchase price allocation 

Acquired assets (cash) 

Acquired software and technology 

Total purchase price 

The
Company estimated that the recorded intangible assets had a two-year estimated life and are subject to amortization. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the company recorded amortization expense of . As of December 31, 2022, management determined
there was an of impairment of its remaining intangible assets and charged its operations for the write off of intangible assets. 

The
following unaudited pro forma statements of operations present the Company s pro forma results of operations after giving effect
to the purchase of GameIQ based on the historical financial statements of the Company and GameIQ. The unaudited pro forma statements
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 give effect to the transaction as if it had occurred on January 1, 2021. 

Operating expenses 

Direct cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment of acquired software and technology 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Other income 

Total Other income 

Net loss 

Direct cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Net loss 

These
amounts were included in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

and an average base rent of approximately per month. The Company recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability of 
based upon the present value of all lease payments and a corresponding lease liability of . In December 2022, the Company terminated
its Arlington Heights, Illinois lease and recorded a reduction in a right-of-use asset and lease liability of . 

Additions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Terminations 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization 

Balance, end of period 

Additions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Terminations 
 
 - 
 
 Lease payments 

Balance, end of period 

Less current portion 

Non-current portion 
 - 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liability 

Accrued interest 

Total principal and accrued interest 

On
November 5, 2018, the Company completed a merger agreement dated October 23, 2018 with Incumaker, Inc., whereby all of the shareholders
of the Company exchanged their shares of common stock in exchange for shares of Incumaker, Inc. common stock. The merger was treated
as a reverse merger and recapitalization of the Company for financial accounting purposes. In conjunction with the merger agreement with
Incumaker, Inc., the Company assumed certain outstanding convertible notes payable. The notes payable had interest rates ranging from
 to per annum. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the remaining convertible debt assumed in the transaction had a principal
balance outstanding of , and accrued interest payable of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, convertible
debt assumed in the transaction, including accrued interest payable, was convertible at per share into shares of the Company s
common stock. 

- 
 
 Restaurant.com acquisition note payable 

Total principal balance 

Accrued interest 

Total principal and accrued interest 

Less current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current portion 

GameIQ
Acquisition Note Payable 

On
February 1, 2022, notes payable for the purchase of GameIQ was issued to two holders, one for . and another for . In accordance
with Notes, RDE, Inc. promises to pay to the order of the Holders the principal amounts together with annual interest on the unpaid principal
amount of computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days from the date of the Notes (the Total
Amount ), which shall be paid upon the earlier of (i) nine (6) equal biannual installments with the first installment due on the
nine-month anniversary of February 1, 2022, and the final payment due (the Maturity Date ). Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Note, the Holders does not intend to charge, and the RDE, Inc. shall not be required to pay, any fees or
charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law; any payments in excess of such maximum shall be refunded to the RDE, Inc.
or credited to reduce the principal hereunder. All payments received by the Holder will be applied first to costs of collection, if any,
then the balance to the unpaid principal and interest. In the event of default, the notes to the holders are secured, in the manner that
such payment to be made in cash or shares of the RDE, Inc. s common stock at the election of the Holders. These Notes may be prepaid
in whole or in part by the RDE, Inc. For purposes of clarity, if RDE s payments to the Holders pursuant to (i) of the agreement,
do not in the aggregate equal the Total Amount, the amount remaining owed to the Holders shall be paid to the Holders on or before the
Maturity Date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments of . As of December 31, 2022, the notes payable had an aggregate
principal balance outstanding of and accrued interest payable of . 

Restaurant.com
Note Payable 

Pursuant
to the terms of the acquisition agreement with Restaurant.com, Inc. entered into on March 1, 2020, the Company executed an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of that matures on . The promissory note bears interest at a rate of 
 per annum and is convertible at the option of the Company into common shares at a price to be determined on the date of conversion. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the note payable had a principal balance outstanding of and accrued interest payable
of and respectively. 

Economic Injury/Disaster Loans 

Total principal balance 

Accrued interest 

Total principal and accrued interest 

Less current portion 

Non-current portion 

Paycheck
Protection Note Payable 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company received loan proceeds of pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (2nd draw). The note payable
was scheduled to mature in , bears interest at the rate of per annum, and is subject to the terms and conditions applicable
to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. The loan and accrued interest payable are forgivable provided the Company uses
the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. 

Effective
February 28, 2022, the Company received formal notice that the note payable, including accrued interest of , was forgiven. As a
result, the gain from the forgiveness of the government assistance notes payable aggregating was recognized in the statement
of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL): 

On
June 17, 2020, the Company received 
 of proceeds applicable to loans administered
by the SBA as disaster loan assistance under the Covid-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) Program. On July 14, 2021, the Company
received an additional 
 of proceeds pursuant to the loan. On July 21,
2020, the Company received 
 of proceeds applicable to loans administered
by the SBA as disaster loan assistance under the Covid-19 EIDL Program. On January 31, 2022, the Company assumed an additional 
 EIDL, and accrued interest of ,
as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of GameIQ (see Note 3). 

The
loans bear interest at per annum, with a combined repayment of principal and interest of per month beginning 12 months from
the date of the promissory note over a period of years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made principal payments
of . As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the note payable had a principal balance outstanding of and accrued
interest payable of and respectively. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue a total of shares of common stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had shares and shares, respectively, of common stock issued, issuable and outstanding. 

Common
Stock Transactions 

Issuance
of Common Stock to Directors 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted of shares to members of the Company s Board of Directors with a fair
value of or per share. The shares vest over a two-year period from grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company issued of these shares of common stock with a fair value of based upon its vesting term. As of December
31, 2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to this common stock was approximately which will be recognized
as an expense as the common shares vest in future periods through February 28, 2024. 

Issuance
of Restricted Stock to Employees 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted shares of the Company s restricted stock to employees with a fair
value or per share. The share vest over a two-year period from grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued of these shares of restricted stock with a fair value of based upon its vesting term. As of December 31,
2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to the restricted stock was approximately which will be recognized
as an expense as the restricted shares vest in future periods through February 28, 2024. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with an aggregate value of to consultants
for services rendered. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with an aggregate fair value of to consultants
for services rendered. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Acquisition of GameIQ 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of , or per share,
as partial consideration paid on the acquisition of GameIQ (see Note 3). 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Cash 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds of , from the sale of shares of common stock at a price of per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds of , net of offering costs of , from the sale of 
shares of common stock at an average price of per share. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Settlement of Vendor Balance 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at to extinguishment a vendor payable
balance of , and recorded a gain on vendor settlement of , which was included in other income in the statement of operations
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Note Payable Extension 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at to a noteholder as an extension fee. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Legal Settlement 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with an aggregate fair value of in a legal settlement. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding exercisable warrants. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected life 
 years 

For
stock options requiring an assessment of value during the year ended December 31, 2021, the fair value of each stock option award was
estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 to 
 
 Expected life 
 to years 

On
February 28, 2022, the Company, pursuant to the terms of its 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, approved options with a fair value of ,
exercisable into shares to be issued to its employees. Of the stock options issued, stock options had an exercise
price of per share, with vesting of on date of issuance, and then on each subsequent anniversary date. The remaining 
stock options had an exercise price of per share, with stock options vesting on March 1, 2022, and stock options
vesting each month thereafter beginning on April 1, 2022. 

On
January 27, 2021, the Company, the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement for consultation and advice with respect to procuring restaurants/chefs
for the Restaurant.com business platform and other services and product deals. In connection with the agreement, the Company granted
fully-vested stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, exercisable for a period of from
the date of grant at per share. The fair value of these stock options, as calculated pursuant to the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, was determined to be per share), which was charged to operations on that date. 

On
March 15, 2021, the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement for service on the Company s Advisor Board for a term of approximately
 . In connection with the agreement, the Company granted stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock, vesting shares on the grant date and shares on June 15, 2021, exercisable for a period of from the date
of grant at per share. The fair value of these stock options, as calculated pursuant to the Black-Scholes option-pricing model,
was determined to be per share), of which was attributable to the stock options fully-vested on March 21, 2021
and was therefore charged to operations on that date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a charge
to operations of , with respect to these stock options. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and of compensation expense relating to vested stock
options. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to stock options was which
will be recognized as an expense as the options vest in future periods through February 28, 2024. 

The
weighted average remaining contractual life of common stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 was years.
Based on a fair market value of per share on December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value attributed to exercisable but unexercised common
stock options was at December 31, 2022. 

On
April 17, 2019, a lawsuit was filed by Dupree Productions, LLC against uBid Holdings, Inc. and Ketan Thakker (Case No. L2019000436) in
the Circuit Court of DuPage County, Illinois, alleging that a Partial Equity Payment Agreement dated August 1, 2016, which was intended
to compensate services in the amount of in return for shares of uBid common stock, was inadequate to compensate for the alleged
higher value of advertising and endorsement services of approximately . The case was dismissed on the basis that there was a
binding arbitration clause in the Partial Equity Payment Agreement. On February 3, 2021, the arbitrator awarded DuPree Productions ,
and in attorneys fees, which was included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021.
The Company filed an appeal of the arbitrator s award. On January 28, 2022, a final settlement of was reached, which was
paid on May 9, 2022. Since final settlement was less than the amount accrued by the Company, a gain on legal settlement of 
was recognized in the statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

In
assessing the potential realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company attaining
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management
was unable to determine if it is more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax assets will be realized and has therefore
recorded an appropriate valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at such dates. 

No
federal tax provision has been provided for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the losses incurred during such periods.
The reconciliation below presents the difference between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and
the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Tax-exempt Paycheck Protection Loan forgiveness 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has available net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately
 federal net operating losses, , subject
to Internal Revenue Service limitations, including change in ownership regulations. 

for the Restaurant.com acquisition note payable (see Note
7), was converted into shares of the Company s common stock, and the note was retired. 

F- 22 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and the oversight of our audit committee, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

Auditor s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

38 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Set
forth below is certain information regarding our executive officers and directors. Each of the directors listed below was elected to
our board of directors to serve until our next annual meeting of stockholders or until his or her successor is elected and qualified.
All directors hold office for one-year terms until the election and qualification of their successors. The following table sets forth
information regarding the members of our board of directors and our executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Ketan Thakker 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer; President and Chairman 
 
 Aaron Horowitz 
 
 58 
 
 President of Restaurant.com 
 
 Tim Miller 
 
 57 
 
 Vice President, Enterprise B2B Sales of Restaurant.com 
 
 Balazs Wellisch 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Technology Officer of Restaurant.com 
 
 Lisa Nason 
 
 43 
 
 Director of Marketing of Restaurant.com 
 
 Kevin Harrington 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 M. Scot Wingo 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Paul K. Danner 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief overview of the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers during at least the past five
years, including their principal occupations or employment during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by
which they were employed, and certain of their other directorships: 

Ketan
Thakker has been our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since August 2014. He joined our company as Chief Financial
Officer in July 2013, leading our restructuring, and was promoted the following year. Mr. Thakker is an entrepreneurial leader with more
than 20 years in finance and operations. He has significant hands-on experience in building and growing new and existing businesses in
the online space. He founded and served as President of TripRental.com and TripRental Software, an online listing site for vacation rental
properties, from March 2011 to June 2013. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer for Apartments.com, a Classified Ventures
Company from 2006 to 2011. Mr. Thakker also held leadership roles in financial management at Abbott Laboratories and Baxter International
Inc. Mr. Thakker received an M.B.A. from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management and is an accredited certified
public accountant (inactive). 

As
the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Thakker leads the Board and guides our company. Mr. Thakker brings extensive
e-commerce industry knowledge of the company and a deep background in technology growth companies, mergers and acquisitions and capital
market activities, making him well qualified as a member of the Board. His service as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
creates a critical link between management and the Board. 

Aaron
Horowitz has been President of Restaurant.com since 2017. He joined Restaurant.com in 2010 as General Counsel. Prior to joining Restaurant.com,
Mr. Horowitz served as General Counsel at Cosmetique. Mr. Horowitz received his B.A. from University of Michigan in 1985 and his Juris
Doctor from the University of Chicago Law School in 1988. 

Tim
Miller joined Restaurant.com and the B2B division since its inception in 2004. Before joining Restaurant.com, Mr. Miller was with
Gordon Flesch Company, a leading National Cannon dealership for 15 years in sales and management. He graduated from Eastern Illinois
University in 1988 with a B.A. in Political Science. 

39 

Balazs
Wellisch joined Restaurant.com in February 2022 following our acquisition of GameIQ acquisition. He is responsible for the strategy,
formulation, development and delivery of Restaurant.com s product portfolio as well as the operation of the company s IT
infrastructure. Mr. Wellisch has more than 25 years of experience leading high-performing organizations and driving modern technology
development and adoption for global organizations. From November 2014 to February 2022, he served as founder and CEO GameIQ. From March
2002 to September 2009 Mr. Wellisch was President and CEO of Solana Consulting, a company providing e-business management solutions to
companies worldwide. From March 2000 to February 2002 Mr. Wellisch was Vice President of Engineering at Eriss Corp., a company providing
dynamic internet application services to government workforce boards, cities, counties, states and commercial service providers, and
from September 1997 to February 2000 he served as Chief Technology Officer of Digital Trends, a managed high growth applications services
company delivering e-commerce solutions. Mr. Wellisch graduated from San Diego State University with a degree in Computer Science. 

Lisa
Nason joined Restaurant.com in May 2011. Ms. Nason is responsible for leading the marketing, creative and analytics teams to coordinate
and expand the company s marketing across B2C and B2B platforms. Prior to joining Restaurant.com, Ms. Nason served as a project
lead providing analytics and consulting services at Allant Group from January 2003 to April 2011 to a variety of companies and developed
32 business models to measure the effectiveness of different marketing campaigns and from January 2000 to January 2003 was a consulting
analyst at NDCHealth engaging in the analysis of data to respond to complex sales and marketing business questions. Ms. Nason graduated
from Marquette University with a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and received her Master of Science in Applied Mathematics from Roosevelt
University. 

Kevin
Harrington was appointed as a director of our Company on February 13, 2019, following the closing of the SkyAuction Merger. Mr. Harrington
has almost 40 years experience in product introduction and direct marketing, being one of the first to market products through
infomercials in 1984. Since 2005, he has been Chief Executive Officer of Harrington Business Development, Inc. and, since November 2015,
Chief Executive Officer of KBHJJ, LLC, each privately held consulting firms controlled by him. A serial entrepreneur, Mr. Harrington
appeared as one of the original panelists on the ABC television program, Shark Tank, from 2009 to 2011. He currently
serves as a director of Celsius Corp., a developer of calorie-burning fitness beverages, since March 2013, Emergent Health Corp., a developer
of nutritional products, since December 2014, and Redwood Scientific Technologies, Inc., a marketer of consumer homeopathic drugs and
supplements, since April 2015. He also serves on the Advisory Board of Good Gaming, Inc., an eSports tournament gaming platform, since
March 2016, and was formerly the Chairman of the Board of As Seen On TV, Inc., a public company that focuses on marketing products through
infomercials and other direct marketing, from May 2010 to April 2014. Mr. Harrington is the author of Act Now! How to Turn Ideas
into Million-Dollar Products, which chronicles his life and experiences in the direct response industry. Mr. Harrington is a co-founder
of two global networking associations, the Entrepreneur s Organization (formerly the Young Entrepreneurs Organization) in 1997,
and the Electronic Retailing Association in 2000. Mr. Harrington s in-depth knowledge of the e-commerce market and the broad range
of companies in the industry make him well qualified as a member of the Board. He also brings transactional expertise in mergers and
acquisitions and capital markets. 

M.
Scot Wingo was appointed as a director of our Company on February 13, 2019, following the closing of the SkyAuction Merger. Mr. Wingo
is a co-founder of ChannelAdvisor Corporation (NYSE) and has served as chairman of its board of directors since its inception in 2001,
as its executive chairman since May 2015 and as its chief executive officer from 2001 until May 2015. Mr. Wingo is a co-founder of, and
since July 2016 has served as the chief executive officer of, Get Spiffy, Inc., an on-demand car cleaning technology and services company.
Prior to founding ChannelAdvisor, he served as general manager of GoTo Auctions, chief executive officer and co-founder of AuctionRover.com,
which was acquired by GoTo.com, and as chief executive officer and co-founder of Stingray Software, which was acquired by RogueWave.
He has appeared on CNBC, The Today Show and contributed thought leadership to the WSJ, New York Times, Washington Post, Bloomberg/Business
Week, LA Times, AP, Reuters and many other publications. Mr. Wingo regularly speaks about e-commerce and on-demand topics at IRCE (internet
Retailer Conference and Exhibition), NRF s/shop.org Digital Summit, NRF s Big Show, Shoptalk, NPD Idea, Bronto Summit, ChannelAdvisor
Catalyst and many e-commerce/retail-oriented Wall Street conferences. Mr. Wingo has received numerous awards including Ernst and Young s
Entrepreneur of the Year and Triangle Business Journal s Businessperson of the Year. Mr. Wingo received a B.S. degree in Computer
Engineering from the University of South Carolina and an M.S. degree in Computer Engineering from North Carolina State University. The
Board of Directors believes that Mr. Wingo s reputation as a thought leader in the e-commerce industry, transactional expertise
in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets and his business experience in founding and overseeing the growth of software companies
makes him well qualified to be a member of the Board. 

40 

Paul
K. Danner joined our Board of Directors on February 13, 2019, following the SkyAuction Merger. He is currently serving as the Chief
Executive Officer of Pepex Biomedical, Inc. From 2016 to 2018, he was Chairman Chief Executive Officer of Alliance MMA, Inc., Nasdaq-listed
sports promotion and media firm. Formerly, Mr. Danner was the Managing Director of Destiny Partners Worldwide, a global organizational
management and business operations consultancy since 2006. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Danner was also the Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai-based
China Crescent Enterprises, a fully-reporting OTCBB-listed information technologies company which operated primarily in Asia. Previously,
he served as Chairman Chief Executive Officer of Paragon Financial Corporation, a Nasdaq-listed financial services firm, from 2002
to 2006. From January 1998 to 2001 Mr. Danner was employed in various roles at MyTurn.com, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed information technologies
company, including as Chief Executive Officer. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Danner was the Managing Partner of Technology Ventures, a business
consultancy firm. From 1985 to 1996 he held executive-level and sales marketing positions with a number of Fortune-100 technology
companies including NEC Technologies and Control Data Corporation. Mr. Danner served as a Naval Aviator flying the F-14 Tomcat, and subsequently
as an Aerospace Engineering Duty Officer supporting the Naval Air Systems Command, for eight years on active duty plus 22 years with
the reserve component of the United States Navy. He retired from the Navy in 2009 with the rank of Captain. Mr. Danner received his BS
in Business Finance from Colorado State University and holds an MBA in Marketing from the Strome College of Business at Old Dominion
University. 

Board
of Directors and Corporate Governance 

When
considering whether directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to enable the Board of Directors to satisfy
its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the Board of Directors focuses primarily on the information
discussed in each of the directors individual biographies as set forth above. With regard to Mr. Thakker, the Board considered
his day-to-day operational leadership of our company and in-depth knowledge of our business. In the case of Messrs. Wingo, Danner and
Harrington, the Board has considered their extensive experience in corporate management that will assist our corporate governance. 

The
Board of Directors periodically reviews relationships that directors have with our company to determine whether the directors are independent.
Directors are considered independent as long as they do not accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee (other
than director fees) from us, are not an affiliated person of our company or our subsidiaries (e.g., an officer or a greater than 10 
stockholder) and are independent within the meaning of applicable United States laws, regulations and the Nasdaq Capital Market listing
rules. In this latter regard, the Board of Directors uses the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules (specifically, Section 5605(a)(2) of such rules)
as a benchmark for determining which, if any, of our directors are independent, solely in order to comply with applicable SEC disclosure
rules. 

The
Board of Directors has determined that, of our directors, Messrs. Wingo, Danner and Harrington are independent within the meaning of
the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules cited above, and that Paul Danner We believe Paul Danner is also an audit committee financial expert as
that term is defined by listing standards of the national securities exchanges and SEC rules, including the rules relating to the independence
standards of an audit committee and the non-employee director definition of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers were not involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past
ten years. 

Family
Relationships and Other Arrangements 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

None
of our directors or executive officers was selected to serve in their respective roles pursuant to any arrangement or understanding between
such director or executive officer and any person. 

41 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Currently,
our Board of Directors acts as audit, nominating, corporate governance and compensation committees. Until such time as we add more members
to the Board, the entire Board will determine all matters and no committees have been formed. We intend to appoint persons to the board
of directors and committees of the board of directors as required to meet the corporate governance requirements of a national securities
exchange, although we are not required to comply with these requirements until we are listed on a national securities exchange. We intend
to appoint directors in the future so that we have a majority of our directors who will be independent directors, and of which at least
one director will qualify as an audit committee financial expert, prior to a listing on a national securities exchange. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our directors or executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that
has one or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees in accordance with the rules of the
Nasdaq Capital Market and the SEC. We have posted a copy of our code of ethics on our website and intend to post amendments to this code,
or any waivers of its requirements, as well. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

We
comply with applicable state law with respect to transactions (including business opportunities) involving potential conflicts. Applicable
state corporate law requires that all transactions involving our company and any director or executive officer (or other entities with
which they are affiliated) are subject to full disclosure and approval of the majority of the disinterested independent members of our
Board of Directors, approval of the majority of our stockholders or the determination that the contract or transaction is intrinsically
fair to us. More particularly, our policy is to have any related party transactions i.e. , transactions involving a director,
an officer or an affiliate of our company) be approved solely by a majority of the disinterested independent directors serving on the
Board of Directors. We expect to have at least three independent directors serving on the Board of Directors and intend to maintain a
Board of Directors consisting of a majority of independent directors. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Executive Officers 

Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides for, under certain circumstances, the indemnification of our officers, directors,
employees and agents against liabilities that they may incur in such capacities. Below is a summary of the circumstances in which such
indemnification is provided. 

In
general, the statute provides that any director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation may be indemnified against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred in a proceeding (including
any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding) to which the individual was a party by reason of such status. Such indemnity
may be provided if the indemnified person s actions resulting in the liabilities: (i) were taken in good faith; (ii) were reasonably
believed to have been in or not opposed to our best interests; and (iii) with respect to any criminal action, such person had no reasonable
cause to believe the actions were unlawful. Unless ordered by a court, indemnification generally may be awarded only after a determination
of independent members of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, by independent legal counsel or by vote of the stockholders
that the applicable standard of conduct was met by the individual to be indemnified. 

The
statutory provisions further provide that to the extent a director, officer, employee or agent is wholly successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of any proceeding to which he or she was a party, he or she is entitled to receive indemnification against expenses,
including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the proceeding. 

42 

Indemnification
in connection with a proceeding by us or in our right in which the director, officer, employee or agent is successful is permitted only
with respect to expenses, including attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense. In such actions,
the person to be indemnified must have acted in good faith, in a manner believed to have been in our best interests and must not have
been adjudged liable to us, unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expense which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Indemnification
is otherwise prohibited in connection with a proceeding brought on our behalf in which a director is adjudged liable to us, or in connection
with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the director in which the director is adjudged liable for receipt of an improper
personal benefit. 

Delaware
law authorizes us to reimburse or pay reasonable expenses incurred by a director, officer, employee or agent in connection with a proceeding
in advance of a final disposition of the matter. Such advances of expenses are permitted if the person furnishes to us a written agreement
to repay such advances if it is determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by us. 

The
statutory section cited above further specifies that any provisions for indemnification of or advances for expenses does not exclude
other rights under our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, resolutions of our stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
These indemnification provisions continue for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such persons. 

The
statutory provision cited above also grants us the power to purchase and maintain insurance policies that protect any director, officer,
employee or agent against any liability asserted against or incurred by him or her in such capacity arising out of his or her status
as such. Such policies may provide for indemnification whether or not the corporation would otherwise have the power to provide for it. 

Our
second amended and restated bylaws include an indemnification provision under which we have the power to indemnify our directors, officers,
former directors and officers, employees and other agents (including heirs and personal representatives) against all costs, charges and
expenses actually and reasonably incurred, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment to which a director or
officer is made a party by reason of being or having been a director or officer of the Company. Our bylaws further provide for the advancement
of all expenses incurred in connection with a proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such
amounts if it is determined that the party is not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws. No advance will be made by the Company
to a party if it is determined that the party acting in bad faith. These indemnification rights are contractual, and as such will continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or other agent, and will inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors
and administrators of such a person. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the cash and non-cash compensation awarded to or earned by: (i) each individual who served as the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer of RDE, Inc during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (ii) each other
individual who served as an executive officer of RDE, Inc. at the conclusion of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and who received
more than 100,000 in the form of salary and bonus during such year. For purposes of this report, these individuals are collectively
the named executive officers of our Company. 

Name and Position 
 Years 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Ketan Thakker, 
 2022 
 225,000 

225,000 
 
 Chairman, President and CEO 
 2021 
 200,000 

200,000 

Aaron Horowitz 
 2022 
 150,000 
 
 52,500 

202,500 
 
 President and GC 
 2021 
 150,000 

150,000 

Tim Miller 
 2022 
 312,695 
 
 22,750 

335,445 
 
 VP Sales 
 2021 
 211,661 

211,661 

Tim Mrazek 
 2022 
 122,500 

7,901 

122,500 
 
 VP Technology 
 2021 
 103,469 

103,469 

43 

Employment
and Advisory Agreements 

Effective
July 1, 2022, we entered into a new employment agreement with Ketan Thakker, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. The
employment agreement provides that Mr. Thakker will receive a base salary during the first year of his employment agreement at an annual
rate of 250,000 which base salary shall be increased to 400,000 in the event that either (i) the Company receives financing of at least
 10,000,000 or (ii) at such time as our Board determines that the Company can afford to pay him such increased base salary. In addition,
Mr. Thakker may be entitled to receive, at the discretion of our Board, a cash bonus based on the performance goals of our Company. 

The
employment agreement also provides for termination by us upon his death or disability (defined as three aggregate months of incapacity
during any 365-consecutive day period) or upon conviction of a felony crime of moral turpitude or a material breach of his obligations
to us. In the event the employment agreement is terminated by us without cause, Mr. Thakker will be entitled to compensation for the
balance of the term. 

In
the event of a change of control of our company, Mr. Thakker may terminate his employment within six months after such event and will
be entitled to continue to be paid pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. 

Mr.
Thakker also entered into a confidentiality and non-competition agreement in conjunction with his employment agreement which contains
covenants restricting Mr. Thakker from engaging in any activities competitive with our business during the term of the employment agreement
and one year thereafter and prohibiting him from disclosure of confidential information regarding our company at any time. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

On
February 11, 2019, our Board of Directors and stockholders adopted our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). The purpose
of the Plan is to provide an incentive to attract and retain directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees whose services
are considered valuable, to encourage a sense of proprietorship, and to stimulate an active interest of these persons in our development
and financial success. Under the Plan, we are authorized to issue up to 40,000,000 shares of common stock, including incentive stock
options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation
rights, performance shares, restricted stock and long-term incentive awards. 

Administration.
The 2019 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors or the committee or committees as may be appointed by the Board of Directors
from time to time (the Administrator ). The Administrator determines the persons who are to receive awards, the types of
awards to be granted, the number of shares subject to each such award and the terms and conditions of such awards. The Administrator
also has the authority to interpret the provisions of the 2019 Plan and of any awards granted there under and to modify awards granted
under the 2019 Plan. The Administrator may not, however, reduce the price of options or stock appreciation rights issued under the 2019
Plan without prior approval of the Company s shareholders. 

Eligibility.
The 2019 Plan provides that awards may be granted to our employees, officers, directors and consultants or of any parent, subsidiary
or other affiliate of the Company as the Administrator may determine. A person may be granted more than one award under the 2019 Plan. 

44 

Shares
that are subject to issuance upon exercise of an option under the 2019 Plan but cease to be subject to such option for any reason (other
than exercise of such option), and shares that are subject to an award granted under the 2019 Plan but are forfeited or repurchased by
the Company at the original issue price, or that are subject to an award that terminates without shares being issued, will again be available
for grant and issuance under the 2019 Plan. 

Terms
of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. The Administrator determines many of the terms and conditions of each option and SAR granted
under the 2019 Plan, including whether the option is to be an incentive stock option or a non-qualified stock option, whether the SAR
is a related SAR or a freestanding SAR, the number of shares subject to each option or SAR, and the exercise price of the option and
the periods during which the option or SAR may be exercised. Each option and SAR is evidenced by a grant agreement in such form as the
Administrator approves and is subject to the following conditions (as described in further detail in the 2019 Plan): 

(a)
Vesting and Exercisability: Options, restricted shares and SARs become vested and exercisable, as applicable, within such periods, or
upon such events, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion and as set forth in the related grant agreement. The term of each
option is also set by the Administrator. However, a related SAR will be exercisable at the time or times, and only to the extent, that
the option is exercisable and will not be transferable except to the extent that the option is transferable. A freestanding SAR will
be exercisable as determined by the Administrator but in no event after 10 years from the date of grant. 

(b)
Exercise Price: Each grant agreement states the related option exercise price, which, in the case of SARs, may not be less than 100 
of the fair market value of the Company s shares of common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of an incentive stock
option granted to a 10 stockholder may not be less than 125 of the fair market value of shares of the Company s common stock
on the date of grant. 

(c)
Method of Exercise: The option exercise price is typically payable in cash, common stock or a combination of cash of common stock, as
determined by the Administrator, but may also be payable, at the discretion of the Administrator, in a number of other forms of consideration. 

(d)
Recapitalization; Change of Control: The number of shares subject to any award, and the number of shares issuable under the 2019 Plan,
are subject to proportionate adjustment in the event of a stock dividend, spin-off, split-up, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
business combination or exchange of shares and the like. Except as otherwise provided in any written agreement between the participant
and the Company in effect when a change in control occurs, in the event an acquiring company does not assume plan awards (i) all outstanding
options and SARs shall become fully vested and exercisable; (ii) for performance-based awards, all performance goals or performance criteria
shall be deemed achieved at target levels and all other terms and conditions met, with award payout prorated for the portion of the performance
period completed as of the change in control and payment to occur within 45 days of the change in control; (iii) all restrictions and
conditional applicable to any restricted stock award shall lapse; (iv) all restrictions and conditions applicable to any restricted stock
units shall lapse and payment shall be made within 45 days of the change in control; and (v) all other awards shall be delivered or paid
within 45 days of the change in control. 

(e)
Other Provisions: The option grant and exercise agreements authorized under the 2019 Plan, which may be different for each option, may
contain such other provisions as the Administrator deems advisable, including without limitation, (i) restrictions upon the exercise
of the option and (ii) a right of repurchase in favor of the Company to repurchase unvested shares held by an optionee upon termination
of the optionee s employment at the original purchase price. 

Amendment
and Termination of the 2019 Plan. The Administrator, to the extent permitted by law, and with respect to any shares at the time not subject
to awards, may suspend or discontinue the 2019 Plan or amend the 2019 Plan in any respect; provided that the Administrator may not, without
approval of the stockholders, amend the 2019 Plan in a manner that requires stockholder approval. 

45 

The
following table sets forth certain information about outstanding equity awards granted to our named executive officers that remain outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date (1) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares (#) 
 Market Value of Shares (2) 
 
 Balazs Wellisch 
 2/16/2022 
 210,000 
 190,000 
 1.50 
 2/16/2032 
 
 210,700 
 
 Tim Miller 

45,000 
 22,750 
 
 Aaron Horowitz 

105,000 
 52,500 
 
 Ketan Thakker 

180,000 
 90,000 
 
 Kevin Harrington 

180,000 
 90,000 
 
 M. Scot Wingo 

180,000 
 90,000 
 
 Paul K. Danner 

180,000 
 90,000 

(1) 
 All equity awards listed in this table were granted
 pursuant to our 2019 Plan, the terms of which are described above under Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 (2) 
 This
 amount reflects the fair market value of our common stock of 0.50 per share as of February 28, 2022 (the determination of the fair
 market value by our board of directors as of the grant date) multiplied by the amount shown in the column for the number of shares
 that have been granted. . 

2022
Director Compensation 

Upon
commencement of their Board membership on February 13, 2019, the nonexecutive members of the Board, Messrs. Harrington, Wingo and Danner,
each received a grant of 20,000 restricted shares of our common stock of which 25 of the restricted stock grant (5,000 shares) vested
upon acceptance of the offer to serve on our Board of Directors and 25 of the restricted stock grant (5,000 shares) will vest upon each
of the three anniversaries of the acceptance date of the offer (February 13, 2019) provided that each Board member has served continuously
as an advisor to the Company during such one year period, (ii) an annual cash allowance will be paid in equal quarterly amounts as follows:
year 1 5,000, year 2 15,000 and year 3 an amount to be determined and (iii) each nonexecutive Board member who serves as a Chair of
one of our Board Committees will receive an additional cash payment of 2,000 annually and each nonexecutive Board member who serves
as a member of one of our Board Committees will receive an additional cash payment of 1,000 annually. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by or paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ketan Thakker 
 0 
 90,000 
 0 
 90,000 
 
 Paul K. Danner 
 15,000 
 90,000 
 
 105,000 
 
 M. Scot Wingo 
 0 
 90,000 
 0 
 90,000 
 
 Kevin Harrington 
 0 
 90,000 
 0 
 90,000 

(1) 
 All equity awards listed
 in this table were granted pursuant to our 2019 Plan, the terms of which are described above under Equity Compensation Plan
 Information. 
 
 (2) 
 During the year ended December
 31, 2022, the Company granted 720,000 of shares to members of the Company s Board of Directors with a fair value of 360,000
 or 0.50 per share. The shares vest over a two-year period from grant date. 

46 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, , the beneficial ownership of our common stock by the following
persons: 

each person or entity who,
 to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our common stock; 

our named executive officers; 

each current director;
 and 

all of our current executive
 officers and directors as a group; and 

There
were 14,110,982 shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31, 2022. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information
furnished, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

In
computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of
common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December
31, 2022, are deemed outstanding. These shares of common stock, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the
percentage ownership of any other person. 

Each
person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s address is c/o RDE, Inc., 1500 West Shure Drive, Suite 200, Arlington Heights, IL 60004. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Percent of 
 Common Stock 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Higher Proof L.L.C. (5) 
 907,581 
 6.2 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Ketan Thakker (1) 
 2, 369,585 
 16.3 
 
 Paul Danner III (2) 
 240,000 
 1.7 
 
 Kevin Harrington (3) 
 240,000 
 1.7 
 
 M. Scot Wingo (4) 
 240,500 
 1.7 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (4 individuals) 
 3, 089,585 
 21.4 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

There
were no transactions since December 31, 2021 or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant and in which
any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving the lesser of 120,000 or one percent (1 of the
average of the Company s total assets as of the end of last completed fiscal year. A related person is any executive officer, director,
nominee for director, or holder of 5 or more of the Company s common stock, or an immediate family member of any of those persons. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

We
do not have a formal policy regarding approval of transactions with related parties. 

47 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Each
year, the Board approves the annual audit engagement in advance. The Board also has established procedures to pre-approve all non-audit
services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. All fiscal year 2022 and 2021 non-audit services
listed below were pre-approved. 

Audit
and Audit-Related Fees : This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included
in our annual and periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. This category also includes services performed for the preparation of
responses to SEC correspondence, travel expenses for our auditors, on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result
of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and the preparation of an annual management letter on internal
control and other matters. 

Tax
Fees : This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance. 

All
Other Fees : This category consists of fees for services other than the services described above. 

Description 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 135,764 
 94,900 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 3,932 
 10,400 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 139,696 
 105,300 

48 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2018, by and between Incumaker, Inc. and the Company 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate Evidencing the Shares of Common Stock 

10.1 + 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated May 1, 2022 between RDE, Inc. and Ketan Thakker. 

10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 1, 2020 between the Company. and Restaurant.com, Inc. 

10.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 31, 2022 by and among RDE, Inc., GameIQ Acquisition Corp. and GameIQ, Inc. 

10.6 
 
 Agreement dated April 21, 2022 between the Company and T-Mobile USA, Inc. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of RDE, Inc. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

To be filed by Amendment. 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-12G filed with the Commission on April 8, 2022. 

 +
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

We have redacted specific provisions or terms of Exhibit 10.6 required to be filed by Item 601(b)(10) in accordance with Item 601(b)(10)(iv)
on the basis that we customarily and actually treat such information as private or confidential and since the omitted information is
not material. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RDE, INC. 

March 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ketan
 Thakker 

Ketan
 Thakker 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ketan Thakker as his attorney-in-fact,
with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file
the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ketan
 Thakker 
 
 CEO (Principal Executive 
 
 March
 7, 2023 
 
 Ketan Thakker 
 
 Officer) and Director 

/s/ M.
 Scot Wingo 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 7, 2023 
 
 M. Scot Wingo 

/s/ Kevin
 Harrington 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 7, 2023 
 
 Kevin Harrington 

/s/ Paul
 K. Danner 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 7, 2023 
 
 Paul K. Danner 

/s/ Ketan
 Thakker 
 
 As Attorney-In-Fact 

March
 7, 2023 
 
 Ketan Thakker 

50 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit
10.1 

EXECUTIVE
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Executive Employment Agreement (this Agreement is amended as of the 1 st day of May 2022 by and between RDE,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Ketan Thakker, a natural person, residing in the State of Georgia Executive ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes to employ Executive as its President and Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company and Executive
wishes to accept such employment; 

WHEREAS,
the Company and Executive wish to set forth the terms of Executive s employment and certain additional agreements between Executive
and the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the representations, covenants and terms contained herein, the parties hereto
agree as follows: 

1. Employment
 Period 

The
Company will employ Executive, and Executive will continue to serve the Company, under the terms of this Agreement commencing May 1 st ,
2022 (the Commencement Date for a term of an additional five (5) years unless earlier terminated under Section 4 hereof.
The period of time between the commencement and the termination of Executive s employment hereunder shall be referred to herein
as the Employment Period. 

2. Duties
 and Status 

The
Company hereby engages Executive as its President and CEO on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement including the terms
and conditions of the Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, and Non-Competition Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A 
and incorporated herein (the Non-Disclosure Agreement ). Executive agrees to devote the Executive s entire business
time, attention and energies to the business and interests of the Company during the Employment Period. During the Employment Period,
Executive shall report directly to the Board of Directors (the Board and shall exercise such authority,
perform such executive functions and discharge such responsibilities as are reasonably associated with Executive s position, commensurate
with the authority vested in Executive pursuant to this Agreement and consistent with the governing documents of the Company. 

3. Compensation
 and Benefits 

(a) Salary .
 During the Employment Period, the Company shall pay to Executive, as compensation for the
 performance of his duties and obligations under this Agreement, a base salary of 200,000
 per annum, payable semi-monthly, which base salary shall increase to 250,000 effective July
 1, 2022 and shall further increase to 400,000 when the Company has secured a minimum of
 10 million in financing or the Board determines that it has sufficient cash to commence
 such 400,000 base salary. 

(b) Bonus .
 During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for a bonus to be paid in cash,
 stock or both on terms that shall be mutually acceptable to the Board and Executive to meet
 mutually agreed to performance goals. 

(c) Options .
 Upon execution of this Agreement, Executive shall also be entitled to receive restricted
 stock and stock options under the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan to acquire shares
 of the Company s common stock at the discretion of the Board. 

(d) Other
 Benefits . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in
 all of the employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements of the Company in effect during
 the Employment Period which are generally available to senior executives of the Company,
 subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall administration
 of such plans, programs and arrangements. In addition, during the Employment Period, Executive
 shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites comparable to those of other senior
 executives of the Company including, but not limited to, standard holidays, twenty (20) days
 of vacation pay plus five (5) sick/personal days, to be used in accordance with the Company s
 vacation pay policy for senior executives. 

(e) Business
 Expenses . During the Employment Period, the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive
 for all appropriately documented, reasonable business expenses incurred by Executive in the
 performance of his duties under this Agreement, including telecommunications expenses and
 travel expenses. 

4. Termination
 of Employment 

(a) Termination
 for Cause. The Company may terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause
 (defined below). For purposes of this Agreement and subject to Executive s opportunity
 to cure as provided in Section 4(c) hereof, the Company shall have Cause to terminate Executive s
 employment hereunder if such termination shall be the result of: 

(i) a
 material breach of fiduciary duty or material breach of the terms of this Agreement or any
 other agreement between Executive and the Company (including without limitation any agreements
 regarding confidentiality, inventions assignment and non-competition) which remains uncured
 for a period of fifteen (15) days following receipt of written notice from the Board specifying
 the nature of such breach; 

- 2 - 

(ii) the
 commission by Executive of any act of embezzlement, fraud, larceny or theft on or from the
 Company; 

(iii) substantial
 and continuing neglect or inattention by Executive of the duties of his employment or the
 willful misconduct or gross negligence of Executive in connection with the performance of
 such duties which remains uncured for a period of fifteen (15) days following receipt of
 written notice from the Board specifying the nature of such breach; 

(iv) the
 commission and indictment by Executive of any crime involving moral turpitude or a felony;
 and 

(v) Executive s
 performance or omission of any act which becomes known to any of the customers, clients,
 stockholders or regulators of the Company, and, as found by the Board, threatens to have
 or has a material and adverse impact on the business of the Company. 

(b) Termination
 for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right at any time to terminate his employment
 with the Company upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination
 for Good Reason (defined below). For purposes of this Agreement and subject to the Company s
 opportunity to cure as provided in Section 4(c) hereof, Executive shall have Good Reason
 to terminate his employment hereunder if such termination shall be the result of: 

(i) the
Company s material breach of this Agreement; 

(ii) A
 requirement by the Company that Executive perform any act or refrain from performing any
 act that would be in violation of any applicable law; 

(iii) A
 material and substantial reduction of the Employee s responsibilities that is inconsistent
 with the Employee s status as a senior executive of the Company, but in each case subject
 to the limitations on the Employee s rights and responsibilities set forth in Section
 2; or 

(iv) A
 requirement that Executive relocate his permanent residence more than thirty (30) miles from
 his current address. 

(c) Voluntary
 Termination . Executive, at his election, may terminate his employment upon not less than
 sixty (60) days prior written notice of termination other than for Good Reason. 

- 3 - 

(d) Termination
 Upon Death or Permanent and Total Disability . The Employment Period shall be terminated
 by the death of Executive. The Employment Period may be terminated by the Board if Executive
 shall be rendered incapable of performing his duties to the Company by reason of any medically
 determined physical or mental impairment that can be reasonably expected to result in death
 or that can be reasonably be expected to last for a period of either (i) six (6) or more
 consecutive months from the first date of Executive s absence due to the disability
 or (ii) nine (9) months during any twelve (12)-month period (a Permanent and Total
 Disability ). If the Employment Period is terminated by reason of a Permanent and Total
 Disability of Executive, the Company shall give thirty (30) days advance written notice
 to that effect to Executive. 

(e) Termination
 at the Election of the Company. At the election of the Company, otherwise than for Cause
 as set forth in Section 4(a) above, upon not less than sixty (60) days prior written notice
 of termination. 

(f) Termination
 for Business Failure . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the
 event the Company s business is discontinued because continuation is rendered impracticable
 by substantial financial losses, lack of funding, legal decisions, administrative rulings,
 declaration of war, dissolution, national or local economic depression or crisis or any reasons
 beyond the control of the Company, then this Agreement shall terminate as of the day the
 Company determines to cease operation with the same force and effect as if such day of the
 month were originally set as the termination date hereof. In the event this Agreement is
 terminated pursuant to this Section 4(g), the Executive will not be entitled to severance
 pay. 

5. Consequences
 of Termination 

(a) By
 Executive for Good Reason or the Company Without Cause . In the event of a termination
 of Executive s employment during the Employment Period by Executive for Good Reason
 pursuant to Section 4(b) or the Company without Cause pursuant to Section 4 (e), the Company
 shall pay Executive (or his estate) and provide him with the following, provided that Executive
 enter into a release of claims agreement agreeable to the Company and Executive: 

(i) Cash
 Payment . A cash payment, payable in equal installments over a six (6) month period after
 Executive s termination of employment (the Severance Period ),
 equal to the sum of the following: 

(A) Salary.
 The equivalent of the greater of (i) twelve (12) months of Executive s then-current
 base salary or (ii) the remainder of the term of this Agreement. 

- 4 - 

(B) Earned
 but Unpaid Amounts . Any previously earned but unpaid salary through Executive s
 final date of employment with the Company, and any previously earned but unpaid bonus amounts
 prior to the date of Executive s termination of employment. 

(C) Equity .
 All Equity vested at time of termination shall be retained by Executive and all Equity that
 has not vested shall be accelerated and be deemed vested for purposes of this Section 5. 

(ii) Other
 Benefits . The Company shall provide continued coverage for the remainder of the Severance
 Period under all health, life, disability and similar employee benefit plans and programs
 of the Company on the same basis as Executive was entitled to participate immediately prior
 to such termination, provided that Executive s continued participation is possible
 under the general terms and provisions of such plans and programs. In the event that Executive s
 participation in any such plan or program is barred, the Company shall use its commercially
 reasonable efforts to provide Executive with benefits substantially similar (including all
 tax effects) to those which Executive would otherwise have been entitled to receive under
 such plans and programs from which his continued participation is barred. In the event that
 Executive is covered under substitute benefit plans of another employer prior to the expiration
 of the Severance Period, the Company will no longer be obligated to continue the coverages
 provided for in this Section 5(a)(ii). 

(b) Other
 Termination of Employment . In the event that Executive s employment with the Company
 is terminated during the Employment Period by the Company for Cause (as provided for in Section
 4(a) hereof) or by Executive other than for Good Reason (as provided for in Section 4(b)
 hereof), the Company shall pay or grant Executive any earned but unpaid salary, bonus, and
 Options through Executive s final date of employment with the Company, and the Company
 shall have no further obligations to Executive. 

- 5 - 

(c) Withholding
 of Taxes . All payments required to be made by the Company to Executive under this Agreement
 shall be subject only to the withholding of such amounts, if any, relating to tax, excise
 tax and other payroll deductions as may be required by law or regulation. 

(d) No
 Other Obligations . The benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement are not in
 lieu of any benefits payable under any employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of the
 Company, except as specifically provided herein, and Executive will receive such benefits
 or payments, if any, as he may be entitled to receive pursuant to the terms of such plans,
 programs and arrangements. Except for the obligations of the Company provided by the foregoing
 and this Section 5, the Company shall have no further obligations to Executive upon his termination
 of employment. 

(e) Mitigation
 or Offset . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the damages provided by this Section
 5 by seeking substitute employment or otherwise and there shall not be an offset of the payments
 or benefits set forth in this Section 5. 

6. Governing
 Law 

This
Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 

7. Indemnity
 and Insurance 

The
Company shall indemnify and save harmless Executive for any liability incurred by reason of any act or omission performed by Executive
while acting in good faith on behalf of the Company and within the scope of the authority of Executive pursuant to this Agreement and
to the fullest extent provided under the Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation and the Delaware General Corporation Law except that
Executive must have in good faith believed that such action was in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such conduct was unlawful. 

The
Company shall provide that Executive is covered by Directors and Officers insurance that the Company provides to other senior executives
and/or Board members. 

- 6 - 

8. Cooperation
 with the Company After Termination of Employment 

Following
termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters relating
to the winding up of Executive s pending work on behalf of the Company including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the
Company is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to other employees of the Company as may be designated by the
Company. Following any notice of termination of employment by either the Company or Executive, the Company shall be entitled to such
full time or part time services of Executive as the Company may reasonably require during all or any part of the sixty (60)-day period
following any notice of termination, provided that Executive shall be compensated for such services at the same rate as in effect immediately
before the notice of termination. 

9. Notice 

All
notices, requests and other communications pursuant to this Agreement shall be sent by overnight mail or by electronic mail with proof
of receipt to the following addresses: 

If
to Executive: 

Ketan
Thakker 

 118
E. Washington St. 

 Itasca,
IL 60143 

 Email:
Kmirani2001@gmail.com 

If
to the Company: 

RDE,
Inc. 

 5880
Live Oak Pkwy 

 Suite
100 

 Norcross,
GA 30093 

 Attn:
Aaron Horowitz, General Counsel 

 email:
ahorowitz@restaurant.com 

10. Waiver
 of Breach 

Any
waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall not be construed to be a continuing waiver or consent to any subsequent breach on the part
of either Executive or of the Company. 

- 7 - 

11. Non-Assignment
 / Successors 

Neither
party hereto may assign his/her or its rights or delegate his/hers or its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent
of the other party; provided, however, that (i) this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns
of the Company upon any sale or all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or upon any merger, consolidation or reorganization
of the Company with or into any other corporation, all as though such successors and assigns of the Company and their respective successors
and assigns were the Company; and (ii) this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, assigns or designees
of Executive to the extent of any payments due to them hereunder. As used in this Agreement, the term Company shall be
deemed to refer to any such successor or assign of the Company referred to in the preceding sentence. 

12. Severability 

To
the extent any provision of this Agreement or portion thereof shall be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be considered deleted there
from and the remainder of such provision and of this Agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue in full force and effect. 

13. Counterparts 

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. 

14. Arbitration

Executive
and the Company shall submit to mandatory and exclusive binding arbitration, any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to,
this Agreement or any breach hereof where the amount in dispute is greater than or equal to 50,000, provided , however ,
that the parties retain their right to, and shall not be prohibited, limited or in any other way restricted from, seeking or obtaining
equitable relief from a court having jurisdiction over the parties. In the event the amount of any controversy or claim arising out of,
or relating to, this Agreement, or any breach hereof, is less than 50,000, the parties hereby agree to submit such claim to mediation.
Such arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted through the American Arbitration Association AAA in Atlanta, Georgia, before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes
of the American Arbitration Association in effect at that time. The parties may conduct only essential discovery prior to the hearing,
as defined by the AAA arbitrator. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision which contains the essential findings and conclusions
on which the decision is based. Mediation shall be governed by, and conducted through, the AAA. Judgment upon the determination or award
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 

15. Entire
 Agreement 

This
Agreement and all schedules and other attachments hereto constitute the entire agreement by the Company and Executive with respect to
the subject matter hereof and, except as specifically provided herein, supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between
Executive and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral. This Agreement may be amended or modified
only by a written instrument executed by Executive and the Company. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

- 8 - 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date above 

RDE, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Aaron Horowitz 

Title: 
 General Counsel 

Ketan Thakker 

[ Signature
Page to Ketan Thakker Executive Employment Agreement ] 

- 9 - 

E xhibit
 A 

Employee
Proprietary Information, Inventions, and Non-Competition Agreement 

- 10 - 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 ex10-6.htm

Exhibit
10.6 

(xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) 
 Proprietary and Confidential 

Order
Form No. 5 

This
 Order Form is incorporated by reference to the Supplier Agreement between (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) xxxxxxxx and
Restaurant.com, Inc. Company ), dated as of December 20, 2016, as amended (collectively, the Agreement ),
and constitutes a binding agreement between (xxxxxxxx) and Company. By signing below, including signing electronically, (xxxxxxxx) and
Company indicate that they have read, accepted, and agreed to the Agreement on behalf of, and as an authorized representative of, (xxxxxxxx)
and Company respectively. This Order Form becomes effective between (xxxxxxxx) and Company as of the date signed by (xxxxxxxx) Order
Form Effective Date ). 

Company
 Obligations and Detailed Description of the Offer (the Offer ): 
 
 Company
 will provide an Offer as set forth below. The Offer will consist of unique codes redeemable on Company s site made available
 to App users using the App. 

Company
 Products and Participation: 
 
 Company
 will provide Coupon Codes for App users that are (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx) through (xxxxxxxx) promo redemption site to redeem
 on Company s website or app to receive a Company dining credit of 25.00 and two movie tickets up to 15/ticket. The Company
 dining credit can be redeemed for a certificate to any individual participating local restaurant. The movie tickets provided
 by Company under this Order Form are through (xxxxxxxx) for use at participating theaters. 

Offer
 Exclusions or Restrictions 
 
 Offer
 valid in United States only; limited availability in Alaska and Hawaii. Not available in Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. Cannot
 be stacked with other offers, coupons, discounts or promotions. 

Approved
 Marketing Claims for Offer 
 
 Enjoy
 a night out with 2 movie tickets (up to 15/ticket) and a 25 Restaurant.com credit. 

Shipping
 or Service Costs 
 
 N/A

Coupon
 Code: 
 
 A
 unique numerical code provided by Company to (xxxxxxxx), each of which is redeemable for an Offer. 

Coupon
 Code Unit: 
 
 Free
 Restaurant.com 25 dining credit and two movie tickets 

Number
 of Coupon Codes provided by Company: 

(xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx)
 (xxxxxxx) plus 10 test codes. 

(xxxxxxxx)
 reserves the right to request additional codes at no additional cost. 

Coupon
 Code Redemption Method(s): 

In
 Company app: Yes 

On Company web site: Yes 
 Redemption URL: http://www.restaurant.com/movie 

Multiple
 Codes Per User (Y/N) 
(If Yes, Maximum Per User): 
 
 Can
 a single User redeem more than one code on the same Offer? No (Maximum codes per user: 1) 

Authorized
 Promotion Period: 
 
 Promotion
 will be active 05/3/2022, 05:00:00 a.m. ET through 05/10/2022, 04:59:59 a.m. ET. Authorized Promotion Period may be extended to
 05/17/2022, 04:59:59 a.m. ET via email notification from (xxxxxxxx) to Company sent no later than May 9, 2022. Dates subject to
 change. 

Activation
 Date: Date the Offer become available for customers to claim in the App 
 
 5/3/2022,
05:00:00 a.m. ET. Date subject to change. 

Save-By
 Date: 
 Date
 Offer must be claimed 
 in
 the App 
 
 05/10/2022,
4:59:59 a.m. ET. Save-By Date may be extended to 05/17/2022, 04:59:59 a.m. ET via email notification from (xxxxxxxx) to Company sent
no later than May 9, 2022. Date subject to change. 

Redeem-By
 Date: Date that Offer must be redeemed on (xxxxxxxx) redemption site 
 
 05/10/2022,
 4:59:59 a.m. ET. Redeem-By Date may be extended to 05/17/2022, 04:59:59 a.m. ET via email notification from (xxxxxxxx)
 to Company sent no later than May 9, 2022. Date subject to change. 

Marketing (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Order Form Page 1 of 4 

(xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Inc. 
 Proprietary and Confidential 

Company-Side
 Redemption Date: 
 Date
 customer must use Coupon Code once saved to an account on Company s platform 
 
 07/31/2022,
11:59:59 p.m. ET. 

Method
 of Code delivery from Company to (xxxxxxxx): 
 
 Codes will be delivered
 to (xxxxxxxx) as requested. 

Description
 of Company s Customer Support SLAs: 
 
 When
 Company identifies an issue from their end: 
 
 For
 any service impacting issue discovered by the Company, they must: 

Provide
immediate notification to (xxxxxxxx) 

Provide a preliminary root cause analysis of the outage findings within 24 hours 

Provide final root cause analysis within 48 hours of the outage 

List out potential risks / pitfalls that apply if service has been interrupted 

When
 Company has been notified of an outage or customer impacting issue: 
 
 Company
 shall respond to any ticket from (xxxxxxxx)/(xxx) by: Priority Levels Critical: Extremely high number of users or issue that needs
 resolution today based on expiration date of today. 

Response
Time: 30 Minutes 

Issue Resolved: 1 Hours 

High:
 High volume of tickets and/or issue that needs resolution in next 24 hours based on offer expiration date. 

Response
Time: 2 Hours 

Issue Resolved: 2-4 Hours 

Med:
 Medium amount of tickets or issue that needs resolution in the next 48 hours based on offer expiration date. 

Response Time: 4 Hours 

Issue Resolved: 8-12 Hours 

Low:
 Low amount of tickets or issue that needs resolution in the next >= 72 hours based on offer expiration date. 

Response Time: 24 Hour 

Issue Resolved: 24-48 Hours 

Method
 for Consumer to Reach Company s Customer Support: 
 
 Email: questions@restaurant.com
 
Phone: 745-888-6989 

Required
Company Availability for Support to (xxxxxxxx) from Code Activation Date through Company-Side Redemption Date 
 
 Marketing
 5:00 am ET 6:00 pm ET (on-call resource after 6:00 pm ET) 
 Primary
 Contact Name: Tim Miller 
 Primary
 Contact Phone: 630-207-7187 
 Primary
 Contact Email: tmiller@restaurant.com 
 
 On-call
 Contact Name: Lisa Nason 
 On-call
 Contact Phone: 847-528-4018 
 On-call
 Contact Email: lnason@restaurant.com 
 
 Technical
 Support 5:00 am ET 6:00 pm ET (on-call resource after 6:00 pm ET) 
 Primary
 Contact Name: Tim Miller 
 Primary
 Contact Phone: 630-207-7187 
 Primary
 Contact Email: tmiller@restaurant.com 
 
 On-call
 Contact Name: Tim Mrazek 
 On-call
 Contact Phone: 815-762-0291 
 On-call
 Contact Email: tmrazek@restaurant.com 

Marketing (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Order Form Page 2 of 4 

(xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Inc. 
 Proprietary and Confidential 

Total
 dollar amount owed to Company: 
 Combined
total of any Sweepstakes and Code Redemption Costs 
 
 (xxxxxxxx)
 will pay Company (xxxxxx) per redeemed code. 
 
 Estimated
 forecast total : (xxxxxxxxxxx) (xxxxxxx) redemptions) 

Invoice Requirements 
 
 Please
 direct invoices to (xxxxxxxx) in Ariba to: (xxxxxxxxxxxx) 
 (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) 

Dollar
 amount owed to (xxxxxxxx) for Bounty or Commission: 
 
 N/A

Additional
 Payment Terms: 
 
 Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in Section 2(b) Payment Terms of the Agreement, additional Payment Terms for this Order Form only are as
 follows: 

5/3/2022: (xxxxxxxx) will pay Company (xxxxxxx) lump sum on May 3, 2022, to assist with the hard upfront costs to purchase movie tickets
from (xxxxxxxx). This lump sum will cover approximately the first (xxxxx) redemptions. 

If for any unforeseen reason, this Offer doesn t reach
(xxxxx) redemptions, Company will reimburse (xxxxxxxx) for the unused amount from the initial payment of (xxxxxxxxx). 

5/17/2022: (xxxxxxxx) will pay Company 50 of final redemptions
Net 15 days from the day Company uploads an invoice into (xxxxxxxx) designated billing and payment system, and the remaining 50 of final
redemptions Net 45 days from the day Company uploads an invoice into (xxxxxxxx) designated billing and payment system. 

Offer
 Financials: 
 
 For
 redemption-based billing, under no circumstances will (xxxxxxxx) pay for a quantity of redemptions claimed by Company greater than
 the number of redemptions captured in (xxxxxxxx) promo redemption site. 

Additional
 Offer Requirements: 
 
 N/A 

Offer
Reporting Requirements: 
 
 Company
 agrees to provide the following reporting KPIs: 
 
 During
 the time the code(s) are active: 
 
 1.
 Daily number of redemptions for the previous day. 
 
 After
 the close of the Authorized Promotion Period: 
 
 1. Total
 number of redemptions. 
 2. List
 of coupon codes redeemed and their redemption time stamp 
 3. Value
 of each transactions associated with redemption (total order value) 
 4. Location
 by ZIP code or market of redemptions 
 5. Count
 of existing customer redemptions 
 6. Count
 of new customer redemptions 
 
 (xxxxxxxx)
 agrees to provide the following to Company after close of Authorized Promotion Period: 
 
 1.
 Total SMS/redemptions delivered. 
 
 All
 reports must be provided within five (5) business days of Coupon Code expiration or the end of the Authorized Promotion Period, whichever
 comes first. 
 
 Additional
 reports: If Company will be providing a bounty or commission to (xxxxxxxx), Company will provide reports that include the applicable
 data points to determine the amounts due to (xxxxxxxx) (i.e. conversions to paid subscriptions, commission basis, etc.). Reports
 will be due on a monthly basis unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. 

Deadlines

Creative 
 Company to release final creative no later than 2 weeks prior to Code Activation Date. 

Codes 

Company to release final codes no later than 2 weeks prior to Code Activation Date. 

Marketing (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Order Form Page 3 of 4 

(xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Inc. 
 Proprietary and Confidential 

ACCEPTED
AND AGREED AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE: 

(xxxxxxxxxxxx) ,
INC. 

RESTAURANT.COM, INC. 

By: 

By: 
 //s/ Tim Miller 
 
 Name: 

Name: 
 Tim
 Miller 
 
 Title: 

Title: 
 VP 

Date Signed: 

Date Signed: 
 4/21/2022 

Marketing (xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx) Order Form Page 4 of 4 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Ketan Thakker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of RDE, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March
 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ketan Thakker 

Ketan Thakker 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Ketan Thakker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of RDE, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March
 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ketan Thakker 

Ketan Thakker 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certifications
of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of RDE,
Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ketan Thakker 

Ketan Thakker 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer,
 and Director 

The
certifications set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and
shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall
they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to RDE, Inc., and will be retained by RDE, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Certifications
of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of RDE,
Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date: March
 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ketan Thakker 

Ketan Thakker 

Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer, and Director 

The
certifications set forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and
shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall
they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to RDE, Inc., and will be retained by RDE, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rstn-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rstn-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rstn-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rstn-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

