<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1843988_0001493152-23-009153.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4242752</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>372817</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>754963</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1229805</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>870862</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>916635</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009153.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327172949
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			two
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843988
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981577238
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40292
		FILM NUMBER:		23765555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 KEARNY ST STE 610
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-480-1752

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 KEARNY ST STE 610
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94133

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009153.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol: 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

At
March 24, 2023, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by
persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, was approximately based on the last reported sales price of 10.22
on the New York Stock Exchange. 

As
of March 24, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 3 

PART I 
 5 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 49 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 

PART II 
 50 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 51 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 57 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 58 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 58 

PART III 
 59 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 66 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 

PART IV 
 70 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 70 

SIGNATURES 
 71 

2 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Companies
 Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be
 amended from time to time; 

company, 
 we, us, our, or our company are to
 two, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

founders 
 are to Kevin E. Hartz (Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director), Gautam Gupta (Co-Chief Executive
 Officer), Troy B. Steckenrider III (Chief Financial Officer), and Eugene Spike 
 Lipkin; 

founder
 shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private
 placement prior to this offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon
 the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business
 combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public
 shares 

initial
 shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation
 of this offering; 

ordinary
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

our
 founding team are to our executive officers and directors; 

private
 placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares to be issued to our sponsor in
 a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering and upon conversion
 of working capital loans, if any (for the avoidance of doubt, such private placement shares
 will not be public shares 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and founding
 team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our founding team purchase public shares,
 provided that our sponsor s and each member of our founding team s status as
 a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares; and 

sponsor 
 are to two sponsor, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities
laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate partner business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective partner business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

3 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective partner businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results
or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

4 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Objective 

We
intend to partner with founders, operators, and entrepreneurs to build great companies that advance the technology industry, which we
refer to herein as the Innovation Economy, by offering an alternate path to the public markets. 

Overview 

We
intend to partner with founders, employees, and shareholders to provide capital and unlock liquidity in the long path to building an
enduring business. We believe that our approach, which allows private companies to access the public markets without requiring an initial
public offering (an IPO ), will help facilitate the discovery and development of distinct opportunities. Importantly, participation
in public markets will provide capital to support expansion, recruit talent and conduct M A. Increasingly, the Innovation Economy
drives the broader global economy. From 1999 to 2018, the domestic Innovation Economy GDP grew at a rate that was four times that of
the total domestic GDP growth rate over the same period. Ten years ago, Innovation Economy businesses represented two of the top ten
companies in the world by market capitalization. Today, the five largest companies in the world are members of the Innovation Economy.
The continued formation and growth of private technology business, cultivated through entrepreneurship, and funded by venture capital
and other forms of private market capital has been driving the expansion of public technology companies. 

While
some private companies ultimately go public, the time to an IPO for many technology companies has increased, with the median company
age at IPO rising from 4 years in 1999 to 11.5 years in 2019. Consequently, today there are over 200 private technology companies with
reported valuations in excess of 1 billion, versus 16 in 2010. In many instances, we believe that companies are experiencing significant
value creation prior to IPOs, impacting value appreciation to investors once these companies enter the public markets. We believe many
private technology companies today would benefit from access to the public markets, but have challenges associated with a traditional
IPO, including the timeline to complete the transaction, a business model that may be out-of-favor with traditional IPO investors, market
volatility, or the preferences of existing private investors. 

We
believe we are entering a new era that will provide new ways to capitalize the businesses that are growing our economy. We believe they
will benefit from the democratized and open source nature of the public markets, which will surface novel perspectives and drive the
innovation cycle. We aspire to advance the Innovation Economy by offering an alternate path to becoming a public company. 

Our
Founders 

We
are builders. We have witnessed the emergence and expansion of the Internet as investors, operators, executives and board members. Our
founders have invested in great companies at their inception and early stages including PayPal, Trulia, Airbnb, Pinterest, and Opendoor.
We are also entrepreneurs: Kevin E. Hartz, our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer, co-founded Xoom, which went public in 2013
before being acquired by PayPal in 2015, and Eventbrite, which went public in 2018. Gautam Gupta, our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive
Officer, was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Opendoor from 2017 to 2020 and held several positions, including
Head of Finance, at Uber from 2013 to 2017. Troy B. Steckenrider III, our Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer, was the first finance
hire at Opendoor, a real estate platform. Spike Lipkin, our Co-Founder, co-founded Newfront Insurance, a technology-enabled insurance
brokerage. 

We
are students of technology, driven by the great challenges of our time, and inspired by the great founders of this era. Mr. Hartz and
Mr. Steckenrider are Co-Founders and, respectively, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of one AONE ),
and with AONE Co-Founder Mr. Lipkin and with Mr. Gupta, are Directors of AONE, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its
initial public offering in August 2020, in which it sold 21,500,000 units, each unit consisting of one AONE Class A ordinary share and
one-fourth of one redeemable warrant, at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 215,000,000. On July
14, 2021, AONE consummated its business combination with MarkForged, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NYSE:MKFG). 

Kevin
E. Hartz is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer and serves on our board of directors. He is an experienced entrepreneur, company
executive, and investor with deep expertise in the technology sector. Mr. Hartz is the Co-Founder, Chairman, and former Chief Executive
Officer of Eventbrite (NYSE: EB), a global self-service ticketing platform with over 300 million tickets distributed to more than four
million experiences in 2019. Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they
love. Prior to founding Eventbrite, Mr. Hartz was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Xoom, a leader and pioneer in the online
consumer-to-consumer international money transfer industry serving over 160 countries worldwide. Xoom was a publicly traded company prior
to being acquired by PayPal in 2015 for 1.1 billion. Over the course of his career, Mr. Hartz invested in PayPal, Trulia, Airbnb, Pinterest,
Uber, and Opendoor among others. Mr. Hartz received a Bachelor of Arts and Science degree in History and Applied Earth Sciences from
Stanford University and a Master s degree from University College, Oxford University. 

5 

Gautam
Gupta is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Gupta served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business
Officer at Opendoor.com (NASDAQ: OPEN) from October 2019 to September 2020, and was Opendoor s Chief Operating Officer from July
2017 to October 2019. From April 2013 to July 2017, Mr. Gupta held various positions at Uber, most recently as Head of Finance. From
July 2007 to April 2013, Mr. Gupta worked at Goldman Sachs, initially as an Associate and later as a Vice President. Mr. Gupta holds
an MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from Nanyang Technological University. 

Troy
B. Steckenrider III is our Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Steckenrider was Chief Operating Officer of ZeroDown,
a fractional home ownership service. Prior to that, Mr. Steckenrider was Director of Capital Markets at Opendoor, a real estate platform,
where he was responsible for building out corporate infrastructure and supporting the company s growth. Earlier in his career,
Mr. Steckenrider was on the private equity investment team at Bain Capital and served a wide variety of clients while at McKinsey 
Company. Mr. Steckenrider received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Dartmouth College and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
He is a CFA charterholder. 

Our
Independent Directors 

Pierre
Lamond serves as Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Lamond is an experienced investor, serving as a General Partner at Sequoia
Capital from January 1982 to December 2008, where he played a pivotal role in the expansion of the semiconductor, systems and software
portfolios. While at Sequoia Capital, he served as chairman of the board of directors of Cypress Semiconductor, Microchip Semiconductor,
Vitesse Semiconductor, Open Silicon Inc., Redback Networks, Verisity and Plumtree and served as a member of the board of directors of
Mellanox Technologies and Xoom. From March 2009 to December 2014, Mr. Lamond was a General Partner at Khosla Ventures. From October 2015
to present, Mr. Lamond has been a partner at Eclipse Ventures. Mr. Lamond is also a pioneer of the semiconductor industry. From February
1966 to August 1981, Mr. Lamond co-founded and held various positions at the National Semiconductor Corporation, including Vice President
and General Manager, Integrated Circuits and Chief Technology Officer and Vice President, General Manager of Advanced Products. Prior
to that, Mr. Lamond oversaw the development of the advanced high-frequency transistor and the first generation of digital integrated
circuits at Fairchild Semiconductor from June 1961 to February 1966. Mr. Lamond holds an MSEE and an MS in Physics from the University
of Toulouse, France. 

Michelle
Gill was previously the EVP and Group Business Unit Leader for Lending and Capital Markets at Social Finance Inc. (SoFi), which
she joined in April 2018 initially as SoFi s Chief Financial Officer. From July 2017 to April 2018, Ms. Gill was a Managing Director
in the US Assets Business at Sixth Street Partners. From February 2003 to April 2017, Ms. Gill served in various roles at Goldman Sachs,
most recently as a partner, co-heading the Structured Finance business. During her time at Goldman Sachs, Ms. Gill held numerous roles
including running the Mortgage Finance business, starting and running a Re-Structuring team during the 2008 Global Financial Crisis,
and running Whole Loan trading before ultimately co-heading the Structured Finance business. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Ms. Gill held positions
at Lehman Brothers and Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft. Ms. Gill holds a JD from Cornell Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from the
University of California at Los Angeles. 

Ryan
Petersen Mr. Petersen has served as the founder and CEO of Flexport, a technology platform for global trade, since April 2013.
Prior to starting Flexport, Mr. Petersen was the founder and CEO of ImportGenius, a provider of transaction data for the global trade
industry. He has experience investing in numerous technology companies. He earned a BA from the University of California at Berkeley
and an MBA from Columbia Business School. 

Business
Strategy 

We
believe that talent is evenly distributed across the globe, but opportunity is not. We are dedicated to finding bold founders, operators,
and inventors who are committed to building an enduring business and would benefit from the democratized and open source nature of public
markets as well as working with our team of founders and advisors. 

6 

We
have a proven record of success in the technology industry as founders, investors, operators, executives, and board members and are confident
that we can partner with other founders and leaders and provide support to build and scale a category-defining business. We believe we
possess the following tools to drive value creation at a company: 

Experience
in recognizing key technology trends: Our founding team has demonstrated consistent prowess in identifying and investing in major
technological trends, such as the proliferation of online payments in the financial industry, the sharing economy and its impacts on
mobility and lodging, and the power of the Internet in enabling online real estate transactions. In some instances, our team s
identification and investment in a company, based on the belief that the company was poised to benefit from an identified technological
trend, pre-dated revenue and represented some of the earliest outside capital to support business growth. We believe our experiences
and track record of identifying and participating in key technology trends provides us with a distinct advantage in the successful selection
of our initial business combination and subsequent guidance of a company. 

Experience
identifying strong management teams: The members of our founding team have invested in many successful founder-led businesses and
have successfully backed teams entering new industries based on our assessments of their capability and business acumen. We believe we
have a deep understanding of the characteristics of talented business leaders and are effective in identifying and engaging with these
management teams. 

History
of operating experience: The members of our founding team are seasoned operators having all held executive level roles in various
companies. We have experience in developing and executing strategy, building and retaining teams, and executing business combinations
among other activities. 

Deep
network and connections to company founders: Our founding team has numerous existing connections to company founders and business
leaders across sectors within the technology industry. We have invested in many companies, served on many boards and have worked alongside
many of the influential professionals within the technology industry. We believe our network and our connections will assist in the selection
of our initial business combination partner and subsequent guidance of the company. 

Experience
as a public company: Our founding team has co-founded three public companies and served on multiple public company boards. We have
experience operating businesses at scale and within the frameworks and regulation of public markets. 

Following
the completion of this offering, we will communicate with our founding team s network, which includes private equity firms, venture
capitalists, entrepreneurs and business leaders, to articulate the parameters for our search for a partner company and a potential business
combination partner and to begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective partner businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide
to enter into our initial business combination with a partner business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Focus:
 We intend to seek companies in the technology industry. We have an accomplished track
 record of founding, operating, and investing in this industry and expect to focus on businesses
 that engage with technology to serve customers in a novel and transformational manner. We
 believe our founding team s expertise and understanding of innovative businesses will
 be paramount in identifying and assessing initial business combination candidates. 

Stage:
 We intend to seek companies that have potential to, are poised to, or are currently undergoing
 rapid adoption, implementation, or distribution of their offering. We believe that our founding
 team s collective experiences engaging with innovative businesses positions us well
 to identify, nurture, and expand high potential businesses. 

7 

Management
 Team: We intend to seek companies with experienced, dynamic management teams, many of
 whom will be founders of the businesses themselves. We intend to devote significant resources
 to analyzing and reaching alignment with a partner company s management and its stakeholders
 and expect to work closely and collaboratively with the management team to arrive at a mutually
 satisfactory outcome. 

Opportunity
 to add value: We intend to seek businesses in which we believe we can add operational
 value through mentorship of management, knowledge of operating challenges, experience with
 industry dynamics, expertise in navigating public markets, and strategic relationships with
 investors, among others. 

Growth:
 We intend to invest in businesses that are on, or have the potential to be on, what we
 believe to be a promising growth path. We believe that these businesses, in particular, will
 benefit from access to incremental capital and over the long term, will benefit from consistent
 access to public markets. We will seek businesses that have a sustainable competitive advantage
 that will support and sustain our expectations of their the growth. 

Benefit
 from being public: We intend to work with management and stakeholders who aspire to have
 their company become a public entity and generate substantial growth. The benefits to partner
 companies of transitioning from a private to a public entity may include broader access to
 debt and equity providers, liquidity for employees and potential acquisitions and expanded
 branding in the marketplace. 

Reputation
 and market acceptance: We intend to seek companies with a sizable market share in their
 segment and the opportunity to achieve market leadership. They should also have defensible
 proprietary technology and intellectual property rights. 

Appropriate
 valuations: We are rigorous, disciplined, and valuation-centric investors, with a keen
 understanding of market value, upside and potential downside risks. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any valuation relating to the merits of a particular business combination may be based, to
the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a partner business that does not meet the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the partner business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related
to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this prospectus, would be in the form of proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective partner business, we expect to conduct a due diligence
review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers
and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
NYSE rules and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that our initial business combination must be
with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account
(net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount). We refer to this as the 80 net assets test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of the partner business or businesses or we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.,
or FINRA, or an independent valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our shareholders may not
be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 

8 

While
we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a partner business
or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the partner company s business, there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an
early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized
skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion,
if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the partner business meets the 80 of net assets test, unless such opinion
includes material information regarding the valuation of a partner business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated
that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement
that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the partner business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the partner business in order to meet certain objectives of the partner management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the partner or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partner sufficient for it not to be required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the partner, our shareholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the partner and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new
shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a partner. In this case, we would acquire
a 100 controlling interest in the partner. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to the completion of our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a partner business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired
is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one partner business,
the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the partner businesses and we will treat the partner businesses
together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. 

Other
Considerations 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our
sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business
combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any
other context. 

Officers
and members of our board of directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement shares following this offering
and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular partner business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with
respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be
included by a partner business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The
members of our founding team presently have, and may in the future have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities,
including to other special purpose acquisition companies, investment funds, investment accounts, co-investment vehicles, and to entities
in which they have invested. A-Star Investments, LLC, our sponsor and members of our founding team may sponsor or form other special
purpose acquisition companies similar to ours, and may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are
seeking an initial business combination. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to
pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunity. None of our founders, directors or officers have any
obligation to present us with any business opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, and may choose
to present such opportunities to other entities, or be required to do so, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law and other applicable law, or his or her contractual obligations to any such entity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company, and the opportunity is one
that we would be able to complete on a reasonable basis. Accordingly, there may arise conflicts of interest in whether to present a potential
business combination opportunity to our company. 

9 

In
addition, the members of our founding team are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

We
do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of the members of our founding team will materially affect
our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 900 Kearny Street, Suite 610, San Francisco, California 94133. We will maintain a corporate website
at www.a-star.co. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain
is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied
for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions
Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman
Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part
of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or
other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

10 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Our
logo and our other registered or common law trademarks, servicemarks, or trade names appearing in this prospectus are the property of
two. Other trademark and trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for a business combination immediately after our initial public offering in the amount of 214,375,000, exclusive of
funds held outside the trust account to meet our expected working capital requirements and after payment of the expenses of our initial
public offering and before the payment of approximately 7.5 million of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a partner business a variety
of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations
or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using
our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination
that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the partner business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not
taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time, other than the identification
and consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be
paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may
be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such
companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemptions of our public shares, we may apply
the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. 

In
the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or we decide to
do so for business or other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to
raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Lack
of business diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. 

11 

By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of
risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. 

Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

Limited
ability to evaluate the partner s management team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
the rules of the NYSE, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be
 equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding
 or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the rules of the
 NYSE) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets
 to be acquired and if the number of ordinary shares to be issued, or if the number of ordinary
 shares into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1 
 of the number of ordinary shares or 1 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance
 in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5 of the number of ordinary shares
 or 5 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial
 security holders; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

12 

Permitted
purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including
with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into
transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of
our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to
engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from
making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business
combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote
against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the
purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of any such transactions could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a partner business
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of
beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our
receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer
or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only
if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price
and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases
do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

13 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered
for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in
order to validly redeem its shares. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations
on redemptions 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5.0 million (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the partner or its
owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the partner for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of
cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Manner
of conducting redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (1) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (2) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or
we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

14 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our ordinary shares in the open market,
in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or
cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more
shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to
obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

We
expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we
expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently
intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we
are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law (approval by a majority of shareholders), and in some cases, matters related to our initial business combination may require
us to receive an extraordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law (approval by two-thirds of shareholders). In connection with any such
vote of shareholders, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their
permitted transferees will agree) to vote their founder shares, private placement shares (which were forfeited by Sponsor on December
30, 2022) and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
founder shares, we would need (a) in the case of an ordinary resolution, (i) 8,039,063, or 37.5 of the public shares to be voted in
favor of such matter, assuming all issued and outstanding shares were voted) or (ii) would not require any public shares to be voted
in favor if only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum were voted, and (b) in the case of an extraordinary resolution, (i)
12,505,209, or 58.3 of the public shares to be voted in favor of such matter, assuming all issued and outstanding shares were voted)
or (ii) 595,487, or 2.8 of the public shares to be voted in favor if only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum were voted.
Additionally, our directors and officers also have agreed to vote any shares owned by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

15 

Each
public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Redemptions of our public shares may also
be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination.
For example, the proposed business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to
be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business
combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead
may search for an alternate business combination. 

Limitation
on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business
combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased
by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders 
ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small
group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection
with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of
cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering
share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights 

We
may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve
the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial
business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements,
which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly,
a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up
to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender
its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be
not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders
at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders
well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

16 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Redemption
of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination 

Our
sponsor, directors and officers have agreed that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete
our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such 24-month period or during any
Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay winding up and dissolution expenses
and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our
initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period. 

Our
sponsor, directors and officers have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
following such redemptions. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the proceeds held outside the trust. Our sponsor, directors and officers have agreed that we will
have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

17 

Although
we seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses
and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such
agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our founding team will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if our founding team believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by our founding team to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where our founding team is unable to find a service
provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in
the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as
a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partner business with which we have
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if
less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn
to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and
our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related
to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share
redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our
initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000
from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares with which to pay any such potential claims
(including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). 

18 

If
we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if
we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 

As
a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing
itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class
A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion
of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote
described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion
of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class
A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

19 

Facilities 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 900 Kearny Street, Suite 610, San Francisco, California 94133. The cost for this space is
included in the 10,000 per month fee that we will pay our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that
any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Legal
proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such. 

Item
1A. Risk
 Factors 

Risk
Factor Summary 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in the report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the
 closing of our initial public offering (that is no later than April 1, 2023), may give potential
 partner businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination. 

Since
 our sponsor, executive officers and directors, will lose their entire investment in us if
 our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares
 they acquired during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise
 in determining whether a particular business combination partner is appropriate for our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and each member
 of our founding team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
 of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a partner. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

20 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your stock. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the
 closing may give potential partner businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
 combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential
 business combination partners, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which
 could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce
 value for our shareholders. 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
 with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
 such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
 are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking
 firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price
 we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

We
 may engage in a business combination with one or more partner businesses that have relationships
 with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial
 shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We
 may only be able to complete one business combination with the net proceeds of our initial
 public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, which will cause us to be solely
 dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
 lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Our
 executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing
 conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
 This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 executive officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional,
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company,
 and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
 business opportunity should be presented. 

Because
 we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting
 your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may
 be limited. 

Risks
Relating to Our Structure and Operations 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering (that
is no later than April 1, 2023) may give potential partner businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may
limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination partners, in particular as we approach our
dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value
for our shareholders. 

Any
potential partner business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 

Consequently,
such partner business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period with that particular partner business, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination with any partner business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition,
we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

21 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which
case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable partner business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing
of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. These and other factors could limit our
ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity
and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact
businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we
will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes,
if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Law
of the Cayman Islands to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the
liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public
share, on the redemption of their shares. 

If
we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders
may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our
public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically
by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required
to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering before the redemption proceeds of our
trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account.
We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate
our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and
only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will
public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands to commence the
voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

22 

Since
our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to public shares they acquired after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination partner is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
January 21, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, for certain offering costs in consideration for 5,750,000
founder shares, of which 750,000 were subject to forfeiture to the extent the underwriter did not fully exercise its over-allotment option.
On March 8, 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Michelle Gill, Ryan Petersen and Laura de Petra, and 30,000
founder shares to Pierre Lamond. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets,
tangible or intangible. The per-share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by
the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition,
our sponsor purchased 600,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, at a price of 10.00 per share in a private placement which occurred concurrently
with the closing of our initial public offering, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,000,000, and an additional 28,750 private placement
shares in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, for an aggregate purchase price of 287,500.
Following the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited 390,625 of its founder shares.
If we do not consummate an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement shares
will have minimal, if any, value. In addition, because of the 0.004 per share purchase price paid by our sponsor for each founder share
and the 10.00 price paid for each private placement share, an initial business combination resulting in a Class A Ordinary Share price
that is even significantly less than the 10.00 per Class A Ordinary Share redemption price would still be a very favorable transaction
for our sponsor. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may conflict with and influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a partner business combination and completing an initial business combination. This risk may become more
acute as the 24-month deadline nears. 

We
have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because
we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our
initial business combination with one or more partner businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
partner business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by our founding team or their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our founding team or their affiliates is presented for informational purposes
only. Any past experience of and performance by our founding team or their affiliates, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be
able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial
business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our founding team or any of their affiliates 
as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Our
shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our
initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder
approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons. For instance, NYSE rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still
require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a partner
business as consideration in any business combination. 

23 

Therefore,
if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule,
the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we
may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the
business combination we consummate. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

Since
our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within
the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination partners, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a partner. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we
do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective partners will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the
deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with
an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect
our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

24 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease
(COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary
Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19,
and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential partner business with which we consummate a business
combination could be materially and adversely affected. 

Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 or other widespread health crises continue to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and potential variants and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its or their impact, among
others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity
and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and potential variants and other events, including as a result of increased market
volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase public shares, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
public shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares in such transactions. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (3) satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement with a partner that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our
initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers
are subject to such reporting requirements. 

25 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that
a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You
do not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an
initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to
redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a
shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares
or pre-initial business activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders
who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall
not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we
have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to
such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in
the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss. 

NYSE
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Although
we expect we will continue to meet the minimum continued listing standards set forth in NYSE s listing standards, our securities
may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on NYSE in the future or prior to the completion of our initial business combination. In
order to continue listing our securities on NYSE prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we must maintain certain
financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum level of global market capitalization (generally
 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). In connection with our initial business
combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NYSE. For instance, generally,
the required share price of our securities would be at least 4.00 per share with a global market capitalization of at least 150,000,000
and a market value of our publicly held shares of at least 40,000,000. We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

26 

If
NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our Class A ordinary shares
will be listed on NYSE, our Class A ordinary shares will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted
from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion
of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a
particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by
blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further,
if we were no longer listed on NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares are intended to be used to complete an initial
business combination with a partner business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under
the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement shares and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet,
demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule
419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have
a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial
public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account
to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell
Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares
if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and,
in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

27 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous partner
businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain partner businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain partner businesses.
Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial
business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Partner companies will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares not being held in the trust account are
insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount
available to fund our search for a partner business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on
loans from our sponsor or founding team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, approximately 1.4 million is available
to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust
account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their affiliates will be sufficient
to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering; however, our estimate may not
be accurate, and our sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their affiliates are under no obligation to advance funds to us
in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants
to assist us with our search for a partner business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep partner businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such partner businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive
exclusivity from a partner business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise),
we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a partner business. 

If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their
affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our founding team nor any
of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds
held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of
such loans may be convertible into shares of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the
lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor,
members of our founding team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide
a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less, on
our redemption of our public shares. 

28 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price
of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct due diligence on a partner business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular
partner business. In addition, factors outside of the partner business and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a partner business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors,
service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective partner businesses and other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such
agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our founders will perform an analysis of
the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if our founding
team believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by our founding team to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that
would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where our founding team is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we are required to provide
for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly,
the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the
trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement between us, our officers and directors and our sponsor,
our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective partner business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00
per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our
tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective partner business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. 

29 

However,
we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective partner businesses. 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE s rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

Prior
to our initial business combination only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As
a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of NYSE corporate governance standards.
Under these corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another
company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the
requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under the rules of NYSE; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors
 with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely
 of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose
 and responsibilities. 

We
have not utilized, and do not intend to utilize, these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of
the NYSE. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded
to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE s corporate governance requirements. 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our
sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim,
our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public
share. 

30 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing
itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. 

31 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are currently not subject to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have
not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as
further described herein. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require
additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not
complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

32 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of 18,293 and imprisonment for five
years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the NYSE s corporate governance requirements and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on the NYSE. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company
affairs with our founding team (and until our initial business combination, public shareholders will have no ability to vote on the election
of directors). Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and
each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. 

Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a partner business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific partner businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you are unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular partner business s
operations. 

We
may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with
nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular partner business, we may
not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a partner business. An investment in our securities may not ultimately prove to be more favorable than a direct investment,
if such opportunity were available, in a business combination partner. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers
or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under
securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

33 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our founders area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our founders area of expertise if a business combination partner is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our founding team endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination partner, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable than a direct
investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination partner. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside
of the areas of our founders expertise, our founders expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation,
and the information contained in this report regarding the areas of our founders expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our founding team may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the
significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

Although
we have identified general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective partner businesses, we may enter into our
initial business combination with a partner that does not meet such criteria, and as a result, the partner business with which we enter
into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria. 

Although
we have identified general criteria for evaluating prospective partner businesses, it is possible that a partner business with which
we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a partner that does not meet some or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a partner that does not
meet our general criteria, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us
to meet any closing condition with a partner business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition,
if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if
the partner business does not meet our general criteria. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance
from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting firm or independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

34 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. As of March [ ], 2023, there were 378,562,500 and 4,640,625 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class
B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount excludes shares reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our
initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no
preference shares issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon
conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides,
among other things, that prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle
the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal
presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our shareholders, which dilution would increase
 if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of
 Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B
 ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our
initial shareholders may receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares immediately following the consummation of our initial business
combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in
the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion
of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable
upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in
relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any private placement shares issued to our sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working
capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

35 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific partner business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific partner business,
we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event
will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section
of this report captioned Taxation-United States Federal Income Tax Considerations-U.S. Holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending
on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance
that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our
current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Moreover, our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until
after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide
to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information
statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be
no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the
possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Law, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the partner company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder
to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it
is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject
to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

In
particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize
and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands
or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the
United States or any state in the United States. 

36 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business
combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on
the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive
officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the partner business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the partner
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the partner business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a partner business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a partner business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to
be entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial
business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds
any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which is described under the section of this report entitled
 Description of Securities-Registration and Shareholder Rights. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective partner business and, as a result, may affect our initial business
combination with a partner business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective partner business, our ability to assess
the partner business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the partner business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the partner business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

37 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination partner s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
executive officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and
board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential partner business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us. 

In
addition, our founders and our directors and officers expect in the future to become affiliated with other public blank check companies
that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential partner
business may be presented to such other blank check companies, prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will provide that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, any business combination opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for both us and another
relevant entity, or such entities have invested, about which any of our officers or directors acquires knowledge and we will waive any
claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition our amended and restated articles of association will contain provisions
to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to the
Company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business
opportunity. 

38 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are
a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a partner business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons
from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have
a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a partner
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable partner business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing
of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our best interests. If this were the case, and the directors fail to act
in accordance with their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. However,
we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more partner businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar
to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we are not specifically
focusing on, or pursuing, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we will pursue such a transaction if we determine that such affiliated
entity meets our criteria for a business combination and such transaction is approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent
valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one
or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We
may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our
leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt following our initial
public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed
that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption
from the trust account. 

Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

39 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares, inclusive of the over-allotment option,
 214,375,000 was available to complete our initial business combination (exclusive of funds held outside the trust account to meet our
expected working capital requirements and after the payment of the expenses of our initial public offering and before the payment of
 7,503,125 of deferred underwriting fees). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single partner business or multiple partner businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one partner business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several partner businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective partners, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively
impact our profitability and results of operations. 

40 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Our
founding team may not be able to maintain control of a partner business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
of a partner business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a partner business, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the partner or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the partner business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination
company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the partner, our shareholders prior to the completion of our initial business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the partner and
us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary
shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a partner. In this case, we would acquire
a 100 interest in the partner. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our founding team will not be able to maintain control of the partner business. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our founding team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular partner business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a partner business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

41 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in
no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5.0 million (so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial
business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments. We may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate a business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of
at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In addition, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to
fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered in our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption
from registration for, the affected securities. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of
a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at
a general meeting of the company. We may be able to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate
the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity
(including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares into the trust
account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described
herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and
vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our
trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B
ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially owned 20 of our Class
B ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may
be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination
behavior, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue
remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

42 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or
pre-initial business combination activity; unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary
shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes,
if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries
of, this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors
for any breach of this agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative
action, subject to applicable law. 

Our
letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our
letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares
and private placement shares, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions
from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction
not to transfer the founder shares for 180 days following the date of our initial public offering will require the prior written consent
of the underwriters). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business
combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders
and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a partner
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account. 

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares are sufficient to allow
us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective partner business we cannot ascertain
the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement shares prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a partner business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who
elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection
with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination.
Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make difficult for companies
to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial
business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and
seek an alternative partner business candidate. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the partner business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the partner business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

43 

Our
initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 21.8 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase additional Class A ordinary
shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our
knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in
this report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading
price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into
three classes, each of which serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not
hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all
of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general
meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered
for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares
will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly,
our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed
not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with partner business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective partner businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on our proposed business combination include historical and/or
pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and
the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential partner businesses we may acquire
because some partners may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal
proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, 
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less
attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would
be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

44 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100
million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is equal to or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a partner
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts
against our directors or officers. 

45 

Our
corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the
Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject
to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the
common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent
in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding
on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands
law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular,
the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may
have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

Shareholders
of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the Company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or
to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders,
but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed
to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of
the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy
of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court
may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by our founding team, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United
States company. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench our founding team. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals
that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability
of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion
of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of our founding team and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

46 

Risks
associated with acquiring and operating a business in foreign countries 

If
we pursue a partner company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect
such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a partner a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we
would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to
and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved
by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to United States tax
 laws; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

47 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

If
our founding team following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our founding team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the partner business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the partner business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive partner business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that partner business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a partner business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. partner, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any partner business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a partner
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

48 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination partner. Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

Item
1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
maintain our principal executive offices at 900 Kearny Street, Suite 610, San Francisco, California 94133. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal
 Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
4. Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

49 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
 Equity Securities 

(a) Market
 Information 

Our
Class A ordinary shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol TWOA, and commenced public trading on April 1, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On
March 21, 2022, there were two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares and five holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only
pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we
incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance
 Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f) Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. 

In
January 2021, our sponsor, paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, for 5,750,000 shares of our Class B ordinary shares. Such
securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. 

Our
sponsor, pursuant to a written agreement, purchased 628,750 private placement shares, at a price of 10.00 per share in private placements
occurring concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering and the underwriter s partial exercise of their over-allotment
option, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,287,500. 

These
issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
April 1, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 20,000,000 shares, and on April 13, 2021, issued 1,437,500 shares pursuant
to the underwriter s over-allotment option, in each case at an offering price of 10.00, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of 214,375,000. Citigroup acted as sole book running manager in the initial public offering. The securities sold in the initial public
offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253802), which the SEC declared effected
on March 29, 2021. 

50 

Substantially
concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering and with the underwriter s exercise of its over-allotment option,
we consummated private placements to our sponsor of an aggregate of 628,750 private placement shares, at a price of 10.00 per share,
generating gross proceeds of 6,287,500. In connection with the initial public offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately
 11.1 million (net of a required reimbursement from the underwriter), of which 7.0 million was for deferred underwriting commissions,
and in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option, additional offering costs of approximately 755,000 (net of a required
reimbursement from the underwriter), of which approximately 503,000 was for deferred underwriting fees. Other incurred offering costs
consisted principally of preparation fees related to the initial public offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions
(excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated)
and the initial public offering expenses, 214,375,000 of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and certain of the proceeds
from the private placement of the private placement shares to our sponsor (or 10.00 per unit sold in the initial public offering) was
placed in the trust account and is invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement as is described in
our final prospectus related to the initial public offering. For a description of the planned use of the proceeds generated from the
initial public offering and private placement, see Item 1. Business. 

(g) Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
to the Company, our, us or we refer to two. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about
future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited
to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

Overview

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 15, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated
with emerging growth companies. 

Our
sponsor is two sponsor, a Cayman Islands exempted limited company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial
Public Offering was declared effective March 29, 2021. On April 1, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Class
A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 200.0
million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 11.1 million (net of a required reimbursement from the underwriter), of which
 7.0 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). The underwriter was granted a 45-day option from the date of the
final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional shares to cover over-allotments, if any,
at 10.00 per share. The Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and on April 13, 2021 purchased an additional 1,437,500
Class A ordinary shares (the Additional Shares ), generating gross proceeds of approximately 14.4 million (the Over-Allotment ),
and we incurred additional offering costs of approximately 755,000 (net of a required reimbursement from the underwriter), of which
approximately 503,000 was for deferred underwriting fees. 

51 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 600,000 Class
A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares ), at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of approximately 6.0 million (see Note 4). Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment on April 13, 2021, we
consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional 28,750 Private Placement
Shares by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 287,500. On December 30, 2022, our Sponsor unconditionally and irrevocably
forfeited all 628,750 Private Placement Shares to our Company for no value and we cancelled the Private Placement Shares effective as
of the same date. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment, and the Private Placements, 214.4 million 10.00 per share) of the
net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Shares in the Private Placement
were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee, and will invest only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of
the Trust Account as described below. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete
one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

If
we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of
directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 336,000 in cash and a working deficit of approximately 187,000. 

Our
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through 25,000 paid by the Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance
of the Founder Shares, a loan of approximately 81,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 4), and the proceeds
from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account of 2.5 million (net of a required reimbursement from the
underwriter). We repaid the Note in full on April 5, 2021, and no additional borrowing is available under the Note. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

52 

Our
management has determined that we may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations through the earlier of our consummation
of an initial business combination or our liquidation date. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts
payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target
businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and
consummating the Business Combination. 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, our management has
determined that the liquidity issue and the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be
required to liquidate after April 1, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable
to continue as a going concern. We plan to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. 

Various
social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising
trade tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the United States
and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such
as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility
and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and
Ukraine, and resulting market volatility could adversely affect our ability to complete a business combination. In response to the conflict
between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia.
Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to complete a business combination and the value of the our securities. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of these types of risks on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
these types of risks could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company,
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from inception to December 31, 2022, was for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and subsequent to the Initial
Public Offering, the search for a target for its initial Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues until
the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 1.5 million, which consisted of approximately 2.9 million in income
from investments held in Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 1.2 million in general and administrative expenses, and 120,000
in administrative expenses-related party. 

For
the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 743,000, which consisted
of approximately 688,000 in general and administrative expenses, 90,000 in administrative expenses-related party, partially offset
by approximately 36,000 in income from investments held in Trust Account. 

53 

Related
Party Transactions 

Founder
Shares 

On
January 21, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover expenses in consideration for 5,750,000 Class
B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ). Up to 750,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 
of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On March 8, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares
to each of Michelle Gill, Ryan Petersen and Laura de Petra, and 30,000 Founder Shares to Pierre Lamond. Such shares were not subject
to forfeiture in the event the underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised. The underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment
option on April 13, 2021 and on April 19, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered 390,625 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration resulting
in 5,359,375 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding with no shares subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
(x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or
other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

Private
Placement Shares 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 600,000 Private Placement Shares, at a price
of 10.00 per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.0 million. A portion of the proceeds
from the Private Placement Shares was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Over-Allotment on April 13, 2021, we consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the
purchase of an aggregate of an additional 28,750 Private Placement Shares by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 287,500. 

The
Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement
Shares until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. On December 30, 2022, our Sponsor unconditionally and
irrevocably forfeited all 628,750 Private Placement Shares to our Company for no value and our Company cancelled the Private Placement
Shares effective as of the same date. 

Sponsor
Loan 

On
January 21, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was
non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 81,000 under the Note
and repaid the Note in full on April 5, 2021. No additional borrowing is available under the Note. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close,
we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement shares at a price of 10.00 per share. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any,
have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. 

54 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, and Class A ordinary shares that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon consummation of the Initial Public
Offering. These holders were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
addition, these holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed
subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per share, or 4.0 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per share, or approximately 7.0 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter
for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The
underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and was entitled to an additional fee of approximately 755,000 (net of a required
reimbursement from the underwriter), of which approximately 503,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions fees. 

Contingent
Fee Arrangement 

On
June 22, 2022, we entered arrangement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. Oppenheimer to obtain financial advisory services
and for Oppenheimer to act as the Company s placement agent in connection with raising capital with a specific target in its search
for a Business Combination. Oppenheimer would be entitled to a transaction fee of 7.0 million and a financing fee of 4.0 of the principal
balance placed, subject to a minimum fee of 2.0 million Arrangement ). Per the Arrangement, fees for these services are
contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and consummation of the financing and therefore they not included as liabilities
on the accompanying balance sheets. Under the arrangement, the Company will also reimburse Oppenheimer for reasonable expenses. As of
December 31, 2022, no expenses have been incurred. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

On
March 29, 2021, we entered into an agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which, commencing on the date our securities were first listed
on the New York Stock Exchange, we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. During the
year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 120,000
and 90,000, respectively, in expenses for these services, which is included in administrative expenses-related party on the accompanying
statement of operations. No amount was due as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

55 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (our Public Shares) in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480.
Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Public
Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 21,437,500 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. 

Under
ASC 480-10S99, we have elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of
the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period
as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares
resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, we recognized changes in the redemption
value as an increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as reflected on the accompanying statements
of changes in shareholders deficit. 

Investments
Held in the Trust Account 

Our
portfolio of investments is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and
generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised
of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are
comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds
are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in
fair value of these securities is included in income from investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations.
The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

Offering
Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Offering
costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that were directly related
to the Initial Public Offering and that were charged against the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in April 2021. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares, which assumes a business combination as the most likely outcome. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing
the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could potentially be exercised or converted
into ordinary shares and then share in our earnings. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from
earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Our
management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would
have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. 

56 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

JOBS
Act 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain
reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act
are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result,
the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company
effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference
is made to Pages F-1 through F-14 comprising a portion of this Report. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December
31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

57 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of our company, 

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
and 

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

58 

PART
III 

Item
 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
officers, directors and director nominees are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kevin E. Hartz 
 
 53 
 
 Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Gautam Gupta 
 
 42 
 
 Co-Founder, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Troy B. Steckenrider III 
 
 36 
 
 Co-Founder, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pierre Lamond 
 
 92 
 
 Director (Chairman of the Board) 
 
 Michelle Gill 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Ryan Petersen 
 
 42 
 
 Director 

Our
Founding Team 

Kevin
E. Hartz is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer and serves on our board of directors. He is an experienced entrepreneur,
company executive, and investor with deep expertise in the technology sector. He was also a Co-Founder, Director, and the Chief Executive
Officer of one , a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in August 2020, and consummated
its initial business combination with Markforged, Inc. (NYSE: MKFG) in July 2021. Mr. Hartz is the Co-Founder, Chairman, and former Chief
Executive Officer of Eventbrite (NYSE: EB), a global self-service ticketing platform with over 300 million tickets distributed to more
than 4 million experiences in 2019. Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of
what they love. Prior to founding Eventbrite, Mr. Hartz was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Xoom, a leader and pioneer
in the online consumer-to-consumer international money transfer industry serving over 160 countries worldwide. Xoom was a publicly traded
company acquired by PayPal in 2015 for 1.1 billion. Over the course of his career, Mr. Hartz invested in PayPal, Trulia, Airbnb, Pinterest,
Uber, and Opendoor among others. Mr. Hartz received a Bachelor of Arts and Science degree in History and Applied Earth Sciences from
Stanford University and a Master s degree from University College, Oxford University. 

We
believe that Mr. Hartz s broad operational and transactional experience makes him well qualified to serve as Co-Chief Executive
Officer and to serve on our board of directors. 

Gautam
Gupta is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. He was also a Director of one. Previously, Mr. Gupta served as the Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer at Opendoor.com (NASDAQ: OPEN) from October 2019 to September 2020, and was Opendoor s
Chief Operating Officer from July 2017 to October 2019. From April 2013 to July 2017, Mr. Gupta held various positions at Uber, most
recently as Head of Finance. From July 2007 to April 2013, Mr. Gupta worked at Goldman Sachs, initially as an Associate and later as
a Vice President. Mr. Gupta holds an MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from Nanyang
Technological University. 

We
believe that Mr. Gupta s experience in technology and finance industries make him well qualified to serve as Co-Chief Executive
Officer. 

Troy
B. Steckenrider III is our Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Steckenrider was also a Co-Founder, the Chief Financial
Officer and a Director of one . Previously, Mr. Steckenrider was Chief Operating Officer of ZeroDown, a fractional home ownership
service. Prior to that, Mr. Steckenrider was Director of Capital Markets at Opendoor, a real estate platform, where he was responsible
for building out corporate infrastructure and supporting the company s growth. Earlier in his career, Mr. Steckenrider was on the
private equity investment team at Bain Capital and served a wide variety of clients while at McKinsey Company. Mr. Steckenrider
received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Dartmouth College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He is a CFA charterholder. 

We
believe that Mr. Steckenrider s broad operational and transactional experience makes him well qualified to serve as Chief Financial
Officer. 

59 

Our
Independent Directors 

Pierre
Lamond serves as Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Lamond was also Chairman of the board of directors of one . Mr.
Lamond is an experienced investor, serving as a General Partner at Sequoia Capital from January 1982 to December 2008, where he played
a pivotal role in the expansion of the semiconductor, systems and software portfolios. While at Sequoia Capital, he served as chairman
of the board of directors of Cypress Semiconductor, Microchip Semiconductor, Vitesse Semiconductor, Open Silicon Inc., Redback Networks,
Verisity and Plumtree and served as a member of the board of directors of Mellanox Technologies and Xoom. From March 2009 to December
2014, Mr. Lamond was a General Partner at Khosla Ventures. From October 2015 to present, Mr. Lamond has been a partner at Eclipse Ventures. 

Mr.
Lamond is also a pioneer of the semiconductor industry. From February 1966 to August 1981, Mr. Lamond co-founded and held various positions
at the National Semiconductor Corporation, including Vice President and General Manager, Integrated Circuits and Chief Technology Officer
and Vice President, General Manager of Advanced Products. Prior to that, Mr. Lamond oversaw the development of the advanced high-frequency
transistor and the first generation of digital integrated circuits at Fairchild Semiconductor from June 1961 to February 1966. Mr. Lamond
holds an MSEE and an MS in Physics from the University of Toulouse, France. 

We
believe that Mr. Lamond s broad operational and transactional experience make him well qualified to serve as Chairman of our board
of directors. 

Michelle
Gill was previously the EVP and Group Business Unit Leader for Lending and Capital Markets at Social Finance Inc. (SoFi), which
she joined in April 2018 initially as SoFi s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Gill was also a Director of one . From July 2017
to April 2018, Ms. Gill was a Managing Director in the US Assets Business at Sixth Street Partners. From February 2003 to April 2017,
Ms. Gill served in various roles at Goldman Sachs, most recently as a partner, co-heading the Structured Finance business. During her
time at Goldman Sachs, Ms. Gill held numerous roles including running the Mortgage Finance business, starting and running a Re-Structuring
team during the 2008 Global Financial Crisis, and running Whole Loan trading before ultimately co-heading the Structured Finance business.
Prior to Goldman Sachs, Ms. Gill held positions at Lehman Brothers and Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft. Ms. Gill holds a JD from Cornell
Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from the University of California at Los Angeles. 

We
believe that Ms. Gill s experience in technology and finance industries make her well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Ryan
Petersen has, since April 2013, served as the founder and CEO of Flexport, a technology platform for global trade. Prior to starting
Flexport, Mr. Petersen was the founder and CEO of ImportGenius, a provider of transaction data for the global trade industry. He has
experience investing in numerous technology companies. He earned a BA from the University of California at Berkeley and an MBA from Columbia
Business School. 

We
believe that Mr. Petersen s leadership, operational and investment experience in the technology industry make him well qualified
to serve on our board of directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Holders
of the founder shares will have the right to appoint and remove all of our directors prior to consummation of the Business Combination
and holders of the public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Each of our directors
will hold office for a three-year term. Incumbent directors will also have the ability to appoint additional directors or to appoint
replacement directors in the event of a casual vacancy. 

Our
officers are appointed by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of our board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief
Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices
as may be determined by our board of directors. 

60 

Director
Independence 

The
rules of the NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of the Initial Public Offering. An
 independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has
no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has
a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Lamond, Ms. Gill and Mr. Petersen are an independent
director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. 

Subject
to phase-in rules, the rules of NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors, and the rules of NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee will operate under a charter that has been
approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. 

Audit
Committee 

We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Lamond, Ms. Gill and Mr. Petersen serve as members of our audit committee.
Our board of directors has determined that each of our audit committee members are independent. Ms. Gill serves as the chair of the audit
committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE and our board of directors has determined
that Ms. Gill qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or
related financial management expertise. 

The
audit committee is responsible for: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3)
 our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent
 auditors; 

the appointment,
 compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
 public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged
 by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal
 quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review,
 of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

61 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
 auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
 any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
established a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Mr.
Lamond and Mr. Petersen, with Mr. Lamond serving as chairman. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Lamond and Mr. Petersen
is an independent director. 

The
nominating committee is responsible for: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by our Board of Directors,
 and recommending to our Board of Directors candidates for nomination for appointment; 

developing
 and recommending to our Board of Directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of our Board of Directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance
 of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. However, as we are not paying compensation to any employees, and
have already determined director compensation, we do not expect that the compensation committee will meet for substantive compensation
purposes prior to our initial business combination. The members of our compensation committee are Ms. Gill and Mr. Petersen. Mr. Petersen
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Our board of directors has determined that all of the directors on the compensation
committee are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation
committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

62 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our Board of Directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based
 plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and
the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without
charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
 and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

63 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she may be required to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations
or other material management relationships: 

INDIVIDUAL 
 
 ENTITY 
 
 ENTITY S
 BUSINESS 
 
 AFFILIATION 
 
 Kevin
 E. Hartz 
 
 Eventbrite,
 Inc. 
 
 Digital
 ticketing 
 
 Co-Founder
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Newfront
 Insurance 
 
 Technology-enabled
 insurance brokerage 
 
 Director 

Lookout 
 
 Mobile
 security platform 
 
 Director 

Markforged,
 Inc. 
 
 Additive
 Manufacturing 
 
 Director 
 
 Gautam
 Gupta 
 
 Faire 
 
 Technology
 enabled wholesale marketplace 
 
 Advisor 

Modularity 
 
 Financial
 software solutions 
 
 Advisor 

Homebound 
 
 Technology
 enabled home builder 
 
 Advisor 
 
 Troy
 B. Steckenrider III 

Michelle
 Gill 

Pierre
 Lamond 

Ryan
 Petersen 
 
 Flexport 
 
 Technology
 Logistics 
 
 Founder
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a
 conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses.
 We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive
 officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive
 officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

64 

Our
 sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this report and purchased private placement shares in transactions that
 closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
 option. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
 redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering
 in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
 provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
 or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
 our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
 from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required
 time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement shares
 and the underlying securities will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed
 not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
 business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination,
 or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
 in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With
 certain limited exceptions, private placement shares, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial
 business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares directly or indirectly, they
 may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular partner business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
 our initial business combination. 

Our officers
 and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation
 of any such officers and directors was included by a partner business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our
sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business
combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any
other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the completion of our initial business combination. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the shares voted at a general meeting of the company.
In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to
the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual
fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification
in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We purchased a policy
of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement
or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

65 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they
are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will
only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business
combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential partner businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our
reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities
on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management team s motivation in identifying or selecting
a partner business but we do not believe that the ability of our management team to remain with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party
to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

None. 

66 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Class A ordinary shares as of March [ ], 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; and 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our
 executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 22,066,250 Class A ordinary shares (which includes 21,437,500 Class A ordinary shares
sold in our initial public offering and pursuant to the over-allotment option, and 628,500 private placement shares) and 5,359,375 Class
B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Voting power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares and
Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares
and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. 

Class B ordinary shares (2) 
 Class A ordinary shares (2) 

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 
 
 two sponsor (our sponsor) (3) 
 5,254,375 
 98.0 

19.6 
 
 Kevin E. Hartz 

Gautam Gupta 

Troy B. Steckenrider III 

Michelle Gill 
 25,000 
 0.5 

Pierre Lamond 
 30,000 
 0.5 

Ryan Petersen 
 25,000 
 0.5 

All officers and directors as a group five individuals 
 5,334,375 
 99.5 

0.3 

Less
 than 0.1 percent. 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is the principal business address of the company. 

(2) 
 The
 Class B ordinary shares automatically convert into Class A shares upon consummation of an initial business combination, at a ratio
 of no less than one-to-one. 

(3) 
 two
 sponsor is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares and the private placement shares reported herein. Mr. Hartz, Mr. Gupta
 and Mr. Steckenrider are members of A-Star Investments, LLC, which is the sole member of two sponsor, and are not deemed to beneficially
 own the shares held by two sponsor. None of these individuals exercise sole investment or dispositive power with respect to the securities
 reported herein. 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially owned approximately 19.2 of the issued and outstanding shares of our ordinary shares following our
initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able
to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business
combination. 

Our
sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection
with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity. Further, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Our
sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

67 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
January 2021, our sponsor purchased 5,750,000 founder shares for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share,
of which 750,000 were subject to forfeiture based on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised.
In March 2021, our sponsor transferred 105,000 Class B ordinary shares to certain individuals, including our independent directors. The
number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and
outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. In April 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 390,625 Class B ordinary shares
in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our
sponsor purchased, pursuant to a written agreement, 628,500 private placement shares, at a price of 10.00 per share, in private placements
which occurred concurrently with the closing of our initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option, for an aggregate
purchase price of 6,285,000. The private placement shares may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or
sold by the holder. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential partner businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event
that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into private placement shares at a price of 10.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The terms of such loans by our officers and
directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will
be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

68 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees,
if any, are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the securities issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the
founder shares. Further, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to
our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement, which
is described under the section of this report entitled Description of Securities-Registration and Shareholder Rights. 

Our
sponsor has indicated a potential interest to purchase our shares in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation
of our initial business combination. It is expected that the capital from any such private placement, if made, would be used as part
of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, and any excess capital from any such private placement would
be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. Sponsor is under no obligation to buy any such shares and we are not under
any obligation to sell any such shares. Such investment would be made on terms and conditions determined at the time of the business
combination. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to a charter, that provides for the review, approval and/or ratification
of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation
S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee is provided with the details of each new,
existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company
has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant
related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain
from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate
in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party
transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements
and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, including the services rendered in
connection with our initial public offering, totaled 65,500 and 119,260, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021
financial statements are not reported under Audit Fees. For the the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, WithumSmith+Brown, PC did not render such services. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, WithumSmith+Brown, PC did
not render such services. 

All
Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, WithumSmith+Brown, PC did not render any of these other services. 

69 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

(2) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.(1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate.(2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description
 of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of January 21, 2021, issued to two sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Company and its initial shareholders, dated as of March 29, 2021. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee agent.(1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2021, by and between the Company and two sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, by and between the Company and two sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company.(2) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021. 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

None. 

70 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

 two 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of two (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January
15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January
15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by April 1, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

 March
27, 2023 

PCAOB
ID Number 

F- 2 

TWO 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at approximately and per share at redemption value December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, 
 par value 
 shares authorized issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Ordinary shares 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

TWO 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For The Period From January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

TWO 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and For the Period From January 15, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - January 15, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale of Class A private placement shares to Sponsor in private placement 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

- 

Forfeiture of Class A private placement shares 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

TWO 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For The Period From January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 - 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 - 

Cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 - 

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 - 

Proceeds received from private placement 
 - 

Offering costs paid, net of reimbursement from underwriter 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 - 

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

for the purpose of effecting a
merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
(the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the
risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering described below, and since the Initial Public Offering, the search for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income
from investments in the Trust Account derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
Company s sponsor is two sponsor, a Cayman Islands exempted limited company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective March 29, 2021. On April 1, 2021, the Company consummated its
Initial Public Offering of Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), at an offering price of per Public
Share, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million (net of a required reimbursement
from the underwriter), of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). The underwriter was granted a 45-day
option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional shares to
cover over-allotments, if any, at per share. The underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and on April 13, 2021
purchased an additional Class A ordinary shares (the Additional Shares ), generating gross proceeds of approximately
 million (the Over-Allotment ), and the Company incurred additional offering costs of approximately (net of
a required reimbursement from the underwriter), of which approximately was for deferred underwriting fees. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 
Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares ), at a price of per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment on April
13, 2021, the Company consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional
 Private Placement Shares by the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . On December 30, 2022, the Company s
Sponsor unconditionally and irrevocably forfeited all Private Placement Shares to the Company for no value and the Company cancelled
the Private Placement Shares effective as of the same date. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering the Over-Allotment, and the Private Placements, approximately million per share)
of the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Shares in the Private
Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company acting as trustee, and will invest only in United States government securities within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the
distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.
The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets
held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. 

The
Company will provide its holders of its Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a
portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially at per
Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares have been classified
as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least and the approval of an ordinary resolution. If a shareholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions
is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4), Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the
Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods
and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel
prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares,
Private Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its
shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without
the prior consent of the Company. 

The
Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial business combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or April 1, 2023 (the Combination
Period or (B) with respect to any shareholders rights prior to the initial Business Combination, unless the Company provides
the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s income taxes, if
any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and any Private Placement
Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders
or members of the Company s management team acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. The underwriter agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held
in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of
the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect
the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for
services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into
a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by
a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in its operating bank account and a working deficit of approximately . 

The
Company s liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through paid by the Sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange
for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 4),
and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account of million (net of a required reimbursement
from the underwriter). The Company repaid the Note in full on April 5, 2021. No additional borrowing is available under the Note. In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as
defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

Management
has determined that the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations through the earlier of its consummation
of an initial business combination or its liquidation date. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing
accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective
target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the Business Combination. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity issue and the mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 1, 2023. The financial statements
do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company plans to complete
a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government
securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held
in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s
investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities
and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and
losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income from investments held in the Trust Account in
the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available
market information. 

.
Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

Private Placement Shares to the Sponsor. These Private Placement Shares
would not have been transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. They
were also considered non-redeemable and were presented as permanent equity in the Company s balance sheets. On December 30, 2022,
the Sponsor unconditionally and irrevocably forfeited all Private Placement Shares to the Company for no value and the Company
cancelled the Private Placement Shares effective as of the same date. The Company s Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial
Public Offering feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Under
ASC 480-10S99, the Company has elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying
value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting
period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (including
the exercise of the over-allotment option), the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount which resulted
in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, the Company recognized
changes in the redemption value as an increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as reflected
on the accompanying statements of changes in shareholders deficit. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that
the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals
or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

There
is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations,
income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statement.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

Public Shares, at an offering price of per Public
Share, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million (net of a required reimbursement
from the underwriter), of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

The
Company granted the underwriter a -day option from the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 
additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The Underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and on April 13, 2021 purchased an additional Class A ordinary
shares (the Additional Shares ), generating gross proceeds of approximately million, and the Company incurred additional
offering costs of approximately (net of a required reimbursement from the underwriter), of which approximately was
for deferred underwriting fees. 

, or approximately per share, to cover expenses in consideration for Class
B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares would represent 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On March 8, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 
Founder Shares to each of Michelle Gill, Ryan Petersen and Laura de Petra, and Founder Shares to Pierre Lamond. Such shares will
not be subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriter s over-allotment is not exercised. The underwriters partially exercised
their over-allotment option on April 13, 2021 and on April 19, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration
resulting in Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding with shares subject to forfeiture. 

The
initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier
to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
(x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days
after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

Private
Placement Shares 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of Private Placement Shares, at
a price of per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million. If the over-allotment
option was exercised, the Sponsor could have purchased an additional amount of up to Private Placement Shares at a price of 
per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment on April 13, 2021, the Company consummated the second closing
of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional Private Placement Shares by the Sponsor,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The
Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of
their Private Placement Shares until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. On December 30, 2022, the Sponsor
unconditionally and irrevocably forfeited all Private Placement Shares to the Company for no value and the Company cancelled
the Private Placement Shares effective as of the same date. 

Sponsor
Loan 

On
January 21, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This
loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately 
under the Note and repaid the Note in full on April 5, 2021. additional borrowing is available under the Note. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working
Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would
either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement shares at a price of per share. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

On
March 29, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which, commencing on the date the Company s
securities were first listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, in expenses for these services, which is included
in administrative expenses-related party on the accompanying statements of operations. amount was due as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

per share, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. In addition, per share, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter
for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The
underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and was entitled to an additional fee of approximately (net of a required
reimbursement from the underwriter), of which approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions fees. 

Contingent
Fee Arrangement 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company entered arrangement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. Oppenheimer to obtain financial advisory
services and for Oppenheimer to act as the Company s placement agent in connection with raising capital with a specific target
in its search for a Business Combination. Oppenheimer would be entitled to a transaction fee of million and a financing fee of 
of the principal balance placed, subject to a minimum fee of million Arrangement ). Per the Arrangement, fees for
these services are contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and consummation of the financing and therefore they are not
included as liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets. Under the arrangement, the Company will also reimburse Oppenheimer for reasonable
expenses. As of December 31, 2022, expenses have been incurred. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Various
social and political circumstances in the United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising
trade tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the United States
and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such
as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility
and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and
Ukraine, and resulting market volatility could adversely affect the Company s ability to complete a business combination. In response
to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions
against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could
have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to complete a business combination and the value of the Company s
securities. 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of these types of risks on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
these types of risks could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search
for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares outstanding, respectively, of which shares were subject
to possible redemption. 

Less: 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption
 value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value per share with such designations,
voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively,
of which shares were subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (See Note 6). 

Class
B Ordinary Shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share.
Holders are entitled to for each share of Class B ordinary shares. On January 21, 2021, Class B ordinary shares were
issued to the Company s Sponsor. Of the Class B ordinary shares, an aggregate of up to shares were subject to
forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised in
full or in part, so that the initial shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares
(excluding the Private Placement Shares) after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment
option on April 13, 2021, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited for no consideration resulting in Class B ordinary
shares issued and outstanding with no shares subject to forfeiture. 

Holders
of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class
B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the election of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation
of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder
Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding
upon completion of the Initial Public Offering (excluding the Private Placement Shares), plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class
A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or
deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Shares that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans. 

- 
 - 

December
31, 2021 

Description 
 Quoted Prices in Active 
 Markets (Level 1) 
 Significant Other 
 Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Other Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Investments held in Trust Account: 

US Treasury Securities (2) 
 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 of cash
 balance held within the Trust Account 
 
 (2) 
 of cash balance
 held within the Trust Account 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. There were transfers between levels of the hierarchy
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Level
1 assets include investments in Treasury Bills. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, quoted market prices from dealers
or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. 

Class B ordinary shares held by Sponsor to Buyer and (ii) the resignation of the existing directors and officers of
the Company and the appointment of directors and officers designated by Buyer. Any such transaction would be contingent upon, among other
things, the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal and the retention of at least in the Trust Account, and would be
expected to close on March 31, 2023. 

F- 17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
27, 2023 

two 

By: 
 /s/
 Kevin E. Hartz 

Name: 
 Kevin
E. Hartz 

Title: 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kevin E.
 Hartz 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Kevin E. Hartz 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Troy B.
 Steckenrider III 
 
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Troy B. Steckenrider III 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gautam Gupta 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Gautam Gupta 

/s/ Pierre Lamond 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Pierre Lamond 

/s/
 Michelle Gill 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Michelle Gill 

/s/ Ryan Petersen 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 27, 2023 
 
 Ryan Petersen 

71 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 

 1934,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kevin Hartz, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of two; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [Omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Hartz 

Kevin
 Hartz 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 

 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Troy B. Steckenrider III, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of two; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 [Omitted]; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Troy B. Steckenrider III 

Troy
 B. Steckenrider III 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of two (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated
below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin Hartz 

Kevin
 Hartz 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of two (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2020 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated
below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Troy B. Steckenrider III 

Troy
 B. Steckenrider III 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 twoa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 twoa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 twoa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 twoa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

