<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1729427_0001683168-23-002086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4427771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>262153</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>791983</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1291641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>872094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1079783</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002086.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170413
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001729427
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				822318545
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39126
		FILM NUMBER:		23788991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-800-946-9185

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 WEST LOOP SOUTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002086.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 cns_i10k-2022.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C., 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________ to
___________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area
Code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter periods as the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) 

Large accelerated
filer 
 
 Accelerated
filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting equity held
by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million. In determining the market value of the
voting equity held by non-affiliates, securities of the registrant beneficially owned by directors, officers and 10 or greater shareholders
of the registrant have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding
as of March 29, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of this registrant s definitive proxy statement for its
2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year
are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 37 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 41 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 65 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 66 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 66 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 68 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 

Exhibit Index 
 
 69 

ITEM 16 
 10-K Summary 
 71 

Signatures 
 
 72 

i 

References in this Form 10-K to we , us ,
 its , our or the Company are to CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as appropriate to the context. 

Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking
Statements 

We make forward-looking statements under the Risk
Factors, Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and in other sections of this report. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, 
 might, should, would, could, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, 
and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies
and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about
future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ
materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In
particular, you should consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors . 

While we believe we have identified material risks,
these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may describe additional factors that could adversely impact
our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover,
neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend
to do so. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements about: 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop our product candidates; 

the need to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

the success of our clinical trials through all phases of clinical development; 

compliance with obligations under intellectual property licenses with third parties; 

any delays in regulatory review and approval of product candidates in clinical development; 

our ability to commercialize our product candidates; 

market acceptance of our product candidates; 

competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; 

potential product liability claims; 

our dependency on third-party manufacturers to supply or manufacture our products; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements; 

our ability and third parties abilities to protect intellectual property rights; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; and 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively. 

ii 

We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this report in the case of forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward looking-statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of the forward-looking statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements,
we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We are a clinical pharmaceutical company organized
as a Nevada corporation in July 2017 to focus on the development of anti-cancer drug candidates for the treatment of brain and central
nervous system tumors, based on intellectual property that we license under license agreements with Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. HPI and The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center UTMDACC and own pursuant to a collaboration and asset purchase
agreement with Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reata ). 

We believe our lead drug candidate, Berubicin, may
be a significant development in the treatment of Glioblastoma and other CNS malignancies, and if approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), could give Glioblastoma patients an important new therapeutic alternative to the current standard of care. Glioblastomas
are tumors that arise from astrocytes, which are star-shaped cells making up the supportive tissue of the brain. These tumors are usually
highly malignant (cancerous) because the cells reproduce quickly, and they are supported by a large network of blood vessels. Berubicin
is an anthracycline, which is a class of drugs that are among the most powerful and extensively used chemotherapy drugs known. Based on
limited clinical data, we believe Berubicin is the first anthracycline that appears to cross the blood brain barrier in significant concentrations
targeting brain cancer cells. While our focus is currently on the development of Berubicin, we are also in the process of attempting to
secure intellectual property rights to additional compounds that we plan to develop into drugs to treat CNS and other cancers. 

Berubicin was discovered at UTMDACC by Dr. Waldemar
Priebe, the founder of the Company. Through a series of transactions, Berubicin was initially licensed to Reata. Reata initiated several
Phase I clinical trials with Berubicin for CNS malignancies, one of which was for malignant gliomas, but subsequently allowed their IND
with the FDA to lapse for strategic reasons. This required us to obtain a new IND for Berubicin before beginning further clinical trials.
On December 17, 2020, we announced that our IND application with the FDA for Berubicin for the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme was
in effect. We initiated this trial for patient enrollment during the second quarter of 2021 with the first patient dosed during the third
quarter of 2021 to investigate the efficacy of Berubicin in adults with Glioblastoma Multiforme who have failed first-line therapy. The
first patient on the trial was treated during the third quarter of 2021. Correspondence between the Company and the FDA resulted in modifications
to our initial trial design, including designating overall survival (OS) as the primary endpoint of the study. OS is a rigorous endpoint
that the FDA has recognized as a basis for approval of oncology drugs when a statistically significant improvement can be shown relative
to a randomized control arm. 

The current trial being conducted will evaluate
the efficacy of Berubicin in patients with Glioblastoma Multiforme who have failed primary treatment for their disease, and results will
be compared to the efficacy of Lomustine, a current standard of care in this setting, with a 2 to 1 randomization of the estimated 243
patients to Berubicin or Lomustine. Patients receiving Berubicin will be administered a 2-hour IV infusion of 7.5 mg/m2 berubicin hydrochloride
daily for three consecutive days followed by 18 days off (a 21-day cycle). Lomustine is administered orally once every six weeks. The
trial will include a pre-planned, non-binding interim futility analysis which will be conducted by an independent Data Safety Monitoring
Board (DSMB) to recommend whether this study should continue as planned based on Berubicin showing statistically significant value as
a second-line treatment for patients with glioblastoma compared with Lomustine. We will conduct this analysis after at least 50 of the
patients in the interim analysis population (30-50 of total expected patients for the trial) can be evaluated as having failed the primary
efficacy endpoint (death). This recommendation will review the number of deaths on each arm to ensure that the overall survival of patients
receiving Berubicin shows a statistically significant comparability to or is even higher than those receiving Lomustine. The median survival
of patients receiving second-line treatment for glioblastoma has historically been shown to be approximately 6 months. We have historically
used this 6 months as an estimate for the median time to a 50 mortality rate. Taking into account the recent rate of enrollment and the
number of patients that can be adequately assessed for their follow-up outcomes, we are anticipating that the DSMB will be able to perform
this interim analysis and we can release the data during the third quarter of 2023. Additional analyses that will be provided based on
this data will be comparisons of secondary endpoints, including progression-free survival (PFS), response rates, and safety assessments.
Even if Berubicin is approved, there is no assurance that patients will choose an infusion treatment, as compared to the current standard
of care, which requires oral administration. 

We do not have manufacturing facilities and all manufacturing
activities are contracted out to third parties. Additionally, we do not have a sales organization. 

On November 21, 2017, we entered into a Collaboration
and Asset Purchase Agreement with Reata (the Reata Agreement ). Pursuant to the Reata Agreement we purchased all of Reata s
intellectual property and development data regarding Berubicin, including all trade secrets, knowhow, confidential information and other
intellectual property rights. 

1 

On December 28, 2017, we obtained the rights to a worldwide,
exclusive royalty-bearing, license to the chemical compound commonly known as Berubicin from HPI in an agreement we refer to as the HPI
License. HPI is affiliated with Dr. Priebe, who controls a majority of our shares. Under the HPI License we obtained the exclusive right
to develop certain chemical compounds for use in the treatment of cancer anywhere in the world. In the HPI License we agreed to pay HPI:
(i) development fees of 750,000 over a three-year period beginning November 2019; (ii) a 2 royalty on net sales; (iii) a 50,000 per
year license fee; (iv) milestone payments of 100,000 upon the commencement of a Phase II trial and 1.0 million upon the approval of
a New Drug Application NDA for Berubicin; and (v) 6,667 shares of our common stock. The patents we licensed from HPI expired
in March 2020. 

On June 10, 2020, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation ODD for Berubicin for the treatment of malignant gliomas. ODD from the FDA is available for drugs targeting diseases with
less than 200,000 cases per year. ODD may enable market exclusivity of 7 years from the date of approval of a NDA in the United States.
During that period the FDA generally could not approve another product containing the same drug for the same designated indication. Orphan
drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same
active ingredient for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy
or safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market
demand. The ODD now constitutes our primary intellectual property protections although the Company is exploring if there are other patents
that could be filed related to Berubicin to extend additional protections. 

With the Reata Agreement and the HPI License, we believe
we have obtained all rights and intellectual property necessary to develop Berubicin. As stated earlier, it is our plan to obtain additional
intellectual property covering other compounds which, subject to the receipt of additional financing, may be developed into drugs for
brain and other cancers. 

On January 10, 2020, we entered into a Patent and
Technology License Agreement (the WP1244 Agreement with The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an agency
of the State of Texas, on behalf of the UTMDACC. Pursuant to the WP1244 Agreement, we obtained a royalty-bearing, worldwide, exclusive
license to certain intellectual property rights, including patent rights, related to our portfolio of WP1244 drug technology. In consideration,
we must make payments to UTMDACC including an up-front license fee, annual maintenance fee, milestone payments and royalty payments (including
minimum annual royalties) for sales of licensed products developed under the WP1244 Agreement. The term of the WP1244 Agreement expires
on the last to occur of: (a) the expiration of all patents subject to the WP1244 Agreement, or (b) fifteen years after execution; provided
that UTMDACC has the right to terminate the WP1244 Agreement in the event that we fail to meet certain commercial diligence milestones. 

On May 7, 2020, pursuant to the WP1244 portfolio license
agreement described above, the Company entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with UTMDACC to perform research relating to novel
anticancer agents targeting CNS malignancies. The Company agreed to fund approximately 1,134,000 over a two-year period. The Company
paid and recorded 334,000 in 2020 related to this agreement in research and development expenses in the Company s Statements of
Operations. The remaining 800,000 was paid in 2021. The principal investigator for this agreement is Dr. Priebe. The work conducted under
this Sponsored Research Agreement has produced a new mesylate salt of WP1244 termed WP1874. We believe the enhanced solubility of this
salt may increase its ability to be formulated for use in an IV infusion, while maintaining similar potency and toxicity characteristics.
As such, WP1874 will be the primary focus in our development efforts of the WP1244 portfolio. This agreement was extended and now expires
on March 31, 2023. 

Market for Cancer Drugs and Berubicin 

Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the
United States behind heart disease. In 2019, there were an estimated 16.9 million cancer survivors in the United States. In 2022, the
American Cancer Society estimated that nearly 1.9 million new cases would be diagnosed and over 600,000 Americans would die from cancer. 

Digestive, reproductive, breast and respiratory cancers
comprise 69 of expected cancer diagnoses in 2022, while cancers like leukemia and brain tumors are considered rare diseases. 

2 

The worldwide cancer drug business has been estimated
to represent nearly 100 billion in annual sales. Our lead drug candidate, Berubicin, is in a class of drugs referred to as anthracyclines,
which are chemotherapy drugs designed to destroy the DNA of targeted cancer cells. The most common approved anthracyclines are daunorubicin
and doxorubicin and, prior to the expansion of their generic equivalents, annual revenues generated from anthracyclines have been estimated
in the range of 600 million. Many cancers are currently treated with anthracyclines; however, primary and metastatic brain cancers have
not been among them because heretofore no anthracyclines have been able to sufficiently penetrate the BBB. We believe that based on currently
limited pre-clinical and clinical data, Berubicin appears to show that it can cross the BBB. However, there is no assurance that Berubicin
will be able to demonstrate such traits in more fulsome clinical trials. 

Brain cancer in general is considered a rare disease
for which there are few available treatments. The leading brain tumor drug is temozolomide TMZ ), a drug introduced under
the brand name Temodar . In 2012, one industry source reported annual revenues of approximately 882 million for Temodar before the
expiration of its patent protection, at which point generic versions of the drug began to enter the market and reduce prices. TMZ extends
overall survival when used in combination with radiation after preliminary surgery, followed by maintenance therapy as a single agent
thereafter. 

The Orphan Drug Act and other legislative initiatives
provide incentives, including market exclusivity and accelerated approval pathways, for companies that pursue the development of treatments
for rare diseases and serious diseases for which there are few or no acceptable available treatment alternatives. Orphan Drug exclusivity
prevents for seven years the approval of another product with the same active moiety for the same rare disease. If a product is a new
chemical entity (i.e., generally that the moiety has not previously been approved), it may receive five years of exclusivity, during which
period FDA may not accept for review certain NDAs for another product with the same moiety. If approval of a product required new clinical
data, it may convey three years of exclusivity against approval of certain NDAs for similar products. Over the last 10 years, an increasing
number of companies have begun using these designations to obtain new drug approvals for drugs where patent coverage has expired and/or
where accelerated approval appears possible. An IMS Health report estimated that, in 2013, the sale of drugs with full or partial Orphan
Drug exclusivity represented approximately 29 billion in revenue. We consider the receipt of Orphan Drug exclusivity and expedited pathways
to approval or further development to be an important part of our development strategy for our drug candidates. 

The Berubicin Clinical Therapeutic Opportunity 

The Company was created to specialize in the discovery
and development of novel treatments for brain tumors. Our main focus is currently the development and testing of Berubicin. Based on limited
clinical data, we believe Berubicin is the first anthracycline that appears in animal models and limited clinical data derived from a
Phase 1 human clinical trial to cross the BBB and target cancer cells. In 2009, Reata, the prior developer of Berubicin, completed its
Phase 1 clinical trial in patients diagnosed with brain cancers, including glioblastoma, the most aggressive form of brain cancer. 

Currently, there are no curative therapies for glioblastoma.
In the clinical trial completed by Reata in February 2009, Berubicin demonstrated one durable complete response lasting over 14 years
in a patient treated on the original Phase 1 clinical trial. This patient remains disease free and clinically stable as of November 2022. 

The Phase 1 trial was in a patient population that
had a median survival rate of only 14.6 months from glioblastoma diagnosis and few effective therapeutic options. In this trial, 25 of
the 35 patients enrolled were evaluable for response, and there was 1 complete response, 1 partial response, and 1 minor response, all
indicative of tumor shrinkage. In addition, 8 other patients had stable disease, for a disease control rate (DCR) of 44 . If these results
are reproducible and if regulatory approval is secured to market Berubicin, based on its apparent ability to cross the BBB combined with
its mechanism of action, more thoroughly discussed below, we believe this drug has the potential to become an effective treatment for
this deadly cancer. 

3 

In the eight major markets for pharmaceuticals (the
US, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK, Japan and China), approximately 55,000 new glioblastoma patients were diagnosed in 2021 with
a median survival rate for these patients of only 15 months (GlobalData, 2018). Due to the lack of effective therapies, the five-year
survival rate of glioblastoma ranges from 13 for younger aged patients (20 to 44 years) to 1 for older populations (over 44 years).
The current standard of care for first-line treatment is surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy with TMZ. TMZ, the current chemotherapeutic
component of the first-line standard of care for glioblastoma, has limited efficacy. In the TMZ final clinical trial performed before
submitting for FDA approval (573 patients), overall survival was improved by 2.5 months versus radiation alone, a clearly significant
improvement in survival. However, at least 50 of TMZ treated patients do not respond to TMZ (or respond very poorly), primarily due to
the O6-methylguanine methyltransferase MGMT enzyme, which is a DNA repair pathway in glioblastoma cells. When methylated,
the enzyme has reduced DNA repair activity, and increases the activity of TMZ; thus unmethylated patients have greater DNA repair activity,
and this confers a poorer prognosis. Given the different mechanism of action of Berubicin, patients with unmethylated MGMT may show a
better outcome and this will be explored by stratification to the MGMT methylation status of patients on the current trial. This could
potentially be used to support an application for approval of Berubicin as a frontline therapy, however, we believe that the most prudent
initial investigational objective is the current stratified trial that can either serve as a registration trial or provide sufficient
data to power an additional registration trial. 

Based on data relating to the mechanism of action of
Berubicin, as well as clinical results from the Phase 1 study in brain tumors performed by Reata, the prior developer of Berubicin, we
are conducting a randomized, controlled multicenter study that will evaluate the efficacy of Berubicin versus Lomustine (CCNU, CeeNU ,
or Gleostine in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. Randomization to the two therapies (Berubicin or Lomustine) will be on a 2:1
basis with 2 patients receiving Berubicin for every patient randomized to Lomustine. Lomustine is a drug considered effective in patients
with glioblastoma that has recurred or progressed following first line therapy. From the data available from the Reata Phase 1 clinical
trial (RTA 744-C-0401), the FDA has agreed that the dosage for Berubicin will be at the maximum tolerated dose MTD determined
in that trial. Thus, patients randomized to the Berubicin arm will receive a 2-hour IV infusion of 7.5 mg/m2 berubicin hydrochloride daily
for three consecutive days followed by 18 days off (21-day cycle). Patients randomized to Lomustine will receive a single oral dose of
130 mg/m2 (rounded to the nearest 5 mg) every 6 weeks, or per the full prescribing information for Lomustine incorporating institutional
standards at each study site. 

Efficacy will be measured by the benefit of Berubicin
vs. Lomustine in terms of overall survival (OS), considered the preferred standard as an endpoint for clinical trials in Neuro-Oncology.
Secondary endpoints using accepted radiologic methodology (magnetic resonance imaging MRI )), including both pre- and post-gadolinium
T1-weighted scans and T2/fluid attenuated inversion recovery FLAIR images will evaluate objective response rates (ORR),
which include complete responses (CR) and partial responses (PR) as per RANO (Response Assessment for Neuro-Oncology), and progression
free survival (PFS). Additional information to be collected include event free survival (EFS), corticosteroid usage, neurologic status,
quality of life, and safety, and for Berubicin, the pharmacokinetics (PK) at the dose and schedule employed. The trial will include a
pre-planned, non-binding interim futility analysis which will be conducted by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) to recommend
whether this study should continue as planned based on Berubicin showing statistically significant value as a second-line treatment for
patients with glioblastoma compared with Lomustine. We will conduct this analysis after at least 50 of the patients in the interim analysis
population (30-50 of total expected patients for the trial) can be evaluated as having failed the primary efficacy endpoint (death).
This recommendation will review the number of deaths on each arm to ensure that the overall survival of patients receiving Berubicin shows
a statistically significant comparability to or is even higher than those receiving Lomustine. The median survival of patients receiving
second-line treatment for glioblastoma has historically been shown to be approximately 6 months. We have historically used this 6 months
as an estimate for the median time to a 50 mortality rate. Taking into account the recent rate of enrollment and the number of patients
that can be adequately assessed for their follow-up outcomes, we are anticipating that the DSMB will be able to perform this interim analysis
and we can release the data during the third quarter of 2023. Additional analyses that will be provided based on this data will be comparisons
of secondary endpoints, including progression-free survival (PFS), response rates, and safety assessments. 

Assuming data from the above described study is positive
(and depending on the strength and quality of such data) at its completion we may seek approval to market Berubicin from relevant regulatory
authorities, we may look for a partner with which to conduct a Phase 3 study, if this is required by authorities based on the strength
of the data submitted, or we may attempt to raise sufficient capital to conduct such a study on our own. The goal of these potential Phase
3 studies, should they be necessary, is to develop a body of evidence to support a successful application with the FDA and/or other similar
regulatory agencies around the world. Should we obtain approval from the FDA or other international regulatory agencies to market Berubicin,
we will either partner with third parties to sell and distribute it to physicians and patients, or we will develop our own sales force
to do so. 

Berubicin 

Our first product under development is Berubicin, a
development stage anthracycline intended to treat glioblastoma. Berubicin is an anthracycline, a class of drugs that are among the most
powerful chemotherapy drugs known. Berubicin intercalates into DNA and interrupts topoisomerase II activity, resulting in the inhibition
of DNA replication and repair, and ultimately RNA and protein synthesis. Based on evidence developed from animal models and limited clinical
data derived from a Phase 1 human clinical trial, Berubicin appears to cross the blood brain barrier and target cancer cells, specifically
glioblastoma, more effectively and efficiently than any other known anthracyclines. 

4 

Berubicin hydrochloride (HCl) is a novel synthetic
anthracycline with a chemical structure similar to doxorubicin HCl, a cytotoxic anthracycline topoisomerase II inhibitor isolated from
cultures of Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius. Doxorubicin HCl Injection and Doxorubicin HCl for Injection, drugs related in chemical
structure and mechanism of action to Berubicin, are approved by the FDA for the treatment of various cancers, including acute lymphoblastic
leukemia, acute myeloblastic leukemia, Hodgkin lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin lymphoma, metastatic breast cancer, metastatic Wilms tumor,
metastatic neuroblastoma, metastatic soft tissue sarcoma, metastatic bone sarcomas, metastatic ovarian carcinoma, metastatic transitional
cell bladder carcinoma, metastatic thyroid carcinoma, metastatic gastric carcinoma, and metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma, as well as
part of a multiagent adjuvant chemotherapy for the treatment of women with axillary lymph node involvement after resection of primary
breast cancer. A liposomal formulation of doxorubicin HCl is also approved for the treatment of ovarian cancer, AIDS-related Kaposi s
sarcoma, and multiple myeloma. 

Doxorubicin HCl is not indicated for cancers of the
brain, where it has limited efficacy due to its poor penetration through the blood-brain barrier. Further, even for those cancers that
doxorubicin HCl is indicated, development of drug resistance remains a problem. In an effort to develop a second generation anthracycline
topoisomerase II inhibitor that can circumvent the BBB and the development of drug resistance, Dr. Priebe created a library of high-affinity
and sequence-selective deoxyribonucleic acid DNA )-binding agents and screened against a panel of P-glycoprotein 1 (Pgp)
and multidrug resistance-associated protein 1 (MRP1)-overexpressing cells. This led to the identification of berubicin HCl, which preclinical
studies appear to show to be less affected by multidrug transporters than doxorubicin, to be potentially more potent as an inhibitor of
cell growth and inducer of apoptosis than doxorubicin, to sequester preferentially in tumor tissue versus brain tissue, and to improve
overall survival in an intracranial orthotopic glioma model. There is no assurance that Berubicin will be able to demonstrate such traits
in clinical trials. 

Glioblastoma has an unfavorable prognosis mainly due
to its high propensity for tumor recurrence, which is inevitable after a median survival time of 32 36 weeks. A plethora of monotherapy
and combination chemotherapy strategies have been evaluated in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. Although these can result in some
minor improvements in progression-free survival, with an estimation of approximately 30 after six months, no obvious increase in survival
has been associated with any particular regimen since the Stupp regimen of TMZ and radiation (2005). 

Despite aggressive initial treatment, most patients
develop recurrent diseases which can be treated with reresection, systemic treatment with targeted agents or cytotoxic chemotherapy, reirradiation,
or radiosurgery. Research into novel therapies is investigating alternative temozolomide regimens, convection-enhanced delivery, immunotherapy,
gene therapy, antiangiogenic agents, poly ADP ribose polymerase inhibitors, or cancer stem cell signaling pathways. Overall, the 5-year
survival rate is 

Less than 40 of glioblastoma patients have a genetic
variation which makes their tumors initially more responsive to TMZ. However, because nearly all these patients will quickly become resistant,
Berubicin could be prescribed after failure with TMZ. The remaining 60 of patients initially fail to respond to TMZ, primarily due to
the over-expression of O6-methylguanine methyltransferase (MGMT) conferring a lack of a DNA repair pathway in glioblastoma cells. If Berubicin
shows efficacy in clinical trials, of which there is no assurance, it could become the primary drug treatment because TMZ is ineffective
in this patient population. 

Reata licensed in berubicin HCl with the intent of
developing it for commercialization. On December 28, 2004, Reata filed an initial IND (IND 68,279; Serial No. 000) for an injection formulation
of berubicin HCl (RTA 744 Injection) for the treatment of anaplastic astrocytoma, anaplastic oligodendroglioma, anaplastic mixed oligo-astrocytoma,
glioblastoma, and gliosarcoma. Three clinical trials were initiated under IND 68,279, two phase 1 trials and one phase 2 trial. The initial
phase 1 trial (Study RTA 744-C-0401) was completed and the maximum tolerated dose determined. A 44 disease control response rate was
observed. The disease control rate was based on patients with stable disease plus responses. In the trial, out of 25 patients, one patient
achieved a complete response, 1 patient had a partial response, 1 patient had a minor response, and 8 patients achieved a stable response.
The 44 disease control response rate is based on these 11 patients (out of 25 patients). Regardless, in 2008, Reata decided to curtail
development of RTA 744 Injection for strategic reasons. Further enrollment in the two other ongoing berubicin clinical trials was halted.
Reata submitted a request to inactivate the IND on March 17, 2011 (Serial No. 054) and requested that the IND be withdrawn on June 10,
2016 (Serial No. 0055). IND 68,279 was not withdrawn due to safety or efficacy concerns, but rather due to the above noted corporate reprioritization. 

5 

CNS was formed in 2017, with Dr. Priebe as the Scientific
Founder. Reata sold CNS all rights to the berubicin investigational drug data, including the data submitted under IND 68,279, and CNS
has assumed sole authority, discretion, and responsibility with respect to the development of the drug. As a result of the Reata Agreement,
we are the direct beneficiaries of the 4 years of active clinical development work performed by Reata, including the execution of multiple
Phase 1 human clinical trials. 

On May 24, 2019, our sublicensee, WPD, signed the Granting
Agreement with the Polish National Center for Research and Development for co-funding of research and development work in the amount of
22,033,066 PLN (approximately US 5,798,875) for new drug development as a part of the project New approach to glioblastoma treatment
addressing the critical unmet medical need , undertaken pursuant to the WPD Sublicense. The grant will be co-funded by the European
Union, under the Smart Growth Operational Program 2014-2020, Sectoral Programme InnoNeuroPharm, Priority Axis I: Support R D carried
out by enterprises, Measure 1.2 Sectorial programs R D. This grant funding is dependent upon WPD funding a portion of the trial estimated
at 35-40 of the total cost, and we can provide no assurance that they can or will be able to do so. The main goal of the WPD Project
is to implement the first in the world multicenter pediatric phase I clinical trial and phase II clinical trials in adults, in order to
continue to explore the safety and efficacy of Berubicin. The WPD Project will also include preclinical tests to determine the prospective
use of Berubicin with temozolomide and with other compounds being developed by WPD as candidates for anticancer drugs. 

Berubicin Clinical Trial 

In the first clinical trial for Berubicin, which was
referred to as Study RTA 744-C-0401, 25 of the 35 patients enrolled were evaluable for response. One patient achieved a complete response,
remained on study through seven cycles of therapy and was withdrawn for adverse events unrelated to Berubicin. The patient was disease
free as of November 2022. 

Study design 

Study RTA 744-C-0401 was a Phase 1 dose-finding, safety
and pharmacokinetic (PK) study of intravenous Berubicin injection in patients with recurrent or refractory anaplastic astrocytoma, anaplastic
oligodendroglioma, anaplastic mixed oligo-astrocytoma, glioblastoma multiforme or gliosarcoma. 

The study was an open-label, accelerated dose-escalation
study to determine the maximum tolerated dose starting with patients who were not taking concurrent enzyme-inducing anti-epileptic drugs
(EIAEDs) that could interfere with Berubicin drug metabolism. Intra-patient dose-escalation was allowed after a patient had received a
minimum of 4 cycles. Berubicin injection was administered either daily for three consecutive days repeated every three weeks (Group A),
or once-weekly for four-consecutive weeks repeated every five weeks (Group C). Enrollment for a planned dose escalation in Group B (patients
on EIAEDs) was not initiated after it was determined that the standard of care had changed and an insufficient number of patients being
treated with these anti-epileptic drugs would make it difficult to accrue the requisite number of patients. The MTD for the remaining
groups was determined in a stepwise fashion such that once the MTD for Group A (three days in a row every 3 weeks) was determined, Group
C was initiated at the MTD from Group A, given on a weekly basis for 4 of every 5 weeks to evaluate the tolerability and MTD of Berubicin
on this alternative schedule. 

Study Results 

The first patient was enrolled into the study in November
2005 and as of February 2009, the study was closed to accrual with no active patients remaining on study. Berubicin was administered to
a total of 54 patients (35 male and 19 female) with ages ranging from 25 to 70 years. Thirty-seven of the patients (69 entered the study
with a diagnosis of glioblastoma multiforme, seven of which were secondary to transformation from anaplastic astrocytoma. The time from
the initial brain tumor diagnosis to enrollment on the study ranged from four months to 301 months (this last timing for a patient diagnosed
with childhood anaplastic astrocytoma). 

6 

Efficacy : Twenty-five of the 35 patients enrolled
in Group A were evaluable for response (under the Macdonald criteria described below). One patient receiving Berubicin at 2.4 mg/m2/day
achieved a complete response. The patient remained on study through 7 cycles of therapy before being withdrawn for elevated liver function
tests unrelated to study drug, and in follow-up remains disease free and clinically stable as of November 2022. 

One additional patient receiving Berubicin at 7.5 mg/m2/day
achieved an unconfirmed partial response as their best recorded response, unconfirmed since the scan showing the partial response required
a second scan corroborating the response. Although the patient had an 80 reduction in tumor volume after two cycles of therapy, at the
end of four cycles of therapy when an additional scan was obtained, despite the fact that the initial lesion remained reduced, the patient
developed a new lesion and was assessed as having disease progression, thus the PR could not be confirmed. Ten additional patients in
Group A had stable disease of 2-to-8 cycles in duration, with a median progression free survival of four cycles (12 weeks). In Group C,
seven patients were evaluable for response and all had progressive disease. Twelve patients were discontinued from the study prior to
the end of cycle 2 due to clinical deterioration and/or disease progression. 

Macdonald criteria : The Macdonald criteria,
similarly to other systems, divides response into four types of response based on imaging (MRI) and clinical features: 

Assessment 
 Imaging Features 
 Clinical Features 
 
 Complete Response (CR) 

Disappearance of all enhancing disease (measurable and non-measurable) 
 
 Sustained for at least four weeks 
 
 No new lesions 

No corticosteroids 
 
 Clinically stable or improved 
 
 Partial Response (PR) 

50 or more decrease of measurable enhancing lesions 
 
 Sustained for at least four weeks 
 
 No new lesions 

Stable or reduced corticosteroids 
 
 Clinically stable or improved 
 
 Stable Disease (SD) 
 Does not qualify for CR, PR or progression 
 Clinically stable 
 
 Progression 

25 or more increase in enhancing lesions 
 
 Any new lesions 
 Clinical deterioration 

Measurements of lesions are obtained from axial post
contrast T1 images. The maximal diameter is obtained, and then the second diameter is obtained at right angles to the first. The product
of these measurements is then used as the size of the lesion for the purpose of comparison. 

7 

Summary of Adverse Events : The adverse events
documented during Study RTA 744-C-0401 for all CTC grades of severity and regardless of relationship to study medication are identified
below. 

Serious Adverse Event 
 
 Number of Patients Experiencing Adverse Event 
 
 Pulmonary embolism 
 
 5 
 
 Convulsion 
 
 5 
 
 Urinary tract infection 
 
 1 
 
 Peripheral motor neuropathy 
 
 1 
 
 Peripheral sensory neuropathy 
 
 1 
 
 Urinary retention 
 
 1 
 
 Nausea 
 
 4 
 
 Vomiting 
 
 5 
 
 Constipation 
 
 1 
 
 Leukopenia 
 
 1 
 
 Neutropenia 
 
 1 
 
 Headache 
 
 3 
 
 Speech disorder 
 
 1 
 
 Pyramidal tract syndrome 
 
 3 
 
 Somnolence 
 
 1 
 
 Dehydration 
 
 3 
 
 Brain oedema 
 
 1 
 
 Papilloedema 
 
 1 
 
 Eyelid ptosis 
 
 1 
 
 Macular oedema 
 
 1 
 
 Syncope 
 
 2 
 
 Deep vein thrombosis 
 
 1 
 
 Loss of consciousness 
 
 1 
 
 Embolism 
 
 1 
 
 Hemiparesis 
 
 1 
 
 Hydrocephalus 
 
 1 
 
 Muscle atrophy 
 
 1 
 
 Thrombocytopenia 
 
 1 
 
 Disease progression 
 
 3 
 
 Mental status changes 
 
 4 
 
 Thrombosis 
 
 1 
 
 Sepsis 
 
 1 
 
 Depressed level of consciousness 
 
 1 
 
 Dyspnoea 
 
 2 

The larger number of events related to the central
nervous system is consistent with the impact of the underlying malignant disease in the brain of these patients. Myelosupression, i.e.,
a decrease in the number of bone-marrow derived cells, is expected and consistent with the known toxicities of anthracyclines, which can
be managed by the use of effective supportive care. 

8 

Based on data relating to the mechanism of action of
Berubicin, as well as clinical results from the Phase 1 study in brain tumors performed by Reata, the prior developer of Berubicin, we
are conducting a randomized, controlled multicenter study that will evaluate the efficacy of Berubicin versus Lomustine (CCNU, CeeNU ,
or Gleostine in patients with recurrent glioblastoma. Randomization to the two therapies (Berubicin or Lomustine) will be on a 2:1
basis with 2 patients receiving Berubicin for every patient randomized to Lomustine. Lomustine is a drug considered effective in patients
with glioblastoma that has recurred or progressed following first line therapy. From the data available from the Reata Phase 1 clinical
trial (RTA 744-C-0401), the FDA has agreed that the dosage for Berubicin will be at the maximum tolerated dose MTD determined
in that trial. Thus, patients randomized to the Berubicin arm will receive a 2-hour IV infusion of 7.5 mg/m2 berubicin hydrochloride daily
for three consecutive days followed by 18 days off (21-day cycle). Patients randomized to Lomustine will receive a single oral dose of
130 mg/m2 (rounded to the nearest 5 mg) every 6 weeks, or per the full prescribing information for Lomustine incorporating institutional
standards at each study site. 

Efficacy will be measured by the benefit of Berubicin
vs. Lomustine in terms of overall survival (OS), considered by the FDA as the only endpoint acceptable for clinical trials in Neuro-Oncology
which form the basis for a request for approval of a New Drug Application. Secondary endpoints using accepted radiologic methodology (magnetic
resonance imaging MRI ), including both pre- and post-gadolinium T1-weighted scans and T2/fluid attenuated inversion recovery FLAIR images will evaluate objective response rates (ORR), which include complete responses (CR) and partial responses
(PR) as per RANO (Response Assessment for Neuro-Oncology), and progression free survival at 6 months (PFS6). Additional information to
be collected include event free survival (EFS), corticosteroid usage, neurologic status, quality of life, and safety, and for Berubicin,
the pharmacokinetics (PK) at the dose and schedule employed. The trial will include a pre-planned, non-binding interim futility analysis
which will be conducted by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) to recommend whether this study should continue as planned
based on Berubicin showing statistically significant value as a second-line treatment for patients with glioblastoma compared with Lomustine.
We will conduct this analysis after at least 50 of the patients in the interim analysis population (30-50 of total expected patients
for the trial) can be evaluated as having failed the primary efficacy endpoint (death). This recommendation will review the number of
deaths on each arm to ensure that the overall survival of patients receiving Berubicin shows a statistically significant comparability
to or is even higher than those receiving Lomustine. The median survival of patients receiving second-line treatment for glioblastoma
has historically been shown to be approximately 6 months. We have historically used this 6 months as an estimate for the median time to
a 50 mortality rate. Taking into account the recent rate of enrollment and the number of patients that can be adequately assessed for
their follow-up outcomes, we are anticipating that the DSMB will be able to perform this interim analysis and we can release the data
during the third quarter of 2023. Additional analyses that will be provided based on this data will be comparisons of secondary endpoints,
including progression-free survival (PFS), response rates, and safety assessments. 

Assuming data from the above-described study is positive
(and depending on the strength and quality of such data) at its completion we may seek an expedited pathway to approval to market Berubicin
from relevant regulatory authorities, we may look for a partner with which to conduct a Phase 3 study, or we may attempt to raise sufficient
capital to conduct such a study on our own. The goal of these potential Phase 3 studies, should they be necessary, is to develop a body
of evidence to support a successful application with the FDA and/or other similar regulatory agencies around the world. Should we obtain
approval from the FDA or other international regulatory agencies to market Berubicin, we will either partner with third parties to sell
and distribute it to physicians and patients, or we will develop our own sales force to do so. 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive segment of the pharmaceutical
market, which market is highly competitive as a whole. We face competition from numerous sources including commercial pharmaceutical and
biotechnology enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors
may have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing and marketing resources. Additionally, many universities
and private and public research institutes are active in cancer research, and some may be in direct competition with us. We may also compete
with these organizations to recruit scientists and clinical development personnel. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to
be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

The unmet medical need for more effective cancer therapies
is such that oncology drugs are one of the leading class of drugs in development. These include a wide array of products against cancer
targeting many of the same indications as our drug candidates. While the introduction of newer targeted agents may result in extended
overall survival, induction therapy regimens are likely to remain a cornerstone of cancer treatment in the foreseeable future. 

9 

The current standard for the initial treatment of glioblastoma
is surgery, followed by radiation in combination with TMZ, followed by maintenance TMZ. Treatment with Lomustine is considered to be the
standard of care for recurrent glioblastoma even though it is not formally approved by the FDA for this purpose, a fact which highlights
the lack of available options for treatment. While the percentage of patients who survive two years from the diagnosis of glioblastoma
has increased because of the use of TMZ, overall survival for GBM patients remains dismal. There are currently at least 77 different experimental
therapies under clinical development in the United States for recurrent GBM based on the clinicaltrials.gov website. Thus, we are operating
in a highly competitive clinical trial environment, moving towards the pharmaceutical market, which is also extremely competitive for
patients with GBM. We also face competition from numerous sources including commercial pharmaceutical and biotechnology enterprises, academic
institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. Many of our competitors may have significantly greater
cancer research capabilities, as well as financial, product development, manufacturing, and marketing resources. Additionally, many universities
and private and public research institutes are active in cancer research, and some may be in direct competition with us. In addition,
we also compete with these organizations to recruit scientists and clinical development personnel. Smaller or early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

Intellectual Property 

Under the HPI License we obtained the exclusive right
to develop certain chemical compounds for use in the treatment of cancer anywhere in the world. We have licensed the right to certain
intellectual property covering products comprised of anthracycline antibiotic compound, methods for manufacture and use for the treatment
of cancer. The licensed intellectual property originally included certain material patents in the United States and their foreign counterparts
throughout the world. The U.S. patents have expired, and as such, we may be subject to increased competition. 

On June 10, 2020, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation ODD for Berubicin for the treatment of malignant gliomas. ODD from the FDA is available for drugs targeting diseases with
less than 200,000 cases per year. ODD may enable market exclusivity of 7 years from the date of approval of a NDA in the United States.
During that period the FDA generally could not approve another product containing the same drug for the same designated indication. Orphan
drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same
active ingredient for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy
or safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market
demand. The ODD now constitutes our primary intellectual property protections although the Company is exploring if there are other patents
that could be filed related to Berubicin to extend additional protections. 

On July 24, 2021,
the Company received Fast Track Designation from the FDA for Berubicin. Fast Track Designation is designed to facilitate the development
and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. 

We are exploring the possibility to file additional
patent applications that potentially might allow for further increase of the exclusive market protection for use of Berubicin. However,
we can provide no assurance that we will be able to file or receive additional patent protection. The failure to receive such additional
patent protection will reduce the barrier to entry for competition for Berubicin, which may adversely affect our operations. 

Governmental Regulation 

Government authorities in the United States, at the
federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring
and reporting, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are developing. The pharmaceutical drug product candidates
that we develop must be approved by the FDA before they may be marketed and distributed. 

10 

In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical
products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and implementing regulations. Pharmaceutical products are also subject to other
federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate
federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure
to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval,
may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA and related enforcement activity could include refusal to approve
pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial
suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal
penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before
a pharmaceutical product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

Completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices or other applicable regulations; 

Submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application, or IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin; 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to the FDA s current good clinical practices GCP ), to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed pharmaceutical product for its intended use; 

Submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new pharmaceutical product; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the pharmaceutical product is produced, to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMP ), to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the pharmaceutical product s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the preclinical and clinical study sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

The lengthy process of seeking required approvals and
the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources and approvals,
and continued compliance is inherently uncertain. 

Before testing any compounds with potential therapeutic
value in humans, the pharmaceutical product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations
of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the pharmaceutical
product candidate. These early proof-of-principle studies are done using sound scientific procedures and thorough documentation. The conduct
of the single and repeat dose toxicology and toxicokinetic studies in animals must comply with federal regulations and requirements including
good laboratory practices. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical
data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. The IND automatically
becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA has concerns and notifies the sponsor. In such a case, the IND sponsor
and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. If resolution cannot be reached within the 30-day
review period, either the FDA places the IND on clinical hold or the sponsor withdraws the application. The FDA may also impose clinical
holds on a pharmaceutical product candidate at any time before or during clinical studies for various reasons. Accordingly, we cannot
be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise
that suspend or terminate such clinical study. 

11 

Clinical studies involve the administration of the
pharmaceutical product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians
not employed by or under the clinical study sponsor s control. Clinical studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other
things, the objectives of the clinical study, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, how the results will be analyzed
and presented and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND.
Clinical studies must be conducted in accordance with GCP. Further, each clinical study must be reviewed and approved by an independent
institutional review board IRB at, or servicing, each institution at which the clinical study will be conducted. An IRB
is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of study participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating
in the clinical studies are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent
form that must be provided to each clinical study subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical study until
completed. 

Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three
sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase 1: The pharmaceutical product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases such as cancer, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients, with a goal of characterizing the safety profile of the drug and establishing a maximum tolerable dose. 

Phase 2: With the maximum tolerable dose established in a Phase 1 trial, the pharmaceutical product is evaluated in a limited patient population at the MTD to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases, to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule and to identify patient populations with specific characteristics where the pharmaceutical product may be more effective. 

Phase 3: Clinical studies are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. The studies must be well controlled and usually include a control arm for comparison. One or two Phase 3 studies are usually required by the FDA for an NDA approval, depending on the disease severity and other available treatment options. In some instances, an NDA approval may be obtained based on Phase 2 clinical data with the understanding that the approved drug can be sold subject to a confirmatory trial to be conducted post-approval. 

Post-approval studies, or Phase 4 clinical studies,
may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies are often used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients
in the intended therapeutic indication. The FDA also may require Phase 4 studies, Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies REMS and post-marketing surveillance, among other things, to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval
that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical
studies must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators
for serious and unexpected adverse events or any finding from tests in laboratory animals that suggests a significant risk for human subjects.
Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical studies may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the
sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical study at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the
research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of
a clinical study at its institution if the clinical study is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if
the pharmaceutical product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

Concurrent with clinical studies, companies may complete
additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the pharmaceutical
product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The
manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the pharmaceutical product candidate and, among other
things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final pharmaceutical product. Additionally,
appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the pharmaceutical product
candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

12 

The results of product development, preclinical studies
and clinical studies, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the pharmaceutical
product, proposed labeling and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the
product. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of substantial user fees. A waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain
limited circumstances. 

The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts
them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing,
the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), the FDA has 10 months after the 60-day filing date in which to complete its initial review of a standard review
NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months after the 60-day filing date for a priority review NDA. The FDA does not always meet
its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs. 

After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA reviews the NDA application to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended
use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength,
quality and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel pharmaceutical products or pharmaceutical products which present difficult
questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation
and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations
of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the pharmaceutical product approval
process, the FDA also will determine whether a REMS is necessary to assure the safe use of the pharmaceutical product. If the FDA concludes
that a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. 

Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facilities
at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities
are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally,
before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites as well as the site where the pharmaceutical product
is manufactured to assure compliance with GCP and cGMP. If the FDA determines the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing
facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information.
In addition, the FDA will require the review and approval of product labeling. 

The NDA review and approval process is lengthy and
difficult, and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional
clinical data or other data and information. Even if such data and information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA
does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data
differently than we interpret the same data. The FDA will issue a complete response letter if the agency decides not to approve the NDA.
The complete response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified
may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical studies. Additionally, the
complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval.
If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the
letter, or withdraw the application. 

If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval
may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict
the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included
in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing which involves clinical studies designed to further assess pharmaceutical
product safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have
been commercialized. 

13 

Expedited Development and Review Programs 

On July 24, 2021,
the Company received Fast Track Designation from the FDA for Berubicin. 

The FDA s Fast Track program is intended to expedite
or facilitate the process for reviewing new pharmaceutical products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new pharmaceutical products
are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet
medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which
it is being studied. Unique to a Fast Track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA on a rolling basis before the
complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA, if the FDA determines
that the schedule is acceptable and if the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. 

Any product submitted to the FDA for market, including
a Fast Track program, may also be eligible for other FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review
and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible for priority review if it is intended to treat a serious condition and it offers a significant
improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional
resources to the evaluation of an application for a new pharmaceutical product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate
the review. Additionally, accelerated approval may be available for a product intended to treat a serious condition that provides meaningful
therapeutic benefit over existing treatments, which means the product may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical
studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or
on the basis of an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint. We believe that our potentially pivotal CNS-201 study of Berubicin for
the treatment of recurrent GBM is such a study. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA may require the sponsor to perform adequate
and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies. In addition, the FDA currently requires pre-approval of promotional materials for
products receiving accelerated approval, which could impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast Track designation,
priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Any pharmaceutical products for which the Company receives
FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, cGMP compliance, record-keeping requirements,
reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and
distribution requirements, complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA promotion and advertising
requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, prohibitions on promoting pharmaceutical products
for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the pharmaceutical product s approved labeling (known as off-label
use ), industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply
with FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, actions by the U.S.
Department of Justice and/or U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, mandated corrective advertising
or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available pharmaceutical products
for off-label uses, manufacturers may not directly or indirectly market or promote such off-label uses. 

We expect to rely on third parties for the production
of clinical and commercial quantities of our products. Manufacturers of our products are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing
requirements contained in the FDA s cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality
assurance, as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Pharmaceutical product manufacturers and other entities
involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved pharmaceutical products are required to register their establishments with the
FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance
with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality
control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer
or holder of an approved NDA, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally
require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications
and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. 

14 

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and
reimbursement status of any pharmaceutical product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in
markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part upon
the availability of reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government payers such as Medicare and Medicaid,
managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payer will provide coverage
for a pharmaceutical product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payer will pay for
the pharmaceutical product. Third-party payers may limit coverage to specific pharmaceutical products on an approved list, or formulary,
which might not, and frequently does not, include all of the FDA-approved pharmaceutical products for a particular indication. Third-party
payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services,
in addition to their safety and efficacy. A payer s decision to provide coverage for a pharmaceutical product does not imply that
an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. In addition, in the United States there is
a growing emphasis on comparative effectiveness research, both by private payers and by government agencies. We may need to conduct expensive
pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs
required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our pharmaceutical product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective.
To the extent other drugs or therapies are found to be more effective than our products, payers may elect to cover such therapies in lieu
of our products and/or reimburse our products at a lower rate. 

Orphan Drug exclusivity prevents for seven years the
approval of another product with the same active moiety for the same rare disease. On June 10, 2020, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation
for Berubicin for the treatment of malignant gliomas. If a product is a new chemical entity (i.e., generally that the moiety has not previously
been approved), it may receive five years of exclusivity, during which period FDA may not accept for review certain NDAs for another product
with the same moiety. If approval of a product required new clinical data, it may convey three years of exclusivity against approval of
certain NDAs for similar products. 

The marketability of any pharmaceutical product candidates
for which we may receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payers fail to provide adequate
coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect this will continue
to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even
if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we may receive regulatory approval, less
favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

International Regulation 

In addition to regulations in the United States, we
will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our future drugs.
Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a drug, we must obtain approval of a drug by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign
countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the drug in those countries. The approval process varies from country
to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical
trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 

Under European Union regulatory systems, marketing
authorizations may be submitted either under a centralized or mutual recognition procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the
grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states. The mutual recognition procedure provides
for mutual recognition of national approval decisions. Under this procedure, the holder of a national marketing authorization may submit
an application to the remaining member states. Within 90 days of receiving the applications and assessment report, each member state must
decide whether to recognize approval. 

In addition to regulations in Europe and the United
States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial distribution of our future drugs. 

15 

License Agreements 

On November 21, 2017, we entered into a Collaboration
and Asset Purchase Agreement with Reata (the Reata Agreement ). Pursuant to the Reata Agreement we purchased all of Reata s
intellectual property and development data regarding Berubicin, including all trade secrets, knowhow, confidential information and other
intellectual property rights. 

On December 28, 2017, the Company entered into a Technology
Rights and Development Agreement with Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. HPI ). HPI is affiliated with Dr. Waldemar Priebe, our
founder. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company obtained a worldwide exclusive license to the chemical compound commonly known as WP744.
In exchange for these rights, the Company agreed to pay consideration to HPI as follows: (i) a royalty of 2 of net sales of any product
utilizing WP744 for a period of ten years after the first commercial sale of such; and (ii) 100,000 upon beginning Phase II clinical
trials (paid in 2021); and (iii) 200,000 upon the approval by the FDA of a New Drug Application for any product utilizing WP744; and
(iv) a series of quarterly development payments totaling 750,000 beginning immediately after the Company s raise of 7,000,000
of investment capital. In addition, the Company issued 6,667 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 1.35 per share to HPI
upon execution of the agreement. On November 13, 2019, the Company closed its IPO, thereby fulfilling all conditions precedent and completing
the acquisition of the intellectual property discussed in the HPI agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized 275,000 and 450,000 related to this agreement, respectively. Unrelated to this agreement, from time to time, the Company
purchases pharmaceutical products from HPI which are necessary for the manufacturing of Berubicin API and drug product in related party
transactions which are reviewed and approved by the Company s audit committee based upon the standards of providing superior pricing
and time to delivery than that available from unrelated third parties. 

With the Reata Agreement and the HPI License, we believe
we have obtained all rights and intellectual property necessary to develop Berubicin. As stated earlier, it is our plan to obtain additional
intellectual property covering other compounds which, subject to the receipt of additional financing, may be developed into drugs for
brain and other cancers. 

On August 30, 2018, we entered into a sublicense agreement
with WPD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or WPD, pursuant to which we granted WPD an exclusive sublicense, even as to us, for the patent rights
we licensed pursuant to the HPI License within the following countries: Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova,
Romania, Bulgaria, Serbia, Macedonia, Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Croatia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic,
Hungary, Chechnya, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Greece, Austria, and Russia. The sublicense agreement
provides that WPD must use commercially reasonable development efforts to attempt to develop and commercialize licensed products in the
above mentioned territories, which means the expenditure of at least 2.0 million on the development, testing, regulatory approval or
commercialization of the licensed products during the three year period immediately following the date of the sublicense agreement. As
of December 31, 2021, WPD has demonstrated that it has exercised commercially reasonable development efforts under this agreement. In
consideration for the rights granted under the sublicense agreement, to the extent we are required to make any payments to HPI pursuant
to the HPI License as a result of this sublicense agreement, WPD agreed to advance us such payments, and to pay us a royalty equal to
1 of such payments. WPD is a Polish corporation that is majority-owned by an entity controlled by Dr. Priebe, our founder. 

On August 31, 2018, we entered into a sublicense agreement
with Animal Life Sciences, LLC, or ALI, pursuant to which we granted ALI an exclusive sublicense, even as to us, for the patent rights
we licensed pursuant to the HPI License solely for the treatment of cancer in non-human animals through any type of administration. In
consideration for the rights granted under the sublicense agreement, ALI agreed to issue us membership interests in ALI equal to 1.52 
of the outstanding ALI membership interests. As additional consideration for the rights granted, to the extent we are required to make
any payments to HPI pursuant to the HPI License as a result of this sublicense agreement, ALI agreed to advance us such payments, and
to pay us a royalty equal to 1 of such payments. Dr. Priebe, our founder, holds 38 of the membership interests of ALI. 

16 

On January 10, 2020, Company entered into a Patent
and Technology License Agreement (the WP1244 Agreement with The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an
agency of the State of Texas, on behalf of UTMDACC. Pursuant to the WP1244 Agreement, the Company obtained a royalty-bearing, worldwide,
exclusive license to certain intellectual property rights, including patent rights, related to the WP1244 drug technology. In consideration,
the Company must make payments to UTMDACC including an up-front license fee, annual maintenance fee, milestone payments and royalty payments
(including minimum annual royalties) on sales of licensed products developed under the Agreement. The term of the Agreement expires on
the last to occur of: (a) the expiration of all patents subject to the Agreement, or (b) fifteen years after execution; provided that
UTMDACC has the right to terminate this Agreement in the event that the Company fails to meet certain commercial diligence milestones.
The commercial diligence milestones are as follows (i) initiated PC toxicology to support filing of Investigational New Drug Application IND or New Drug Application NDA for the Licensed Product within the eighteen (18) month period following
the Effective Date (ii) file and IND for the Licensed Product within three (3) year period following the Effective Date and (iii) Commencement
of Phase I Study within the five (5) year period following the Effective Date. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company paid 58,223 and 48,668 to UTMDACC related to this agreement, respectively. 

On May 7, 2020, pursuant to the WP1244 Agreement
described above, the Company entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with UTMDACC to perform research relating to novel anticancer
agents targeting CNS malignancies. The Company agreed to fund approximately 1,134,000 over a two-year period. During the year ended December
31, 2020, the Company paid 334,000 and accrued 400,000 related to this agreement in research and development expenses in the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid 800,000 to UTMDACC related to this agreement.
The principal investigator for this agreement is Dr. Priebe. The work conducted under this Sponsored Research Agreement has produced a
new mesylate salt of WP1244 termed WP1874. We believe the enhanced solubility of this salt may increase its ability to be formulated for
use in an IV infusion, while maintaining similar potency and toxicity characteristics. As such, WP1874 will be the primary focus in our
development efforts of the WP1244 portfolio. This agreement was extended and expired on March 31, 2023. 

On March 20, 2020, we entered into a Development Agreement
with WPD Pharmaceuticals WPD (the Development Agreement ), a company founded by Dr. Priebe. Pursuant to the
Development Agreement, WPD agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts in good faith to develop and commercialize certain products
that WPD had previously sublicensed, solely in the field of pharmaceutical drug products for the treatment of any viral infection in humans,
with a goal of eventual approval of in certain territories consisting of: Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Romania,
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Greece, Austria, Russia, Netherlands, Turkey,
Belgium, Switzerland, Sweden, Portugal, Norway, Denmark, Ireland, Finland, Luxembourg, Iceland. Pursuant to the Development Agreement,
we agreed to pay WPD the following payments: (i) an upfront payment of 225,000 to WPD (paid in April 2020); and (ii) within thirty days
of the verified achievement of the Phase II Milestone, (such verification shall be conducted by an independent third party mutually acceptable
to the parties hereto), we will make a payment of 775,000 to WPD. WPD agreed to pay us a development fee of 50 of the net sales for
any products in the above territories; provided that Poland shall not be included as a territory after WPD receives marketing approval
for a product in one-half of the countries included in the agreed upon territories or upon the payment by WPD to us of development fees
of 1.0 million. The term of the Development Agreement will expire on the expiration of the sublicense pursuant to which WPD has originally
sublicensed the products, which will occur upon the expiration of the patents subject to the sublicense agreement, the earliest of which
expires in 2024. 

On February 19, 2021, CNS entered into an Investigational
Medicinal Product Supply Agreement with WPD, a related party. CNS agreed to sell the Berubicin drug product to WPD at historical cost
of manufacturing without markup so that WPD may conduct the clinical trials contemplated by the sublicense agreement. WPD agreed to pay
CNS the following payments: (i) an upfront payment of 131,073 upon execution of the agreement, (ii) a payment of 262,145 upon
final batch release and certification performed by WPD's subcontractor, and (iii) a final payment of 262,145 upon Clinical Trial
Application acceptance by the relevant regulatory authority. All three milestones were met as of December 31, 2021. In addition, as of
December 31, 2021, the drug product with a cost of approximately 655,000 was delivered to WPD and was held at a third party depot. As
of December 31, 2021, CNS invoiced the three amounts plus pass through cost for a total of 656,938. As of September 30, 2022, the Company
received payments for the first and second amounts due for a total of 393,182 and entered into a settlement agreement whereby WPD agreed
to return 168 vials (approximately 40 of the total) to us in settlement of the final amount owed. On October 24, 2022, the Company received
confirmation from our third party depot service provider that the vials had been transferred into our inventory. As such, this matter
is now fully resolved. 

On November 21, 2022, CNS entered into an Investigational
Medicinal Product Supply Agreement with Pomeranian Medical University PUM in Szczecin, Poland. CNS agreed to sell berubicin
hydrochloride drug product (and related reference standards) to PUM at a discount to the historical cost of manufacturing so that PUM
may conduct an investigator-initiated clinical trial of Berubicin in CNS lymphomas. PUM agreed to pay CNS the following payments: (i)
PLN 5,870.27 upon delivery of 2 vials each of berubicin and berubicinol reference standards, (ii) PLN 873,201.00 upon delivery of
a first batch of 150 berubicin drug product vials, and (iii) PLN 873,201.00 upon delivery of a second batch of 150 berubicin drug
product vials. As of December 31, 2022, the reference standards had been delivered and were recognized in Accounts Receivable
and as a reduction to research development expense. As of March 29, 2023, the first batch of berubicin drug product vials have been
ordered but not yet delivered. 

17 

Employees 

As of March 29, 2023, we had three full time employees.
We also have two part-time employees serving as our chief medical and scientific officers, and accordingly, a high percentage of the work
performed for our development projects is conducted by qualified part-time staff and independent contractors. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time in the ordinary course of our business,
we may be involved in legal proceedings, the outcomes of which may not be determinable. The results of litigation are inherently unpredictable.
Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of
management time and result in diversion of significant resources. We have insurance policies covering any potential losses where such
coverage is cost effective. 

We are not at this time involved in any additional
legal proceedings that we believe could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Properties 

Our corporate and executive offices are located in
a leased facility in Houston, Texas. We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable space will be
available as and when needed. We do not own any real property. 

Available Information 

Our Internet address is www.cnspharma.com . On
this Web site, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;
our Current Reports on Form 8-K; our proxy statements related to our annual stockholders meetings; and any amendments to those
reports or statements. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. All such filings are also available on our Web site free of charge.
The charters of our audit, nominating and governance and compensation committees and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy are
also available on our Web site and in print to any stockholder who requests them. The content on our Web site is not incorporated by reference
into this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the material risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Form 10-K. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be
materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Company s Business and Industry 

We will require substantial funding, which may not be available to us
on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay, limit, reduce or cease our operations. 

We are using the proceeds from our IPO and subsequent
funding to, among other uses, advance Berubicin through clinical development. Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting
preclinical studies and clinical trials, is expensive. We will require substantial additional future capital in order to complete clinical
development and commercialize Berubicin. If the FDA requires that we perform additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials, our expenses
would further increase beyond what we currently expect and the anticipated timing of any potential approval of Berubicin would likely
be delayed. Further, there can be no assurance that the costs we will need to incur to obtain regulatory approval of Berubicin will not
increase. 

18 

We will continue to require substantial additional
capital to continue our clinical development and commercialization activities. Because successful development of our product candidates
is uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual amount of funding we will require to complete research and development and commercialize
our products under development. 

We estimate that we will require additional financing
of approximately 8.0 to 12.0 million to complete the Phase 2 trial for Berubicin (taking into account our cash on hand as of December
31, 2022 of approximately 10.1 million), approximately 5.0 million to support near-term WP1244/WP1874 preclinical work, plus such additional
working capital to fund our operations during the pendency of the trial. The timing and costs of clinical trials are difficult to predict
and as such the foregoing estimates may prove to be inaccurate. We have no commitments for such additional needed financing and will likely
be required to raise such financing through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. 

The amount and timing of our future funding requirements
will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: 

whether our plan for clinical trials will be completed on a timely basis; 

whether we are successful in obtaining an accelerated approval pathway with the FDA related to Berubicin; 

the progress, costs, results of and timing of our clinical trials for Berubicin; 

the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals; 

the costs associated with securing and establishing commercialization and manufacturing capabilities; 

market acceptance of our product candidates; 

the costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in businesses, products, product candidates and technologies; 

our ability to maintain, expand and enforce the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 

our need and ability to hire additional management and scientific and medical personnel; 

the effect of competing drug candidates and new product approvals; 

our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; and 

the economic and other terms, timing of and success of our existing licensing arrangements and any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future. 

Some of these factors are outside of our control. We
may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, government or other third-party funding, commercialization,
marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. Additional funding may
not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the
rights of our stockholders. 

19 

If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis,
we may be required to significantly curtail one or more of our research or development programs. We also could be required to seek funds
through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or
product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 

The report of our independent registered public accounting firm expresses
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Such going concern opinion could impair our ability
to obtain financing. 

Our auditors have indicated in their report on our
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability
to finance our operations through the sale of equity, incurring debt, or other financing alternatives. Our ability to continue as a going
concern will depend upon the availability and terms of future funding. If we are unable to achieve this goal, our business would be jeopardized
and we may not be able to continue. If we ceased operations, it is likely that all of our investors would lose their investment. 

Our success depends greatly on the success of Berubicin s
development for the treatment of glioblastoma, and our pipeline of product candidates beyond this lead indication is extremely early stage
and limited. 

Other than Berubicin, we do not have any other
clinical-stage drug candidates in our portfolio. As such, we are dependent on the success of Berubicin in the near term. We cannot provide
you any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance Berubicin through the development process. 

We have in the past completed related party transactions, some of which
that were not conducted on an arm s length basis. 

We have entered into transactions with entities affiliated
with our founder, Dr. Waldemar Priebe, including: 

We acquired the patent rights to Berubicin pursuant to a license agreement with Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

We entered into a sublicense agreement with WPD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an entity with which Dr. Priebe is affiliated, which granted a WPD a license to Berubicin in a specified territory (primarily in eastern Europe and western Asia). 

We entered into a sublicense agreement with Animal Life Sciences, LLC ALI ), which granted an exclusive sublicense to Berubicin for the treatment of cancer in non-human animals. 

We entered into a development agreement with WPD Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which granted us an economic interest in WPD s development of an anti-viral portfolio. 

We entered into the above agreements related to Berubicin
with HPI, WPD (the sublicense agreement) and ALI prior to our IPO, at a time during which we did not have an independent board of directors.
As such, due to the related party relationship between our Company and these entities, the negotiation of these agreements was not conducted
on an arm s length basis. As such, it is possible that the terms were less favorable to us than in a transaction negotiated in an
arm s length transaction. 

We have never been profitable, we have no products approved for commercial
sale, and we have not generated any revenue from product sales. As a result, our ability to reduce our losses and reach profitability
is unproven, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. Therefore, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

We have never been profitable and do not expect to
be profitable in the foreseeable future. We have not yet submitted any drug candidates for approval by regulatory authorities in the United
States or elsewhere. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating cash flow from sales that are sufficient
to fund operations or finding adequate financing to support our operations. To date, we have had no revenues and have relied on equity-based
financing from the sale of securities in public and private placements and the issuance of convertible notes. The continuation of the
Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue operations and the attainment
of profitable operations. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of 50,715,677 since inception and had
not yet generated any revenue from operations. Additionally, management anticipates that its cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 is sufficient
to fund its planned operations into but not beyond the third quarter of 2023. 

20 

To date, we have devoted most of our financial resources
to corporate overhead, preparing for and conducting the clinical trial and marketing of our securities. We have not generated any revenues
from product sales. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue
our development of and seek regulatory approvals for Berubicin and WP1244/WP1874, prepare for and begin the commercialization of any approved
products, and add infrastructure and personnel to support our continuing product development efforts. We anticipate that any such losses
could be significant for the next several years. If Berubicin or any of our other drug candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain
regulatory approval, or if our drug candidates do not achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. As a result of the foregoing,
we expect to continue to experience net losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These net losses and negative cash
flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated
with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if,
we will be able to achieve profitability. In addition, our expenses could increase if we are required by the FDA to perform studies or
trials in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in completing our clinical trials or the development of any
of our drug candidates. The amount of future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability
to generate revenues. 

We have a limited operating history and we expect a number of factors
to cause our operating results to fluctuate on an annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 

We are a clinical pharmaceutical company with limited
operating history. Our operations to date have been limited to acquiring our technology portfolio, preparing for and conducting our Berubicin
clinical trial, and pre-clinical work related to other drug candidate, WP1244/WP1874. We have not yet obtained any regulatory approvals
for any of our drug candidates. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they
could be if we had a longer operating history or approved products on the market. Our operating results are expected to significantly
fluctuate from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating
to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations include: 

any delays in regulatory review and approval of our product candidates in clinical development, including our ability to receive approval from the FDA for Berubicin; 

delays in the commencement, enrollment and timing of clinical trials; 

difficulties in identifying patients suffering from our target indications; 

the success of our clinical trials through all phases of clinical development; 

potential side effects of our product candidate that could delay or prevent approval or cause an approved drug to be taken off the market; 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop drug candidates; 

our ability to identify and develop additional drug candidates beyond Berubicin; 

competition from existing products or new products that continue to emerge; 

our ability to adhere to clinical trial requirements directly or with third parties such as contract research organizations (CROs); 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing, or other arrangements; 

21 

our ability to defend against any challenges to our intellectual property including, claims of patent infringement; 

our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights against potential competitors; 

our ability to secure additional intellectual property protection for our developing drug candidates and associated technologies; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively; and 

potential product liability claims. 

These factors are our best estimates of possible factors
but cannot be considered a complete recitation of possible factors that could affect the Company. Accordingly, the results of any historical
quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. 

We cannot be certain that Berubicin will receive regulatory approval,
and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market Berubicin. 

Our business currently depends largely on the successful
development and commercialization of Berubicin. Our ability to generate revenue related to product sales, if ever, will depend on the
successful development and regulatory approval of Berubicin for the treatment of glioblastoma. 

We currently have no products approved for sale and
we cannot guarantee that we will ever have marketable products. The development of a product candidate and issues relating to its approval
and marketing are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and regulatory authorities in other countries, with
regulations differing from country to country. We are not permitted to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive
approval of an NDA from the FDA. We have not submitted any marketing applications for any of our product candidates. 

NDAs must include extensive preclinical and clinical
data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. NDAs
must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product. Obtaining approval of an
NDA is a lengthy, expensive, and uncertain process, and we may not be successful in obtaining approval. The FDA review processes can take
years to complete, and approval is never guaranteed. If we submit an NDA to the FDA, the FDA must decide whether to accept or reject the
submission for filing. We cannot be certain that any submissions will be accepted for filing and review by the FDA. Regulators in other
jurisdictions have their own procedures for approval of product candidates. Even if a product is approved, the FDA may limit the indications
for which the product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming clinical
trials or reporting as conditions of approval. Regulatory authorities in countries outside of the United States and Europe also have requirements
for approval of drug candidates with which we must comply with prior to marketing in those countries. Obtaining regulatory approval for
marketing of a product candidate in one country does not ensure that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval in any other country.
In addition, delays in approvals or rejections of marketing applications in the United States, Europe or other countries may be based
upon many factors, including regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory
questions regarding different interpretations of data and results, changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development
and the emergence of new information regarding our product candidates or other products. Also, regulatory approval for any of our product
candidates may be withdrawn. 

If we are unable to obtain approval from the FDA, or
other regulatory agencies, for Berubicin and our other product candidates, or if, subsequent to approval, we are unable to successfully
commercialize Berubicin or our other product candidates, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become profitable or to
continue our operations, likely resulting in the total loss of principal for our investors. 

Any statements in this filing indicating that Berubicin
has demonstrated preliminary evidence of efficacy are our own and are not based on the FDA s or any other comparable governmental
agency s assessment of Berubicin and do not indicate that Berubicin will achieve favorable efficacy results in any later stage trials
or that the FDA or any comparable agency will ultimately determine that Berubicin is effective for purposes of granting marketing approval. 

22 

Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials
could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for Berubicin and our other product
candidates. 

Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion
of clinical trials could increase our product development costs or limit the regulatory approval of our product candidates. We do not
know whether any future trials or studies of our other product candidates will begin on time or will be completed on schedule, if at all.
The start or end of a clinical study is often delayed or halted due to changing regulatory requirements, manufacturing challenges, including
delays or shortages in available drug product, required clinical trial administrative actions, slower than anticipated patient enrollment,
changing standards of care, availability or prevalence of use of a comparative drug or required prior therapy, clinical outcomes or financial
constraints. For instance, delays or difficulties in patient enrollment or difficulties in retaining trial participants can result in
increased costs, longer development times or termination of a clinical trial. Clinical trials of a new product candidate require the enrollment
of a sufficient number of patients, including patients who are suffering from the disease the product candidate is intended to treat and
who meet other eligibility criteria. The rates of patient enrollment are affected by many factors, including the size of the patient population,
the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, that include the age and condition of the patients and the stage and severity of disease,
the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites and the availability of effective treatments and/or availability
of investigational treatment options for the relevant disease. 

A product candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage
of preclinical and clinical development. The historical failure rate for product candidates is high due to scientific feasibility, safety,
efficacy, changing standards of medical care and other variables. The results from preclinical testing or early clinical trials of a product
candidate may not predict the results that will be obtained in later phase clinical trials of the product candidate. We, the FDA or other
applicable regulatory authorities may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including, but not
limited to, a belief that subjects participating in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects,
or other adverse initial experiences or findings. We may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into
collaborations for, a product candidate if we experience any problems or other unforeseen events that delay or prevent regulatory approval
of, or our ability to commercialize, product candidates, including, but not limited to: 

inability to obtain sufficient funds required for a clinical trial; 

inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or abandon a program; 

serious and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by subjects in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to our product candidates; 

conditions imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

difficulty in enrolling research subjects in clinical trials including the inability to enroll any subjects at all; 

high dropout rates and high fail rates of research subjects; 

inadequate supply or quality of product candidate components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 

greater than anticipated clinical trial costs; 

poor effectiveness of our product candidates during clinical trials; or 

unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of a clinical trial site or vendor. 

23 

We have never completed a clinical trial or submitted an NDA before,
and any product candidate we advance through clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory
approval. 

Clinical failure can occur at any stage of our clinical
development. Clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and our collaborators or we may decide, or regulators may require
us, to conduct additional clinical trials or nonclinical studies. In addition, data obtained from trials and studies are susceptible to
varying interpretations, and regulators may not interpret our data as favorably as we do, which may delay, limit, or prevent regulatory
approval. Success in preclinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that subsequent clinical trials will generate the same
or similar results or otherwise provide adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of a product candidate. Many companies in
the pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in clinical
trials, even after seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. 

In addition, the design of a clinical trial can determine
whether its results will support approval of a product and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical
trial is well advanced. We may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval. Further, clinical trials
of potential products often reveal that it is not practical or feasible to continue development efforts. 

If Berubicin is found to be unsafe or lack efficacy, we will not be
able to obtain regulatory approval for it and our business would be materially and possibly irreparably harmed. 

In some instances, there can be significant variability
in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in
trial protocols, differences in composition of the patient populations, adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols and
the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. We do not know whether any clinical trials we or any of our potential future collaborators
may conduct will demonstrate the consistent or adequate efficacy and safety that would be required to obtain regulatory approval and market
any products. If we are unable to bring Berubicin to market, or to acquire other products that are on the market or can be developed,
our ability to create long-term stockholder value will be limited. 

Interim or preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce
or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that
could result in material changes in the final data. 

We may publicly disclose preliminary data from our
clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions
are subject to change following a full analysis of all data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations,
and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all
data. As a result, the preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions
or considerations may qualify such results once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary data also remain subject
to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously
published. As a result, preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. We may also disclose interim
data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the
clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between
preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of preliminary or interim
data by us could result in volatility in the price of shares of our common stock. 

In addition, others, including regulatory agencies,
may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance
of data differently, which could impact the approvability of the particular drug candidate and our business in general. In addition, the
information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information,
and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure,
and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views,
activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug candidate or our business. If the interim data that we report differ from actual results,
or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for and commercialize
our current or any our future drug candidate, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition may be materially harmed. 

24 

The COVID-19 outbreak has in the past and may in the future delay
recruitment in our clinical trials. 

The COVID-19 outbreak has in the past and may in
the future slow potential enrollment of clinical trials and reduce the number of eligible patients for our clinical trials. The COVID-19
outbreak and mitigation measures also have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have
an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. The extent to
which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business and operations will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 

Our product candidates may have undesirable side effects that may delay
or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received, require them to be taken off the market, require them to include safety warnings
or otherwise limit their sales. 

Unforeseen side effects from any of our product candidates
could arise either during clinical development or, if Berubicin (or our other product candidates) are approved, after the approved product
has been marketed. The range and potential severity of possible side effects from therapies such as Berubicin (or our other product candidates)
are significant. If Berubicin (or our other product candidates) causes undesirable or unacceptable side effects in the future, this could
interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and result in the failure to obtain or suspension or termination of marketing approval from the
FDA and other regulatory authorities, or result in marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities only with restrictive
label warnings. 

If any of our product candidates receives marketing
approval and we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by such products: 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, a contraindication or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

we may be required to change instructions regarding the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; 

we may be subject to limitations on how we may promote the product; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly; 

regulatory authorities may require us to take our approved product off the market; 

we may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us or our potential
future collaborators from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase commercialization
costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenues from the sale of our products. 

25 

If the FDA does not find the manufacturing facilities of our future
contract manufacturers acceptable for commercial production, we may not be able to commercialize any of our product candidates, or such
commercialization efforts may be delayed until we can contract with manufacturers with facilities acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory
authorities. 

We do not have any manufacturing capabilities and we
do not intend to manufacture the pharmaceutical products that we plan to sell. We utilize contract manufacturers for the production of
the active pharmaceutical ingredients and the formulation of drug product for our pre-clinical development and clinical trials of Berubicin
that we will need to conduct prior to seeking regulatory approval. However, we do not have agreements for supplies of Berubicin or any
of our other product candidates and we may not be able to reach agreements with these or other contract manufacturers for sufficient supplies
to commercialize Berubicin if it is approved. Additionally, the facilities used by any contract manufacturer to manufacture Berubicin
or any of our other product candidates must be the subject of a satisfactory inspection before the FDA approves the product candidate
manufactured at that facility. We will be completely dependent on these third-party manufacturers for compliance with the requirements
of U.S. and non-U.S. regulators for the manufacture of our finished products. If our manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material
that conform to our specifications and the FDA s current good manufacturing practice standards, or cGMP, and other requirements
of any governmental agency whose jurisdiction to which we are subject, our product candidates will not be approved or, if already approved,
may be subject to recalls. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured our
product candidates, including: 

the possibility that we are unable to enter into a manufacturing agreement with a third party to manufacture our product candidates; 

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreements by the third parties because of factors beyond our control; and 

the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreements by the third parties before we are able to arrange for a qualified replacement third-party manufacturer. 

Any of these factors could cause the delay of approval
or commercialization of our product candidates, cause us to incur higher costs or prevent us from commercializing our product candidates
successfully. Furthermore, if any of our product candidates are approved and contract manufacturers fail to deliver the required commercial
quantities of finished product on a timely basis at commercially reasonable prices and we are unable to find one or more replacement manufacturers
capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost, in substantially equivalent volumes and quality and on a timely basis, we would
likely be unable to meet demand for our products and could lose potential revenue. It may take several years to establish an alternative
source of supply for our product candidates and to have any such new source approved by the government agencies that regulate our products. 

We have no sales, marketing or distribution experience and we will have
to invest significant resources to develop those capabilities or enter into third-party sales and marketing arrangements, the problems
with which could materially harm our business at any time. 

We have no sales, marketing, or distribution experience.
To develop sales, distribution, and marketing capabilities, we will have to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources,
some of which will need to be committed prior to any confirmation that Berubicin or any of our other product candidates will be approved
by the FDA. For product candidates where we decide to perform sales, marketing, and distribution functions ourselves or through third
parties, we could face a number of additional risks, including that we or our third-party sales collaborators may not be able to build
and maintain an effective marketing or sales force. If we use third parties to market and sell our products, we may have limited or no
control over their sales, marketing and distribution activities on which our future revenues may depend. 

26 

We may not be successful in establishing and maintaining development
and commercialization collaborations, which could adversely affect our ability to develop certain of our product candidates and our financial
condition and operating results. 

Because developing pharmaceutical products, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval, establishing manufacturing capabilities and marketing approved products are expensive,
we may seek to enter into collaborations with companies that have more experience. Additionally, if any of our product candidates receives
marketing approval, we may enter into sales and marketing arrangements with third parties with respect to our unlicensed territories.
If we are unable to enter into arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, we may be unable to effectively market and sell our products
in our target markets. We expect to face competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex
and time consuming to negotiate, document and implement and they may require substantial resources to maintain. We may not be successful
in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements for the development of our product candidates. 

One or more of our collaboration partners may not devote
sufficient resources to the commercialization of our product candidates or may otherwise fail in their commercialization. The terms of
any collaboration or other arrangement that we establish may contain provisions that are not favorable to us, or the favorability of which
is dependent on conditions that are out of our control or unknowable at the time of execution. In addition, any collaboration that we
enter into may be unsuccessful in the development and commercialization of our product candidates. In some cases, we may be responsible
for continuing preclinical and initial clinical development of a product candidate or research program under a collaboration arrangement,
and the payment we receive from our collaboration partner may be insufficient to cover the cost of this development. If we are unable
to reach agreements with suitable collaborators for our product candidates, we would face increased costs, we may be forced to limit the
number of our product candidates we can commercially develop or the territories in which we commercialize them. As a result, we might
fail to commercialize products or programs for which a suitable collaborator cannot be found. If we fail to achieve successful collaborations,
our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

We face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies
and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are
intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We have competitors in the United States, Europe, and
other jurisdictions, including major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical
and generic drug companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have greater financial and other
resources, such as larger research and development staff and more experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations than we do. Large
pharmaceutical companies, in particular, have extensive experience in clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals, recruiting patients
and manufacturing pharmaceutical products. These companies also have significantly greater research, sales and marketing capabilities
and collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Established pharmaceutical companies
may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license novel compounds that could make the
product candidates that we develop obsolete. As a result of all of these factors, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection
and/or FDA approval or discovering, developing and commercializing drugs for the diseases that we are targeting before we do or may develop
drugs that are deemed to be more effective or gain greater market acceptance than ours. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove
to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. In addition, many universities
and private and public research institutes may become active in our target disease areas. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring,
or licensing on an exclusive basis, technologies and drug products that are more effective or less costly than any of our product candidates
that we are currently developing or that we may develop, which could render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. 

27 

If our competitors market products that are more effective,
safer or less expensive or that reach the market sooner than our future products, if any, we may not achieve commercial success. In addition,
because of our limited resources, it may be difficult for us to stay abreast of the rapid changes in each technology. If we fail to stay
at the forefront of technological change, we may be unable to compete effectively. Technological advances or products developed by our
competitors may render our technologies or product candidates obsolete, less competitive or not economical. 

Our licensed U.S. patents expired in March 2020, the expiration of our
patents may subject us to increased competition, and the Orphan Drug Designation we received for Berubicin will not bar approval of other
similar products under certain circumstances. 

The U.S. patents for Berubicin that we licensed from
HPI expired in March 2020, and such expiration may subject us to increased competition. On June 10, 2020, the FDA granted Orphan Drug
Designation ODD for Berubicin for the treatment of malignant gliomas. ODD from the FDA is available for drugs targeting
diseases with less than 200,000 cases per year. ODD may enable market exclusivity of 7 years from the date of approval of an NDA in the
United States. During that period the FDA generally could not approve another product containing the same drug for the same designated
indication. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product
with the same active ingredient for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater
efficacy or safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet
market demand. The ODD now constitutes our primary intellectual property protections although we are exploring if there are other patents
that could be filed related to Berubicin to extend additional protections. However, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to
file or receive additional patent protection. The failure to obtain additional patent protection will reduce the barrier to entry for
competition for Berubicin, which may adversely affect our operations. 

We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings
relating to patent and other intellectual property rights. 

We may from time to time seek to enforce our intellectual
property rights against infringers when we determine that a successful outcome is probable and may lead to an increase in the value of
the intellectual property. If we choose to enforce our patent rights against a party, then that individual or company has the right to
ask the court to rule that such patents are invalid or should not be enforced. Additionally, the validity of our patents and the patents
we have licensed may be challenged if a petition for post grant proceedings such as interpartes review and post grant review is filed
within the statutorily applicable time with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). These lawsuits and proceedings are expensive
and would consume time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel even if we were successful in stopping
the infringement of such patents. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that such patents are not valid and that we
do not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of such patents
is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the other party on the ground that such other party s activities do not infringe our intellectual
property rights. In addition, in recent years the U.S. Supreme Court modified some tests used by the USPTO in granting patents over the
past 20 years, which may decrease the likelihood that we will be able to obtain patents and increase the likelihood of a challenge of
any patents we obtain or license. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees and contractors have
wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors
or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that these employees, or we, have used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary
information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending
against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

28 

If we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets
and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be significantly diminished. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary
technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult
to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, and other
advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential
information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others
may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce
and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our
competitive business position. 

We will need to expand our operations and increase the size of our Company,
and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

As of March 29, 2023, we have 3 full-time employees.
We also have 2 officers serving as part-time employees. As we advance our product candidates through preclinical studies and clinical
trials, we will need to increase our product development, scientific and administrative headcount to manage these programs. In addition,
to meet our obligations as a public company, we may need to increase our general and administrative capabilities. Our management, personnel,
and systems currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. If we are unable to successfully manage this growth
and increased complexity of operations, our business may be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable
to attract and retain key personnel and consultants. 

We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management,
finance, scientific and clinical personnel, and consultants due to the intense competition for qualified personnel and consultants among
biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel and consultants to accomplish
our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our
ability to raise additional capital. 

We are highly dependent on the development, regulatory,
commercialization and business development expertise of our management team, key employees, and consultants. If we lose one or more of
our executive officers or key employees or consultants, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be seriously
harmed. Any of our executive officers or key employees or consultants may terminate their employment at any time. Replacing executive
officers, key employees and consultants may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals
in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products
successfully. Competition to hire and retain employees and consultants from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire,
train, retain or motivate these additional key personnel and consultants. Our failure to retain key personnel or consultants could materially
harm our business. 

In addition, we have scientific and clinical advisors
and consultants who assist us in formulating our research, development, and clinical strategies. These advisors are not our employees
and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us and typically
they will not enter into noncompete agreements with us. If a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and their work for
another entity, we may lose their services. In addition, our advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies
in developing products or technologies that may compete with ours. 

29 

Our chief medical officer and chief science officer are currently working
for us on a part-time basis. Our chief executive officer, chief medical officer and chief science officer, also provide services for other
companies in our industry and such other positions may create conflicts of interest for such officers in the future. 

Certain of our key employees are currently part-time
and/or provide services for other biotechnology development efforts, including companies, with respect to our chief executive officer
and chief medical officer, which are developing anti-cancer drug candidates. Specifically, John M. Climaco, our chairman and chief executive
officer, is also serving as a director for Moleculin Biotech, Inc., a company also actively developing anticancer drugs. Sandra Silberman,
our chief medical officer, is also the chief medical officer for New Products at Moleculin. Donald Picker, our chief science officer,
is the chief scientific officer at Moleculin. 

In addition to our officers part-time status,
since Mr. Climaco, Dr. Silberman and Dr. Picker are associated with other companies that are developing anti-cancer drug candidates, they
may encounter conflicts of interest in the future. Although we do not believe that the drug candidates we are currently pursuing compete
with the types of drug candidates being pursued by the other companies Mr. Climaco, Dr. Silberman and Dr. Picker are associated with,
there is no assurance that such conflicts will not arise in the future. 

We do not expect that our insurance policies will cover all of our business
exposures thus leaving us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk
that our business may encounter. There can be no assurance that we will secure adequate insurance coverage or that any such insurance
coverage will be sufficient to protect our operations to significant potential liability in the future. Any significant uninsured liability
may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

Although dependent on certain key personnel, we do not have any key
man life insurance policies on any such people. 

We are dependent on John M. Climaco, Christopher Downs,
Sandra Silberman, and Donald Picker in order to conduct our operations and execute our business plan, however, we have not purchased any
insurance policies with respect to those individuals in the event of their death or disability. Therefore, if any of John M. Climaco,
Christopher Downs, Sandra Silberman, or Donald Picker die or become disabled, we will not receive any compensation to assist with such
person s absence. The loss of such person could negatively affect us and our operations. 

There are limited suppliers for active pharmaceutical ingredients API used in our drug candidates. Problems with the third parties that manufacture the API used in our drug candidates, or in the supply chain
between the manufacturer and CNS, may delay our clinical trials or subject us to liability. 

We do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities
for clinical or commercial production of the API used in any of our drug candidates. We have no experience in API manufacturing, and we
lack the resources and the capability to manufacture any of the APIs used in our drug candidates, on either a clinical or commercial scale.
As a result, we rely on third parties to supply the API used in each of our drug candidates and commercial couriers to deliver the manufactured
API to us. We expect to continue to depend on third parties to supply the API for our current and future product candidates and to supply
the API in commercial quantities. We are ultimately responsible for confirming that the APIs used in our product candidates are manufactured
in accordance with applicable regulations. 

Our third-party suppliers and couriers may not carry
out their contractual obligations or meet our deadlines. In addition, the API they supply to us may not meet our specifications and quality
policies and procedures or they may not be able to supply the API in commercial quantities. If we need to find alternative suppliers for
the API used in any of our product candidates, we may not be able to contract for such supplies on acceptable terms, if at all. Any such
failure to supply or delay caused by such contract manufacturers or couriers would have an adverse effect on our ability to continue clinical
development of our product candidates or commercialization of our product candidates. 

30 

If our third-party drug suppliers fail to achieve and
maintain high manufacturing standards in compliance with cGMP regulations, we could be subject to certain product liability claims in
the event such failure to comply resulted in defective product that caused injury or harm. 

We may not be able to recover from any catastrophic event affecting
our suppliers. 

Our suppliers may not have adequate measures in place
to minimize and recover from catastrophic events that may substantially destroy their capability to meet customer needs and any measures
they may have in place may not be adequate to recover production processes quickly enough to support critical timelines or market demands.
These catastrophic events may include weather and geologic events such as tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, tidal waves, volcanic eruptions,
and fires as well as infectious disease epidemics, acts of war, acts of terrorism and nationalization of private industry. In addition,
these catastrophic events may render some or all of the products at the affect facilities unusable. 

We may be materially adversely affected in the event of cyber-based
attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption. 

We rely on information technology to process and transmit
sensitive electronic information and to manage or support variety of business processes and activities. We use technology systems to record,
process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial
reporting, legal, and tax requirements. Our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible
to damage, disruptions or shut down student computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or
replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, technology for communication failures, user errors
or catastrophic events. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect proprietary or confidential information
and prevent data loss and other security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security. If our systems are breached or suffer
severe damage, disruption or shutdown and we are unable to effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our business and operating
results may significantly suffer and we may be subject to litigation, government enforcement actions or potential liability. Security
breaches could also cause us to incur significant remediation costs, result in product development delays, disrupt key business operations,
including development of our product candidates, and divert attention of management and key information technology resources. 

Our cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the
financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. 

We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party
financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, insurance limit. Events involving limitations
to liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about
any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example,
on March 10, 2023, the FDIC, took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank (to which the Company had no exposure). If
other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting
the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened
and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

31 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has caused and may cause in the future our financial reports to be
inaccurate. 

We are required pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness
of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were, and continue to be, ineffective
as of December 31, 2022, identified a material weakness in our internal controls due to the lack of sufficient personnel to allow for
segregation of duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available), limited access to timely and complete information regarding
the status of costs incurred in the activation of investigational sites and costs from treating patients in our study which is a result
of the use of a third-party Contract Research Organization CRO to manage the study, and the lack of formal documentation
of our control environment. As a result of the material weakness with the third-party CRO, the Company corrected previously issued financial
statements for the periods ended December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022 to properly reflect
research and development expenses and the related liability in these periods that were previously not recorded.
While management is working to remediate the material weaknesses, there is no assurance that such changes, when economically feasible
and sustainable, will remediate the identified material weaknesses or that the controls will prevent or detect future material weaknesses.
If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our financial statements, including related disclosures,
may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Failure to continue improving our accounting systems and controls could
impair our ability to comply with the financial reporting and internal controls requirements for publicly traded companies. 

As a public company, we operate in an increasingly
demanding regulatory environment, which requires us to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related rules and regulations
of the SEC. Company responsibilities required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act include establishing corporate oversight and adequate internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable
financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. 

Management performed an annual assessment as of
December 31, 2022 of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for its annual report. Our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was, and continues to be, ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to material weaknesses
in our internal controls due to the lack of segregation of duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available), limited
access to timely and complete information regarding the status of costs incurred in the activation of investigational sites and costs
from treating patients in our study which is a result of the use of a third-party Contract Research Organization CRO to
manage the study, and the lack of formal documentation of our control environment. For as long as we remain an emerging growth
company as defined in the JOBS Act, we have and intend to consider to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may continue
to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. To mitigate the lack
of segregation of duties material weaknesses, we engaged an outside firm to assist management with such accounting and will continue to
use outside firms as a resource to deal with other non-recurring or unusual transactions. However, notwithstanding our mitigation efforts,
there is no assurance we will not encounter accounting errors in the future. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent
fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information. 

32 

Our current stockholders ownership may be diluted if additional
capital stock is issued to raise capital, to finance acquisitions or in connection with strategic transactions. 

We intend to seek to raise additional funds, finance
acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which would reduce the percentage ownership
of our existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, to issue all or any
part of our authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 75,000,000
shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Future issuances of common or preferred stock would reduce your influence
over matters on which stockholders vote and would be dilutive to earnings per share. In addition, any newly issued preferred stock could
have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of the common stock. Those rights, preferences, and privileges could include,
among other things, the establishment of dividends that must be paid prior to declaring or paying dividends or other distributions to
holders of our common stock or providing for preferential liquidation rights. These rights, preferences and privileges could negatively
affect the rights of holders of our common stock, and the right to convert such preferred stock into shares of our common stock at a rate
or price that would have a dilutive effect on the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

In May 2020, the SEC issued an order suspending the trading of our common
stock and Nasdaq issued a trading halt in our common stock. 

On May 1, 2020, the SEC, pursuant to Section 12(k)
of the Exchange Act, ordered the temporary suspension of trading in our securities because of questions regarding the accuracy and adequacy
of information in the marketplace about us and our securities. Pursuant to the suspension order, the suspension commenced at 9:30 a.m.
EDT on May 4, 2020 and terminated at 11:59 p.m. EDT on May 15, 2020. On May 15, 2020, Nasdaq issued a trading halt in our common stock
pending the receipt of requested information, which halt was released on May 28, 2020. We believe in the accuracy and adequacy of our
public disclosures, but can provide no assurances that we will not encounter future similar actions, which may adversely affect the holders
of our common stock. 

If we are unable to maintain compliance with the listing requirements
of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and could make it more difficult for you to sell your shares. 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market,
and we are therefore subject to its continued listing requirements, including requirements with respect to the market value of publicly-held
shares, market value of listed shares, minimum bid price per share, and minimum stockholder's equity, among others, and requirements relating
to board and committee independence. If we fail to satisfy one or more of the requirements, we may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital
Market. 

We have in the past, and we may again in the future,
fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, which would subject our common stock to being delisted.
Delisting from The Nasdaq Capital Market would adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private
sale of equity securities, may significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and may negatively affect the value
and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting also could have other negative results, including the potential loss of employee confidence,
the loss of institutional investors or interest in business development opportunities. 

33 

We may be required to repurchase certain of our warrants upon a fundamental
transaction, which may prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us. 

Certain of our warrants to purchase common stock provide
that in the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the related warrant agreement, which generally includes any
merger with another entity, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to another entity, or the
acquisition by a person of more than 50 of our common stock), each warrant holder will have the right at any time prior to the consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction to require us to repurchase the warrant for a purchase price in cash equal to the Black-Scholes value (as
calculated under the warrant agreement) of the then remaining unexercised portion of such common warrant on the date of such Fundamental
Transaction, which may materially adversely affect our financial condition and/or results of operations and may prevent or deter a third
party from acquiring us. 

General Risk Factors 

As a biotechnology company, we may be at an increased risk of securities
class action litigation. 

Historically, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us
because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we were to
be sued, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports
about us, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, then our stock price and trading volume could
decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be influenced
by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our industry and our market. If no analyst elects to
cover us and publish research or reports about us, the market for our common stock could be severely limited and our stock price could
be adversely affected. As a small-cap company, we are more likely than our larger competitors to lack coverage from securities analysts.
In addition, even if we receive analyst coverage, if one or more analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports
on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If one
or more analysts who elect to cover us issue negative reports or adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, our
stock price could decline. 

As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

As an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are an emerging growth company
until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; 

the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our IPO, which occurred in November 2019; 

the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 

the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated issuer as defined under the federal securities laws. 

34 

For so long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholders advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; 

include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; 

may present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD and 

are eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We intend to take advantage of all of these reduced
reporting requirements and exemptions, other than the longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting
standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain of these reduced reporting requirements and
exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller reporting company under SEC rules.
For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s assessment
of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis; are not required to
provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure; and may present only two years of audited financial statements and related
MD A disclosure. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our securities
less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If investors were to find our common stock less attractive as a result of our
election, we may have difficulty raising financing in the future. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

Our corporate and executive offices are in located
in a leased facility in Houston, Texas. We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable space will
be available as and when needed. We do not own any real property. 

35 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time in the ordinary course of our business,
we may be involved in legal proceedings, the outcomes of which may not be determinable. The results of litigation are inherently unpredictable.
Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of
management time and result in diversion of significant resources. However, we are currently not a party to any pending legal actions.
We have insurance policies covering any potential losses where such coverage is cost effective. 

We are not at this time involved in any additional
legal proceedings that we believe could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

36 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol CNSP since November 8, 2019. 

Holders of Common Equity 

As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately
10,000 stockholders of record of our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on
our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not expect
to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained
in any financing instruments, provisions of applicable law and other factors the board deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part III, Item 12 to this Form 10-K for information
relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere
in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
including those set forth under Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements. Actual results and experience could
differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number
of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - Risk Factors. Actual results and
the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a clinical stage pharmaceutical company organized
as a Nevada corporation in July 2017 to focus on the development of anti-cancer drug candidates for the treatment of brain and central
nervous system tumors, based on intellectual property that we license under license agreements with HPI and UTMDACC and own pursuant to
a collaboration and asset purchase agreement with Reata. 

37 

We believe our lead drug candidate, Berubicin, may
be a significant development in the treatment of Glioblastoma and other CNS malignancies, and if approved by the FDA could give Glioblastoma
patients an important new therapeutic alternative to the current standard of care. Glioblastoma are tumors that arise from astrocytes,
which are star-shaped cells making up the supportive tissue of the brain. These tumors are usually highly malignant (cancerous) because
the cells reproduce quickly, and they are supported by a large network of blood vessels. Berubicin is an anthracycline, which is a class
of drugs that are among the most powerful and extensively used chemotherapy drugs known. Based on limited clinical data, we believe Berubicin
is the first anthracycline that appears to cross the blood brain barrier in significant concentrations targeting brain cancer cells. While
our focus is currently on the development of Berubicin, we are also in the process of attempting to secure intellectual property rights
to additional compounds that we plan to develop into drugs to treat CNS cancers. 

Berubicin was discovered at UTMDACC by Dr. Waldemar
Priebe, the founder of the Company. Through a series of transactions, Berubicin was initially licensed to Reata. Reata initiated several
Phase I clinical trials with Berubicin for CNS malignancies, one of which was for malignant gliomas, but subsequently allowed their IND
with the FDA to lapse for strategic reasons. This required us to obtain a new IND for Berubicin before beginning further clinical trials.
On December 17, 2020, we announced that our IND application with the FDA for Berubicin for the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme was
in effect. We dosed the first patient in this trial during the third quarter of 2021. Correspondence between the Company and the FDA resulted
in modifications to our initial trial design, including designating overall survival (OS) as the primary endpoint of the study. OS is
a rigorous endpoint that the FDA has recognized as a basis for approval of oncology drugs when a statistically significant improvement
can be shown relative to a randomized control arm. 

We do not have manufacturing facilities and all manufacturing
activities are contracted out to third parties. Additionally, we do not have a sales organization. 

On November 21, 2017, we entered into a Collaboration
and Asset Purchase Agreement with Reata (the Reata Agreement ). Pursuant to the Reata Agreement we purchased all of Reata s
intellectual property and development data regarding Berubicin, including all trade secrets, knowhow, confidential information and other
intellectual property rights. 

On December 28, 2017, we obtained the rights to a worldwide,
exclusive royalty-bearing, license to the chemical compound commonly known as Berubicin from HPI in an agreement we refer to as the HPI
License. HPI is affiliated with Dr. Priebe, who controls a majority of our shares. Under the HPI License we obtained the exclusive right
to develop certain chemical compounds for use in the treatment of cancer anywhere in the world. In the HPI License we agreed to pay HPI:
(i) development fees of 750,000 over a three-year period beginning November 2019; (ii) a 2 royalty on net sales; (iii) a 50,000 per
year license fee; (iv) milestone payments of 100,000 upon the commencement of a Phase II trial and 1.0 million upon the approval of
an NDA for Berubicin; and (v) 6,667 shares of our common stock. The patents we licensed from HPI expired in March 2020. 

With the Reata Agreement and the HPI License, we believe
we have obtained all rights and intellectual property necessary to develop Berubicin. As stated earlier, it is our plan to obtain additional
intellectual property covering other compounds which, subject to the receipt of additional financing, may be developed into drugs for
brain and other cancers. 

On January 10, 2020, we entered into a Patent and
Technology License Agreement (the WP1244 Agreement with The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an agency
of the State of Texas, on behalf of The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center UTMDACC ). Pursuant to the WP1244
Agreement, we obtained a royalty-bearing, worldwide, exclusive license to certain intellectual property rights, including patent rights,
related to our WP1244 drug technology. In consideration, we must make payments to UTMDACC including an up-front license fee, annual maintenance
fee, milestone payments and royalty payments (including minimum annual royalties) for sales of licensed products developed under the WP1244
Agreement. The term of the WP1244 Agreement expires on the last to occur of: (a) the expiration of all patents subject to the WP1244 Agreement,
or (b) fifteen years after execution; provided that UTMDACC has the right to terminate the WP1244 Agreement in the event that we fail
to meet certain commercial diligence milestones. 

38 

On May 7, 2020, pursuant to the WP1244 Portfolio
license agreement described above, the Company entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with UTMDACC to perform research relating to
novel anticancer agents targeting CNS malignancies. The Company agreed to fund approximately 1,134,000 over a two-year period. The Company
paid and recorded 334,000 in 2020 related to this agreement in research and development expenses in the Company s Statements of
Operations. The remaining 800,000 was paid in 2021. The principal investigator for this agreement is Dr. Priebe. The work conducted under
this Sponsored Research Agreement has produced a new mesylate salt of WP1244 termed WP1874. We believe the enhanced solubility of this
salt may increase its ability to be formulated for use in an IV infusion, while maintaining similar potency and toxicity characteristics.
As such, WP1874 will be the primary focus in our development efforts of the WP1244 portfolio. This agreement was extended and expired
on March 31, 2023. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared
to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense was 5,967,052 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,680,840 for 2021. The change is attributable to an increase of approximately 1,096,000
in professional expenses, 315,000 in employee compensation, 334,000 related to the write off of deferred offering costs and 84,000
in other general and administrative expenses. These changes were offset by decreases of 502,000 in stock-based compensation and advertising
and marketing of 41,000. 

Research and Development Expense 

Research and development expense was 9,300,055 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 9,805,075 for 2021. The decrease in research and development expenses during the period
was mainly attributed to the timing of drug development expenses (significant manufacturing activity occurred in the prior year period
with much less occurring in the current year, and this lower level of manufacturing activity is expected to continue throughout this year),
as well as a credit to research and development expense for the funds collected from WPD Pharmaceuticals related to their purchase of
Berubicin drug product for their clinical trials, partially offset by an increase in contract research organization (CRO) expenses related
to continued progress with our Berubicin clinical trial. Our CRO expenditures are primarily for labor related to activating selected trial
sites, managing patient enrollment processes, collecting and managing data from patient treatments throughout the trial, processing reimbursement
to the sites for patient treatment, and assisting with necessary submissions to amend the IND. CRO expenditures are expected to remain
relatively consistent with the year-to-date run-rate throughout the remainder of the trial as site activation efforts and the associated
costs thereof transition into reimbursing clinical trial sites for patient treatment costs as site and patient enrollment increases. We
expect to incur increased research and development costs in the future as we continue our clinical trial. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 7,027 and 9,285 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 15,274,134 compared to 14,495,200 for 2021. The change in net loss is primarily attributable to decreased research and development costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On December 31, 2022, we had cash of 10,055,407 and
we had working capital of 7,644,386. We have historically funded our operations from proceeds from debt and equity sales. 

39 

In January 2022, we completed a financing with
several institutional investors for the sale of (i) 316,316 shares of common stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of 87,193 shares of common stock and (iii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 403,509 shares of common stock. The combined purchase
price of one share of common stock (or one pre-funded warrant) and accompanying common warrant was 28.50. The gross proceeds from the
private placement were approximately 11.5 million, before deducting the placement agent s fees and other offering expenses. 

In November 2022, we completed a financing with
an institutional investor for the sale of (i) 147,000 shares of common stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of 1,742,764 shares of common stock and (iii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,889,764 shares of common stock. The combined
purchase price of one share of common stock (or one pre-funded warrant) and accompanying common warrant was 3.175. The gross proceeds
from the offering were approximately 5.98 million, before deducting the placement agent s fees and other offering expenses. 

We believe that our cash on hand is sufficient to fund
our planned operations into, but not beyond, the third quarter of 2023. 

Our plan of operations is primarily
focused on completing a clinical trial for Berubicin. We estimate that we will require additional financing of approximately 8 to 12
million to complete the Phase 2 trial for Berubicin (taking into account our cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 of approximately 10.1
million), approximately 5.0 million to support near-term WP1244/WP1874 preclinical work, plus such additional working capital to fund
our operations during the pendency of the trial. Our current expectation is that our cash on hand is sufficient to fund our operations
into the third quarter of 2023. The timing and costs of clinical trials are difficult to predict and trial plans may change in response
to evolving circumstances and as such the foregoing estimates may prove to be inaccurate. 

We will need to raise additional
capital in order to meet our obligations and execute our business plan. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will be required
to develop and implement an alternative plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead or scale back our business plan until sufficient
additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful. 

Summary of Cash Flows 

Cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 10,557,815
and 13,538,309 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and mainly included payments made for drug development (including
the cost of our potentially pivotal trial of Berubicin), contract labor, officer compensation, marketing and professional fees to our
consultants, attorneys and accountants. 

Cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities
was 4,422 and 5,748 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and included payments for furniture and equipment. 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 15,613,127
and 4,509,081 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We received net proceeds of 16,038,093 from the issuance of common
stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities,
established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 

40 

Purchase Commitments 

We do not have any material commitments for capital
expenditures, although we are required to pay certain development fees to HPI as described in the section Overview above. 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or
the JOBS Act, exempts an emerging growth company such as us from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto. We consider critical accounting policies to
be those that require more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements. Management
relies on historical experience and other assumptions believed to be reasonable in making its judgment and estimates. Actual results could
differ materially from those estimates. 

Management believes its application of accounting policies,
and the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are periodically reevaluated, and
adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

41 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 43 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 44 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 45 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 46 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 47 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 48 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders
and Board of Directors of 

 CNS Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheets of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

We have
served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 

March 31,
2023 

43 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

As Revised 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent Assets: 

Prepaid expenses, net of current portion 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred offering costs 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

See accompanying notes to
the financial statements. 

44 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

As Revised 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Total other expenses 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic 

Loss per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

See accompanying notes to
the financial statements. 

45 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for cash, net 

Exercise of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 - As revised 

Common stock issued for cash, net 

Exercise of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to
the financial statements. 

46 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

As Revised 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Write off of deferred offering cost 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Prepaid expense financed with note payable 

See accompanying notes to
the financial statements. 

47 

CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Balance Sheet 
(Unaudited) 
 As of March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Accounts payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Balance Sheet 
(Unaudited) 
 As of June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Accounts payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Balance Sheet 
(Unaudited) 
 As of September 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Accounts payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Statement of Operations 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Statement of Operations 
(Unaudited) 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Statement of Operations 
(Unaudited) 
 
 For the six months ended June 30, 
2022 

As Reported 

Adjustment 

As Revised 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loss per share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Statement of Operations 
(Unaudited) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 
2022 

As Reported 

Adjustment 

As Revised 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Loss per share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Statement of Cash Flows 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Statement of Cash Flows 
(Unaudited) 
 For the three months ended March 31, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Statement of Cash Flows 
(Unaudited) 
 For the six months ended June 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Statement of Cash Flows 
(Unaudited) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2022 

As Reported 
 Adjustment 
 As Revised 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

.
The amount in excess of the FDIC insurance at December 31, 2022 was .
The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes, based upon the quality of the financial
institutions, that the credit risk with regard to these deposits is not significant. 

Computer equipment 
 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 years 
 
 Furniture and office equipment 
 years 

Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. 

The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the
provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740-10 which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for financial
statement disclosure of tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, on its tax return. The Company evaluates and records any uncertain
tax positions based on the amount that management deems is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination and ultimate settlement
with the tax authorities in the tax jurisdictions in which it operates. 

common shares, and options for common shares. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s potentially dilutive shares and options,
which were not included in the calculation of net loss per share, included warrants to purchase common shares, and options for
 common shares. 

, bearing interest at per year to finance certain insurance policies. Principal and interest payments
related to the note will be repaid over a 11-month period with the final payment due on . As of December 31, 2022, the
Company s note payable balance was . 

On November 8, 2021, the Company entered into a short-term note payable
for an aggregate of , bearing interest at per year to finance certain insurance policies. Principal and interest payments
related to the note will be repaid over a 11-month period with the final payment due on . During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company repaid the full balance of the note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s note payable balance
was 0 and , respectively. 

shares of common stock having a par
value of per share. In addition, the Company authorized shares of preferred stock to be issued having a par value of
 . The specific rights of the preferred stock shall be determined by the board of directors. 

On August 25, 2022, the stockholders of the Company
approved an amendment to the Company s amended and restated articles of incorporation (the Amendment to effect the
reverse stock split at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-30, with such ratio to be determined in the discretion of the Company s
board of directors and with such reverse stock split to be effected at such time and date, if at all, as determined by the Company s
board of directors in its sole discretion prior to the one-year anniversary of the annual meeting. 

Pursuant to such authority granted by the Company s stockholders,
the Company s board of directors approved a 

Common Stock 

2022 

The Company engaged H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright ),
to act as placement agent related to the Securities Purchase Agreement described below. The Company agreed to pay Wainwright an aggregate
fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities in the transaction. The Company also issued
to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase up to 5.0 of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the transactions
(the Placement Agent Warrants ), or Placement Agent Warrants. The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the
same terms as the Common Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to 125 of the offering price,
or 35.625 per share. The Company also paid Wainwright for non-accountable expenses and for legal fees and expenses. 

On January 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement with several institutional investors for the sale by the Company of (i) shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of
 shares of common stock and (iii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Common Warrants 
and, collectively with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants ), in a private placement offering. The combined purchase price
of one share of common stock (or one Pre-Funded Warrant) and the accompanying Common Warrant is 28.50. 

Subject to certain ownership limitations, the Warrants are exercisable
upon issuance. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable into one share of common stock at a price per share of 0.001 (as adjusted from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof). Each Common Warrant is exercisable into one share of common stock at a price per share
of 24.60 (as adjusted from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof) and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of
issuance. The gross proceeds from the Purchase Agreement were resulting in net proceeds, after payment of commissions and
expenses, received by the Company of . 

On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor for the sale by the Company of (i) shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded
Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock and (iii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of Common Stock (the Common Warrants and, collectively with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants ),
in a public offering. The combined purchase price of one share of Common Stock and accompanying Common Warrant is 3.175 and the combined
purchase price of one Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Common Warrant is 3.174. 

Subject to certain ownership limitations, the Warrants are exercisable
upon issuance. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable into one share of Common Stock at a price per share of 0.001 (as adjusted from
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof). Each Common Warrant is exercisable into one share of Common Stock at a price per share
of 3.03 (as adjusted from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof) and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of
issuance. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable into one share of Common Stock at a price per share of 0.001 (as adjusted from time
to time in accordance with the terms thereof). The gross proceeds to the Company from the offering were million, resulting in net
proceeds, after payment of commissions and expenses, received by the Company of . 

On November 30, 2022, in connection with the offering, the Company also
entered into a warrant amendment agreement (the Warrant Amendment Agreement with the investor in the offering. Under the
Warrant Amendment Agreement, the Company agreed to amend certain existing warrants (the Existing Warrants to purchase up
to an aggregate of (i) shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and an expiration date of December 28, 2025
and (ii) shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share and an expiration date of January 10, 2027, as follows:
(i) to lower the exercise price of the Existing Warrants to 3.03 per share, and (ii) to extend the expiration date of the Existing Warrants
to five years following the closing of the offering. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright and Brookline Capital Markets, a division of Arcadia Securities, LLC Brookline and collectively with Wainright, the Placement
Agents (the Placement Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to pay the Placement Agents an aggregate
fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities in the transaction. Pursuant to the Placement
Agreement, the Company will also issue to the Placement Agents or their designees warrants to purchase up to 5.0 of the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued in the offering and issuable upon the exercise of the pre-funded warrants issued in the offering (the
 Placement Agent Warrants ), or 94,488 Placement Agent Warrants. The Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same
terms as the Common Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to 125 of the offering price, or
 3.7875 per share, subject to adjustments. The Company also agreed to reimburse certain expenses of Wainwright, including a non-accountable
expense allowance of , legal fees and expenses in an amount up to and clearing fees of . The Company also agreed
to pay Wainwright a tail fee equal to the cash compensation in this offering, if any investor, who was contacted or introduced to the
Company by Wainwright during the term of its engagement, provides the Company with capital in any public or private offering or other
financing or capital raising transaction during the nine-month period following expiration or termination of our engagement of Wainwright.
In addition, with certain exceptions, for a period of seven month following the closing of the offering, the Company has granted Wainwright
the right to act as sole book-runner, sole manager, sole placement agent or sole agent with respect to any financing or refinancing of
indebtedness; and if the Company decides to raise funds by means of a public offering (including at-the-market facility) or a private
placement or any other capital-raising financing of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, the Company has granted Wainwright the right
to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter or sole placement agent for such financing. 

As consideration for entering into a purchase agreement with Lincoln
Park Capital Fund, LLC in fiscal year 2020, the Company recorded as deferred offering costs of 440,902, on the balance sheet. As of December
31, 2021, unamortized deferred offering costs totaled 334,138. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company wrote off the remaining
 deferred offering costs to the statement of operations. 

2021 

In January 2021, the Company entered into a twelve-month agreement with
an investor relations firm that includes the issuance of 834 restricted shares of common stock. Upon signing the agreement, 209 shares
vested immediately, and the remaining 625 shares will vest quarterly over the remainder of the agreement. The Company may terminate the
agreement at any time during the twelve-month period with a fifteen-day notice. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued
 common shares and recognized of stock-based compensation related to the agreement and will issue the remaining shares over
the service period. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock and recognized of expense for investor relations services for a four month period ending
September 2021. 

On February 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Capital on Demand 
Sales Agreement (the Agreement with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC and Brookline Capital Markets, a division of
Arcadia Securities, LLC (collectively, the Agent ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company may sell from time
to time, through the Agent, shares of the Company s common stock with an aggregate sales price of up to 20.0 million. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock to the Agent for net proceeds of . 

Stock Options 

In 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the CNS Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 2017 Stock Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The 2017 Plan allows for the Board of Directors to grant various forms of incentive
awards for up to shares of common stock. No key employee may receive more than 16,667 shares of common stock (or options to purchase
more than 16,667 shares of common stock) in a single year. 

In 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the CNS Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 2020 Stock Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan allows for the Board of Directors to grant various forms of incentive
awards for up to shares of common stock. No key employee may receive more than 25,000 shares of common stock (or options to purchase
more than 25,000 shares of common stock) in a single year. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board
of Directors approved grants of options to officers, employees, board of directors and a consultant. The exercise price of the
options ranges from 54.00 to 100.80 and the options expire ten-years following issuance. The total fair value of these option
grants at issuance was . Of the 24,633 options issued, 4,267 options vest on the first anniversary date of issuance, 2,500 options
have a vesting term of 25 vest upon issuance, 50 vest upon Board approving a business development acquisition and 25 vest over a three
year period in equal installments on each of the succeeding three anniversary dates. The remaining options issued vest in four equal annual
installments beginning on the first anniversary following issuance. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
 and of stock-based compensation, respectively, related to outstanding stock options. At December 31, 2022, the Company
had of unrecognized expenses related to options. 

The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

The aggregate fair value of the options measured during the year ended
December 31, 2021 were calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: 

Risk free interest rate (1) 
 
 to 

Volatility (2) 
 
 to 

Dividend yield (3) 

Expected term (in years) 

(1) 
 The risk-free interest rate was determined by management using the market yield on U.S. Treasury securities with comparable terms as of the measurement date. 
 
 (2) 
 The trading volatility was determined by calculating the volatility of the Company s peer group. 
 
 (3) 
 The Company does not expect to pay a dividend in the foreseeable future. 

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding stock options have a weighted
average remaining term of years and the aggregate intrinsic value of options vested and outstanding were . As of December 31,
2022, there were awards remaining to be issued under the 2017 Plan and awards remaining to be issued under the 2020 Plan. 

Stock Warrants 

The following table summarizes the stock warrant activity for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 
in cash proceeds from the exercise of 
warrants previously issued at an exercise price range of 0.01 to 0.03. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company received 
in cash proceeds from the exercise of 
warrants previously issued at an exercise price of 66.00. In addition, the Company received notices to exercise 
warrants on a cashless basis resulting in the issuance of 
shares of common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 the outstanding and exercisable warrants have a
weighted average remaining term of years and with an intrinsic value of . 

Restricted Stock Units 

On April 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved cash bonuses totaling
 to the officers of the Company. In addition, the officers and employees were awarded a total of Restricted Stock Units
that partially vest over 4 years. The Company valued the RSUs based on the stock price at grant which total . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 
of stock-based compensation, related to outstanding stock RSUs. At December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized expenses
related to outstanding RSUs. 

The following table summarizes the RSUs activity for
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested, December 31, 2022 

Performance Units 

On April 28, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved, the officers
and employees were awarded a total of PUs.
For awards granted in 2022, they vest as follows: (i) 9,521 of the PU grant will vest if within 24 months from issuance the average
the closing price of the Company s common stock over a ten trading day period exceeds 60.00 (subject to pro rata adjustment
for stock splits or similar events), (ii) 9,521 of the PU grant will vest if within 36 months from issuance the average the closing
price of the Company s common stock over a ten trading day period exceeds 120.00 (subject to pro rata adjustment for stock
splits or similar events) and (iii) 9,521 of the PU grant will vest if within 24 months from issuance the Company achieves
 Positive Interim, Clinical Data as defined by the Board of Directors. To the extent that the market and/or
 Positive Interim Clinical Data conditions are not met, the applicable portions of the PUs will not vest and will be
cancelled. The fair value at grant date of these performance units was .
Compensation expense is recognized over the derived service period for the PUs with market conditions and over the requisite service
period for PUs with performance conditions on the date when achievement of such conditions are deemed probable. 

The fair value of each performance unit with market conditions (vesting
terms (i) and (ii)) is estimated at the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions: underlying stock
price 10.02, hurdle prices ranging from 60.00 - 120.00, expected terms ranging from 2-3 years, cost of equity 18.7 and risk-free rate
of 2.8 . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 
for vesting term (i), for vesting term (ii) and for vesting term (iii), related to outstanding stock PUs. At December 31, 2022,
the Company had of unrecognized expenses related to PUs. 

The following table summarizes the PUs activity for
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested, December 31, 2022 

. 

On June 28, 2019, we entered into employment letters with Drs. Silberman
and Picker pursuant to which Dr. Silberman agreed to commit 50 of her time to our matters; and Dr. Picker agreed to commit 25 of his
time to our matters. On February 6, 2021, the compensation committee of the board of directors set Drs. Silberman and Picker 2021 annual
base salaries to and , respectively. 

On September 14, 2019, the Company, entered into an employment agreement
with Christopher Downs to serve as its Chief Financial Officer commencing on the closing date of the Company s IPO, which occurred
on November 13, 2019. The initial term of the Employment Agreement will continue for a period of three years. Pursuant to the employment
agreement, the compensation committee of the board of directors reviews the base salary payable to Mr. Downs annually during the term
of the agreement. On February 6, 2021, the compensation committee of the board of directors set Mr. Downs 2021 annual base salary
to . 

Scientific Advisory Board 

On July 15, 2021, our Board approved the following compensation policy
for the Scientific Advisory Board members. The Scientific Advisory board consisted of Dr. Waldemar Priebe, our founder and related party,
and Dr. Sigmond Hsu. Each scientific advisory board member shall receive annual cash compensation of 68,600. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company paid related to the Scientific Advisory Board compensation. As of August 25, 2022, Dr. Waldemar Priebe is
no longer a member of the Scientific Advisory Board. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued 100,134 related to Mr. Hsu s
Scientific Advisory Board compensation. 

WP744 Portfolio (Berubicin) 

On November 21, 2017, the Company entered into a Collaboration and
Asset Purchase Agreement with Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Reata ). Through this agreement, the Company purchased all of
Reata s rights, title, interest and previously conducted research and development results in the chemical compound commonly known
as Berubicin. In exchange for these rights, the Company agreed to pay Reata an amount equal to 2.25 of the net sales of Berubicin for
a period of 10 years from the Company s first commercial sale of Berubicin plus 10,000. Reata also agreed to collaborate with the
Company on the development of Berubicin, from time to time. 

On December 28, 2017, the Company entered into a Technology Rights and
Development Agreement with Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. HPI ). HPI is affiliated with Dr. Waldemar Priebe, our founder.
Pursuant to this agreement, the Company obtained a worldwide exclusive license to the chemical compound commonly known as WP744. In exchange
for these rights, the Company agreed to pay consideration to HPI as follows: (i) a royalty of 2 of net sales of any product utilizing
WP744 for a period of ten years after the first commercial sale of such; and (ii) 100,000 upon beginning Phase II clinical trials (paid
in 2021); and (iii) 200,000 upon the approval by the FDA of a New Drug Application for any product utilizing WP744; and (iv) a series
of quarterly development payments totaling 750,000 beginning immediately after the Company s raise of 7,000,000 of investment
capital. In addition, the Company issued 6,667 shares of the Company s common stock valued at 1.35 per share to HPI upon execution
of the agreement. On November 13, 2019, the Company closed its IPO, thereby fulfilling all conditions precedent and completing the acquisition
of the intellectual property discussed in the HPI agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
 and related to this agreement, respectively. Unrelated to this agreement, from time to time, the Company purchases pharmaceutical
products from HPI which are necessary for the manufacturing of Berubicin API and drug product in related party transactions which are
reviewed and approved by the Company s audit committee based upon the standards of providing superior pricing and time to delivery
than that available from unrelated third parties. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed and
 respectively related to the purchase of pharmaceutical products from HPI. 

On August 30, 2018, we entered into a sublicense agreement with WPD Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. WPD ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company granted WPD an exclusive sublicense, even as to us, for the patent rights
we licensed pursuant to the HPI License within the following countries: Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Moldova,
Romania, Bulgaria, Serbia, Macedonia, Albania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Croatia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic,
Hungary, Chechnya, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Greece, Austria, and Russia. The sublicense agreement
provides that WPD must use commercially reasonable development efforts to attempt to develop and commercialize licensed products in the
above mentioned territories, which means the expenditure of at least 2.0 million on the development, testing, regulatory approval or
commercialization of the licensed products during the three year period immediately following the date of the sublicense agreement. In
the event that WPD fails to use commercially reasonable development efforts by the foregoing three-year deadline, we have the right to
terminate this sublicense agreement. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has received reports of the WPD expenditures related to this
agreement, has conducted due inquiry into validating those expenditures, and has determined that WPD has exercised commercially reasonable
development efforts and has therefore fulfilled the terms of the agreement necessary to secure their rights under the sublicense in perpetuity
subject to the ongoing obligations of the sublicense. In consideration for the rights granted under the sublicense agreement, to the extent
we are required to make any payments to HPI pursuant to the HPI License as a result of this sublicense agreement, WPD agreed to advance
us such payments, and to pay us a royalty equal to 1 of such payments. WPD is a Polish corporation that is majority-owned by an entity
controlled by Dr. Priebe, our founder. 

On February 19, 2021, CNS entered into an Investigational Medicinal
Product Supply Agreement with WPD, a related party. CNS agreed to sell the Berubicin drug product to WPD at historical cost of
manufacturing without markup so that WPD may conduct the clinical trials contemplated by the sublicense agreement. WPD agreed to pay
CNS the following payments: (i) an upfront payment of 131,073 upon
execution of the agreement, (ii) a payment of 262,145
upon final batch release and certification performed by WPD's subcontractor, and (iii) a final payment of 262,145 upon
Clinical Trial Application acceptance by the relevant regulatory authority. All three milestones have been met as of December 31,
2021. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, the drug product with a cost of approximately 
has been delivered to WPD and is being held at a third party depot. As such, the full amount of approximately 655,000 is due from
WPD. As of December 31, 2021, CNS has invoiced the three amounts plus pass through cost for a total of . As of December 31,
2022, the Company has received payments for the first and second amounts due for a total of 
and has entered into a settlement agreement whereby WPD agreed to return 168 vials (approximately 40 of the total) to us in
settlement of the final amount owed. On October 24, 2022, the Company received confirmation from our third party depot service
provider that the vials had been transferred into our inventory. As such, this matter is now fully resolved. 

On November 21, 2022, CNS entered into an Investigational Medicinal
Product Supply Agreement with Pomeranian Medical University PUM in Szczecin, Poland. CNS agreed to sell berubicin hydrochloride
drug product (and related reference standards) to PUM at a discount to the historical cost of manufacturing so that PUM may conduct an
investigator-initiated clinical trial of Berubicin in CNS lymphomas. PUM agreed to pay CNS the following payments: (i) PLN 5,870.27 upon
delivery of 2 vials each of berubicin and berubicinol reference standards, (ii) PLN 873,201.00 upon delivery of a first batch of 150 berubicin
drug product vials, and (iii) PLN 873,201.00 upon delivery of a second batch of 150 berubicin drug product vials. As of December
31, 2022, the reference standards had been delivered and were recognized in Accounts Receivable and as a reduction to research development
expense. As of March 29, 2023, the first batch of berubicin drug product vials have been ordered but not yet delivered. 

On August 31, 2018, the Company entered into a sublicense agreement with
Animal Life Sciences, LLC ALI ), a related party, pursuant to which we granted ALI an exclusive sublicense, even as to us,
for the patent rights we licensed pursuant to the HPI License solely for the treatment of cancer in non-human animals through any type
of administration. In consideration for the rights granted under the sublicense agreement, ALI agreed to issue us membership interests
in ALI equal to 1.52 of the outstanding ALI membership interests. As additional consideration for the rights granted, to the extent we
are required to make any payments to HPI pursuant to the HPI License as a result of this sublicense agreement, ALI agreed to advance us
such payments, and to pay us a royalty equal to 1 of such payments. Dr. Waldemar Priebe, our founder, is also the founder and a shareholder
of ALI, holds 38 of the membership interests of ALI. 

On June 10, 2020, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation ODD for Berubicin for the treatment of malignant gliomas. ODD from the FDA is available for drugs targeting diseases with less than 200,000
cases per year. ODD may enable market exclusivity of 7 years from the date of approval of a NDA in the United States. During that period
the FDA generally could not approve another product containing the same drug for the same designated indication. Orphan drug exclusivity
will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same active ingredient
for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or providing
a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market demand. The ODD now constitutes
our primary intellectual property protections although the Company is exploring if there are other patents that could be filed related
to Berubicin to extend additional protections. 

On July 24, 2021, the Company received Fast Track Designation from the
FDA for Berubicin. Fast Track Designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious
conditions and fill an unmet medical need. 

WP1244 Portfolio 

On January 10, 2020, Company entered into a Patent and Technology License
Agreement Agreement with The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an agency of the State of Texas, on behalf
of The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center UTMDACC ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company obtained a royalty-bearing,
worldwide, exclusive license to certain intellectual property rights, including patent rights, related to the Company s recently
announced WP1244 drug technology. In consideration, the Company must make payments to UTMDACC including an up-front license fee, annual
maintenance fee, milestone payments and royalty payments (including minimum annual royalties) on sales of licensed products developed
under the Agreement. The term of the Agreement expires on the last to occur of: (a) the expiration of all patents subject to the Agreement,
or (b) fifteen years after execution; provided that UTMDACC has the right to terminate this Agreement in the event that the Company fails
to meet certain commercial diligence milestones. The commercial diligence milestones are as follows (i) initiated PC toxicology to support
filing of Investigational New Drug Application IND or New Drug Application NDA for the Licensed Product
within the eighteen (18) month period following the Effective Date (ii) file and IND for the Licensed Product within three (3) year period
following the Effective Date and (iii) Commencement of Phase I Study within the five (5) year period following the Effective Date. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid and , respectively. 

On May 7, 2020, pursuant to the WP1244 Portfolio license agreement described
above, the Company entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with UTMDACC to perform research relating to novel anticancer agents targeting
CNS malignancies. The Company agreed to fund approximately 1,134,000 over a two-year period. During the year ended December 31, 2020,
the Company paid and accrued related to this agreement in research and development expenses in the Company s Consolidated
Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid to UTMDACC related to this agreement.
The Company has no further payment obligations as of December 31, 2021. This agreement was extended and now expires on March 31, 2023.
The principal investigator for this agreement is Dr. Waldemar Priebe, our founder. 

Anti-Viral Portfolio 

 On March 20, 2020, the Company entered into a Development Agreement Agreement with WPD Pharmaceuticals WPD ),
a company founded by Dr. Waldemar Priebe, the founder of the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, WPD agreed to use its commercially reasonable
efforts in good faith to develop and commercialize certain products that WPD had previously sublicensed, solely in the field of pharmaceutical
drug products for the treatment of any viral infection in humans, with a goal of eventual approval of in certain territories consisting
of: Germany, Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Romania, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Hungary,
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Greece, Austria, Russia, Netherlands, Turkey, Belgium, Switzerland, Sweden, Portugal, Norway, Denmark, Ireland,
Finland, Luxembourg, Iceland. 

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to pay WPD the
following payments: (i) an upfront payment of 
to WPD (paid in April 2020); and (ii) within thirty days of the verified achievement of the Phase II Milestone, (such verification
shall be conducted by an independent third party mutually acceptable to the parties hereto), the Company will make a payment of
 to WPD. WPD agreed
to pay the Company a development fee of 50 of the net sales for any products in the above territories; provided that Poland shall
not be included as a territory after WPD receives marketing approval for a product in one-half of the countries included in the
agreed upon territories or upon the payment by WPD to the Company of development fees of 1.0
million. The term of the Agreement will expire on the expiration of the sublicense pursuant to which WPD has originally sublicensed
the products. 

Nasdaq Capital Markets Listing Qualifications 

On February 18, 2022, the Company received a deficiency letter from the
Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that for the last 30 consecutive
business days the bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued
inclusion in Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). The deficiency letter
does not result in the immediate delisting of the Company s common stock from Nasdaq. 

The Company was initially provided an initial period of 180 calendar days,
or until August 17, 2022, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. The Company was granted a second 180 calendar day period, or until
February 13, 2023, to regain compliance since it met the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all
other initial listing standards required by Nasdaq, except for the minimum bid price requirement. 

On November 28, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors effected a
one-for-thirty (1:30) reverse stock split of the Company s common stock pursuant to such
authority granted by the Company s stockholders at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders completed on August 25, 2022.
On December 13, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it had regained compliance with Bid Price Rule
5550(a)(2) as a result of the closing bid price of the Company s common stock being at 1.00 per share or greater for the 10 consecutive
business days from November 29, 2022 through December 12, 2022. Accordingly, the Company is in compliance with the Bid Price Rule and
Nasdaq considers the matter closed. 

. The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company s
income tax expense as reported is as follows: 

Tax effect of: 

True-ups and non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities
after applying enacted corporate income tax rates are as follows: 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred income tax liability 

Prepaid expenses 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an operating loss carry
forward of approximately ,
which expires commencing in 2037. 

64 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our chief executive officer,
who serves as our principal executive officer, and our chief financial officer, who serves as our principal financial officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our
chief financial officer, concluded that as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed
below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and our chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosure. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent registered public accounting firm will
not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are an emerging
growth company pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our chief executive officer and our chief financial
officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting were, and continue to be ineffective, as of December 31, 2022 due to a lack of segregation
of duties (resulting from the limited number of personnel available), limited access to timely and complete information regarding the
status of costs incurred in the activation of investigational sites and costs from treating patients in our study which is a result of
the use of a third-party Contract Research Organization CRO to manage the study, and the lack of formal documentation
of our control environment. Management is commencing actions to address the lack of formal documentation of our control environment, although
this will not address the lack of segregation of duties. Management is also working with the CRO to improve the timeliness and completeness
of the data reported to the Company to address this material weakness, as well as conducting increased analytical analysis of such data
to be performed by the Company. 

A material weakness is a control deficiency (within
the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard 1305) or combination of control deficiencies
that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected. 

It should be noted that any system of controls, however
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition,
the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and
other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

In light of the material weakness described above,
we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present,
in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

65 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting during our most recent calendar quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

On March 29, 2023, the Board of Directors approved,
based upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee, cash bonuses totaling 550,750 to the officers of the Company. In addition,
the officers were awarded a total of 29,988 Options that partially vest over 4 years, partially vest upon the Company s common stock
price exceeding various closing prices ranging from 6.00 - 24.00 per share. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

66 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our Board of Directors has adopted a written Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available on our website (www.cnspharma.com)
under Governance Documents within the Corporate Governance section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement
under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code and by posting such information on the website
address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain
 Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities (by class) remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 131,085 
 48.56 
 35,582 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 8,844 
 90.02 

(1) 
 Represents shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options and rights under our 2017 and 2020 Stock Plans. 

(2) 
 Consists of warrants issued to the underwriter in our IPO and follow-on offerings and to consultants. 

67 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and
 Services 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

68 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following
documents are filed or furnished as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. Financial
Statements. Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements under Item 8, Part II hereof. 

2. Financial
Statement Schedules. The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted either because they are not required or because the information
has been included in the financial statements or the notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3. Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 28, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

4.1 
 
 Form of warrant issued to convertible debt holders (filed as exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant (filed as exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-231443) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 10-K/A filed April 30, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant issued in January 2022 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 6, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant issued in January 2022 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 6, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant issued in November 2023 offering (filed as exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-267975) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Common Warrant issued in November 2023 offering 
 (filed as exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-267975) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued in November 2023 offering (filed as exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-267975) 

10.1 
 
 Amended And Restated Patent License Agreement effective as of December 28, 2017 between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Houston Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 6.1 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

69 

10.2 
 
 Collaboration and Asset Purchase Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated November 21, 2017 (filed as exhibit 6.2 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

10.3 
 
 2017 Stock Plan of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 6.3 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John M. Climaco dated September 1, 2017 (filed as exhibit 6.4 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

10.5 
 
 Consulting Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Fresh Notion Financial Services dated July 27, 2017 (filed as exhibit 6.5 to the Company s Form 1-A file no. 024-10855) 

10.6 
 
 Sublicense Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and WPD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated August 30, 2018 (filed as exhibit 6.6 to the Company s Form 1-A Amendment file no. 024-10855) 

10.7 
 
 Sublicense Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Animal Life Sciences, LLC. dated August 31, 2018 (filed as exhibit 6.7 to the Company s Form 1-A Amendment file no. 024-10855) 

10.8 
 
 Employment Letter between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Donald Picker (filed as exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-1 Amendment file no. 333-232443) 

10.9 
 
 Employment Letter between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Sandra Silberman (filed as exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-1 Amendment file no. 333-232443) 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Christopher Downs (filed as exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form S-1 Amendment file no. 333-232443) 

10.11 + 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement with The Board of Regents of The University of Texas System, an agency of the State of Texas, on behalf of The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, dated January 10, 2020 (filed as exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 12, 2020) 

10.12 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (filed as exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 12, 2020) 

10.13 
 
 Development Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and WPD Pharmaceuticals dated March 20, 2020 (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 26, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 2020 Stock Plan of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (filed as exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8, file no. 333-239998, filed on July 22, 2020 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John Climaco dated September 1, 2020 (filed as exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 4, 2020) 

10.16 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 21, 2020) 

10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2020, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed September 21, 2020) 

70 

10.18 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement to investors in January 2022 offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 6, 2022) 

10.19 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy effective July 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 12, 2022) 

10.20 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement in November 2023 offering (filed as exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-267975) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of MaloneBailey LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon its request, an unredacted copy of this exhibit. 

Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 

None. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized 

CNS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Climaco 

John Climaco 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates
indicated. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Climaco 

John Climaco 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Christopher Downs 

Christopher Downs 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Faith Charles 

Faith Charles 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Jerzy (George) Gumulka 

Jerzy (George) Gumulka 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Carl Evans 

Carl Evans 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffry Keyes 

Jeffry Keyes 

Director 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Andrzej Andraczke 

Andrzej Andraczke 

Director 

72 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 cns_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-262262 and 333-252471), Form S-8 (File No. 333-239998), and
Forms S-1 (File Nos. 333-249068, 333-267975 and 333-251530) of our report dated March 31, 2023 with respect to the audited
financial statements of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cns_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, John Climaco, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John
 Climaco 

John Climaco 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cns_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, Christopher Downs, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Downs 

Christopher Downs 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 cns_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John
 Climaco 

John Climaco 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 cns_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of CNS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher Downs 

Christopher Downs 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cnsp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cnsp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cnsp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cnsp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

