<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1563756_0001829126-23-002381.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5306105</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>275788</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>946726</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1657532</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1016259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1262944</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002381.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329170935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002381
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				461140492
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55619
		FILM NUMBER:		23776102

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-367-0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002381.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 lightstonereit3_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

There
is established market for the Registrant s common shares. As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the most recently
completed second quarter, there were 12.8 million shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant.
On March 22, 2023, the board of directors of the Registrant approved an estimated value per share of the Registrant s common
stock of 10.28 per share derived from the estimated value of the Registrant s assets less the estimated value of the Registrant s
liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of December 31, 2022. For a full description of the methodologies
used to value the Registrant s assets and liabilities in connection with the calculation of the estimated value per share, see
Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities - Market Information. As of March 15, 2023, there were million shares of common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 6 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 7 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 8 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 33 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 33 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 34 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 
 35 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 38 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 
 38 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 38 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 42 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 46 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 46 

Signatures 
 
 47 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
annual report on Form 10-K, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by Lightstone Value Plus REIT III,
Inc. (the Lightstone REIT III ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc.
before September 16, 2021, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking
statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable
by use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, 
 project or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results,
performances or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are
not limited to (i) changes in market factors that could impact our rental rates and operating costs, (ii) financing risks, such as the
inability to obtain equity, debt, or other sources of financing on favorable terms, (iii) changes in governmental laws and regulations,
(iv) the level and volatility of interest rates, (v) the availability of suitable acquisition opportunities and (vi) the continuing uncertainties
regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on our business and the economy generally. Accordingly, there is no assurance that
our expectations will be realized. 

Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Report, and may ultimately
prove to be incorrect. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the
occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results, except as required by applicable law. We intend for these
forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

Cautionary
Note 

The
representations, warranties, and covenants made by us in any agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are
made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties
to the agreement, and should not be deemed to be representations, warranties, or covenants to or with any other parties. Moreover, these
representations, warranties, or covenants should not be relied upon as accurately describing or reflecting the current state of our affairs. 

ii 

PART
I. 

Dollar
amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR and where indicated in millions. 

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS: 

General
Description of Business 

Structure 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust III, Inc. before September 16, 2021, is a Maryland corporation formed on October 5, 2012, which elected to qualify as
a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ending December 31,
2015. 

Lightstone
REIT III is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT UPREIT ), and substantially all of its current and future business
is and will be conducted through Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ).
As of December 31, 2022, Lightstone REIT III had a 99 general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership s common
units. 

Lightstone
REIT III and the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Company and the use of
 we, our, us or similar pronouns in this annual report refers to the Lightstone REIT III, its
Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

Through
our Operating Partnership, we own, operate and develop commercial properties and make real estate-related investments. Since our inception,
we have primarily acquired and operated commercial hospitality properties, principally consisting of limited-service-hotels all located
in the United States. However, our commercial holdings may also consist of full-service hotels, and to a lesser extent, retail (primarily
multi-tenanted shopping centers), industrial and office properties. Our real estate investments are held by us alone or jointly with
other parties. In addition, we may invest up to 20 of our net assets in collateralized debt obligations, commercial mortgage-backed
securities CMBS and mortgage and mezzanine loans secured, directly or indirectly, by the same types of properties which
we may acquire directly. Although most of our investments are these types, we may invest in whatever types of real estate or real estate-related
investments that we believe are in our best interests. We evaluate all of our real estate investments as one operating segment. We currently
intend to hold our investments until such time as we determine that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve
our investment objectives or until it appears that the objectives will not be met. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of eight limited-service
hotels containing a total of 872 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and (iii) held an unconsolidated 25.0 membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated membership interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located
in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture developed, constructed
and owns a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel located in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn
borough of New York City, which opened on March 7, 2023. Both the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

1 

Our
advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On July 16,
2014, the Advisor contributed 2 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership.
Our Advisor also owns 20,000 shares of our common stock Common Shares which were issued on December 24, 2012 for
 200, or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is the majority owner of the equity interests of the Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone
Group, LLC served as our sponsor (the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering which terminated
on March 31, 2017. Mr. Lichtenstein owns 222,222 Common Shares which were issued on December 11, 2014 for 2.0 million, or
 9.00 per share. Pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement and subject to the oversight of our board of directors (the Board
of Directors ), the Advisor has primary responsibility for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day
operations. Through his ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone
SLP III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Special Limited Partner ), which owns 242 subordinated participation
interests Subordinated Participation Interests in the Operating Partnership which were acquired for 12.1 million in
connection with our Offering. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence
over but does not control Lightstone REIT III or the Operating Partnership. 

We
have no employees. Our Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including asset management, accounting,
legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

We
are dependent on the Advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to us, including asset management and acquisition, disposition
and financing activities, and other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable to provide
these services to us, we would be required to provide the services ourselves or obtain the services from other parties. 

We
also use other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of our hospitality properties. 

Our
Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national
securities exchange only if a majority of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of our stockholders.
We do not intend to list our Common Shares at this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any active market for our Common Shares
until they are listed for trading. 

On
January 17, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter pursuant to which we
are no longer required to either (a) amend our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or
(b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of our portfolio. 

Noncontrolling
Interests Partners of the Operating Partnership 

Limited
Partner 

On
July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed 2 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating
Partnership. The Advisor has the right to convert the limited partner units into cash or, at our option, an equal number of our Common
Shares. 

Special
Limited Partner 

In
connection with our Offering, the Special Limited Partner purchased from the Operating Partnership an aggregate of 242 Subordinated Participation
Interests for consideration of 12.1 million. The Subordinated Participation Interests were each purchased for 50 in consideration and
may be entitled to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

As
the majority owner of the Special Limited Partner, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such Subordinated Participation
Interests and will thus receive an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These
Subordinated Participation Interests entitle the Special Limited Partner to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that
we make to our stockholders, but only after our stockholders have received a stated preferred return. From our inception through December 31,
2022, no distributions have been declared or paid on the Subordinated Participation Interests. 

2 

Related
Parties 

Our
Sponsor, Advisor and their affiliates, including the Special Limited Partner, are related parties of ours as well as other public REITs
also sponsored and/or advised by these entities. Pursuant to the terms of various agreements, certain of these entities are entitled
to compensation and reimbursement of costs incurred for services related to the investment, development, management and disposition of
our assets. The compensation is generally based on the cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual revenue earned from such
properties/investments, and other such fees and expense reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective agreements. See Note 8 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Primary
Investment Objectives 

Our
primary objective is to achieve capital appreciation with a secondary objective of income without subjecting principal to undue
risk. We intend to achieve this goal primarily through investments in real estate properties. 

Investment
Strategy and Policies 

We
have and expect to continue to invest in commercial properties (including full-service or limited-service hotels and extended-stay hotels)
and residential properties, as well as other real estate-related investments principally in North America. Our acquisitions may include
both portfolios and individual properties. Full-service hotels generally provide a full complement of guest amenities including restaurants,
concierge and room service, porter service or valet parking. Limited-service hotels typically do not include these amenities. Extended-stay
hotels offer upscale, high-quality, residential style lodging with a comprehensive package of guest services and amenities for extended-stay
business and leisure travelers. We have no limitation as to the brand of franchise or license with which our hotels are associated. We
generally intend to hold each acquired property until its investment objectives are met or it is likely they will not be met. 

Even
though we have and expect to continue primarily to acquire hotels, we have and may continue to purchase other types of real estate. Assets
other than hotels may include, without limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities,
single-tenant properties, multifamily properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office
properties. We have and expect to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however, we
may also invest in debt interests, which may include bridge or mezzanine loans, including in furtherance of a loan-to-own strategy. We
have not established any limits on the percentage of our portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present
differing levels of risk. 

We
have and expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, tenant-in-common investments or other co-ownership arrangements for the acquisition,
development or improvement of properties with third parties or certain affiliates of our Advisor, including other present and future
REITs and real estate limited partnerships sponsored by affiliates of our Advisor. 

Financing
Strategy and Policies 

There
is no limitation on the amount we may invest or borrow for the purchase of any single asset. Our charter allows us to incur leverage
up to 300 of our total net assets (as defined in Section I.B of the NASAA REIT Guidelines) as of the date of any borrowing,
which is generally expected to be approximately 75 of the cost of our investments. We may only exceed this 300 limit if a majority
of our independent directors approves each borrowing in excess of this limit and we disclose such borrowing to our stockholders in our
next quarterly report along with a justification for the excess borrowing. In all events, we expect that our secured and unsecured borrowings
will be reasonable in relation to the net value of our assets and will be reviewed by the Board of Directors at least quarterly. 

We
do not currently intend to exceed the leverage limit in our charter. Careful use of debt will help us to achieve our diversification
goals because we will have more funds available for investment. However, high levels of debt could cause us to incur higher interest
charges and higher debt service payments, which would decrease the amount of cash available for distribution to our investors. 

3 

Tax
Status and Income Taxes 

We
elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2015. As a REIT, we generally will
not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our
REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which
does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified
for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will
be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following
our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject
to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed
income, if any. 

To
maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), including
when we acquire a hotel we usually establish a TRS and enter into an operating lease agreement for the hotel. As such, we are subject
to U.S. federal and state income taxes and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

Current
Environment 

Our
operating results and financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies
and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected
by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets
volatility and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters,
terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships,
inflation and recession. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening
economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, developments
related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other changes in economic conditions may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
performance . 

Competition 

The
hotel and other commercial real estate markets are highly competitive. This competition could reduce occupancy levels and revenues at
our properties, which would adversely affect our operations. We face competition from many sources. We face competition from other hotels
both in the immediate vicinity and the geographic market where our hotels are located. Overbuilding in the hotel industry may increase
the number of rooms available and may decrease occupancy and room rates. In addition, increases in operating costs due to inflation may
not be offset by increased room rates. We also face competition from nationally recognized hotel brands with which we are not associated. 

We
have or may compete in all of our markets with other owners and operators of retail, office, industrial and residential real estate.
The continued development of new retail, office, industrial and residential properties has intensified the competition among owners and
operators of these types of real estate in many market areas in which we intend to operate. We compete based on a number of factors that
include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner
in which the property is operated and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect
on our occupancy levels, rental rates and on the operating expenses of our properties. 

4 

In
addition, we compete with other entities engaged in real estate investment activities to locate suitable properties to acquire and to
locate tenants and purchasers for our properties. These competitors include other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan
associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders,
governmental bodies and other entities. There are also other REITs with asset acquisition objectives similar to ours and others that
may be organized in the future. Some of these competitors, including larger REITs, have substantially greater marketing and financial
resources than we will have and generally may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect
to the creditworthiness of tenants. In addition, these same entities seek financing through similar channels to those sought by us. Therefore,
we will compete for institutional investors in a market where funds for real estate investment may decrease. 

Competition
from these and other third-party real estate investors may limit the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us. It
may also result in higher prices, lower yields and a narrower spread of yields over our borrowing costs, making it more difficult for
us to acquire new investments on attractive terms. 

We
believe that our senior management s experience, coupled with our financing, professionalism, diversity of investments and reputation
in the industry enables us to compete with the other real estate investment companies. 

Because
we are organized as an UPREIT, we believe we are well positioned within the hospitality industry and any industries in which we operate
to potentially offer existing property owners the opportunity to contribute properties to us in tax-deferred transactions using our Operating
Partnership units as transactional currency. As a result, we believe we may have a competitive advantage over most of our competitors
that are structured as traditional REITs and non-REITs in pursuing acquisitions with tax-sensitive sellers. 

Regulations 

Our
investments are subject to various federal, state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, including, among other things, zoning
regulations, land use controls, and environmental matters. We believe that we have or will obtain all permits and approvals necessary
under current law to operate our investments. 

Environmental 

As
an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental laws of U.S. federal, state and local governments. Compliance with existing
laws has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will
have such an impact in the future. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed
laws or regulations on properties in which we hold an interest, or on properties that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. 

Available
Information 

We
electronically file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, and proxy statements, with the SEC. Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge, from
the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov , or at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our
office is located at 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, New Jersey 08701. Our telephone number is (732) 367-0129. Our website is www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com . 

ITEM 1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS: 

None
applicable. 

5 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES: 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of eight limited-service
hotels containing a total of 872 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and (iii) held an unconsolidated 25.0 membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated membership interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located
in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture developed, constructed
and owns a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel located in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn
borough of New York City, which opened on March 7, 2023. Both the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

Location 
 Year Built 
 Date Acquired 
 Year to Date Available Rooms 
 Percentage Occupied for the
 Year Ended December 31, 
2022 
 Revenue per Available Room 
 RevPAR 
for the Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 Average Daily Rate ADR For
 the Year Ended December 31, 
2022 
 
 Wholly-Owned and Consolidated Hospitality Properties: 

Hampton Inn Des Moines 
 Des Moines, Iowa 
 1987 
 2/4/2015 
 43,800 
 61.5 
 69.30 
 112.62 

Courtyard Durham 
 Durham, North Carolina 
 1996 
 5/15/2015 
 53,290 
 58.1 
 61.94 
 106.68 

Hampton Inn Lansing 
 Lansing, Michigan 
 2013 
 3/10/2016 
 31,390 
 65.5 
 78.36 
 119.62 

Courtyard Warwick 
 Warwick, Rhode Island 
 2003 
 3/23/2016 
 33,580 
 69.5 
 94.19 
 135.61 

Home2 Suites Salt Lake 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 2013 
 8/2/2016 
 45,625 
 68.0 
 77.21 
 113.50 

Home2 Suites Tukwila 
 Tukwila, Washington 
 2015 
 8/2/2016 
 50,735 
 92.0 
 142.89 
 155.35 

Fairfield Inn Austin 
 Austin, Texas 
 2014 
 9/13/2016 
 30,660 
 73.1 
 72.87 
 99.62 

Staybridge Suites Austin 
 Austin, Texas 
 2009 
 10/7/2016 
 29,200 
 79.2 
 87.66 
 110.72 

Total 

318,280 
 70.7 
 86.48 
 122.32 

6 

Unconsolidated Affiliated Real Estate Entity: 

Hospitality 

Location 

Year Built 

Date Acquired 

Year to Date 
Available Rooms 

Percentage Occupied for the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

RevPAR for the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 

ADR For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Hilton Garden Inn - Long Island City 
 Long Island City, New York 
 2014 
 3/27/2018 
 
 66,795 
 90.0 
 161.17 
 179.14 

The
following information generally applies to our investments in our real estate properties: 

we
believe our real estate properties are adequately covered by insurance and suitable for their intended purpose; 

our
 real estate properties are located in markets where we are subject to competition; and 

depreciation
is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the applicable improvements. 

ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: 

From
time to time in the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As
of the date hereof, we are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible
to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the
contingency and possible range of loss. 

ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

7 

PART
II. 

Dollar
amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR and where indicated in millions. 

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES: 

As
of March 15, 2023, we had 13.0 million shares of our common stock Common Shares outstanding, held by a total of
3,750 stockholders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems Inc., which serves as our registrar and transfer
agent. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national
securities exchange only if a majority of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of our stockholders.
We do not intend to list our Common Shares at this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any active market for our Common Shares
until they are listed for trading. 

On
January 17, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter pursuant to which we
are no longer required to either (a) amend our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or
(b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of its portfolio. 

NAV
and NAV per Share 

On
March 22, 2023, our board of directors (the Board of Directors determined and approved our estimated net asset value NAV of 134.1 million and resulting NAV per share of common stock NAV per Share of 10.28, both as of
December 31, 2022. In connection with our Offering, which terminated on March 31, 2017, the Special Limited Partner made cash
purchases of Subordinated Participation Interests totaling 12.1 million. In the calculation of our NAV, no allocation of value was made
to the Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests because the NAV per Share did not exceed an aggregate 10.00
price per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 6.0 as of December 31, 2022. 

The
estimated value of our shares was calculated as of a particular point in time. The value of our shares will fluctuate over time in response
to developments related to individual assets in the portfolio and the management of those assets and in response to the real estate and
finance markets. There is no assurance of the extent to which the current estimated valuation should be relied upon for any purpose after
its effective date regardless that it may be published on any statement issued by us or otherwise. 

Process
and Methodology 

Our
Advisor, along with any necessary material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert or service, is responsible for
calculating our NAV, which we currently expect will be done on at least an annual basis unless our Common Shares are approved for listing
on a national securities exchange. The Board of Directors will review each estimate of NAV and approve the resulting NAV per Share. 

Our
NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 was calculated with the assistance of both our Advisor and Marshall Stevens Incorporated M S ), an independent third-party valuation engaged by us to assist with the valuation of our assets, liabilities and any allocations
of value to the Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests. Our Advisor recommended and the Board of Directors
established the NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 based upon the analyses and reports provided by our Advisor and M S. The
process for estimating the value of our assets, liabilities and allocations of value to the Special Limited Partner s Subordinated
Participation interests is performed in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Program Association Practice Guideline 2013-01,
 Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs. We believe that our valuations were developed in a manner reasonably designed to ensure
their reliability. 

8 

The
engagement of M S with respect to our NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 was approved by the Board of Directors, including
all of our independent directors. M S has extensive experience in conducting asset valuations, including valuations of commercial
real estate, debt, properties and real estate- related investments. 

With
respect to our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022, M S prepared appraisal reports (the M S Appraisal
Reports summarizing key inputs and assumptions on all ten of the properties (9 hospitality properties and one hotel development
project and collectively, the M S Appraised Properties in which we held ownership interests as of December 31,
2022. 

M S
also prepared a NAV report (the December 2022 NAV Report which estimated the NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. The December 2022
NAV Report relied upon (i) the M S Appraisal Reports and (ii) our Advisor s estimate of the value of our cash and cash equivalents,
marketable securities, available for sale, due to related parties, other assets, mortgages payable, other liabilities and any allocation
of value to Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests, to calculate NAV per Share, all as of December 31,
2022. 

The
table below sets forth the calculation of our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 as well as the comparable
calculation as of December 31, 2021. 

Dollar and share amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data. 

As of 
December 31, 
2022 

As of 
December 31, 
2021 

Value 
 Per Share 
 Value 
 Per Share 
 
 Net Assets: 

Real Estate Properties 
 175,462 
 13.45 
 169,012 
 12.85 
 
 Non-Real Estate
 Assets : 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 18,391 
 
 16,639 

Marketable securities, available for sale 
 3,314 
 
 1,810 

Restricted cash 
 - 
 
 - 

Other assets 
 998 
 
 904 

Total non-real estate assets 
 22,703 
 1.74 
 19,353 
 1.47 
 
 Total Assets 
 198,165 
 15.19 
 188,365 
 14.32 
 
 Liabilities : 

Mortgages payable 
 (60,814 
 
 (60,691 

Due to related parties 
 (302 
 
 (301 

Other liabilities 
 (2,960 
 
 (2,942 

Total liabilities 
 (64,076 
 (4.91 
 (63,934 
 (4.86 

Allocation of value to Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Asset Value 
 134,089 
 10.28 
 124,431 
 9.46 

Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 
 13,043 
 
 13,152 

Use
of Independent Valuation Firm: 

As
discussed above, our Advisor is responsible for calculating our NAV. In connection with determining our NAV, our Advisor may rely on
the material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert or service. In this regard, M S was selected by the Board
of Directors to assist our Advisor in the calculation of our NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. M S s
services included appraising the M S Appraised Properties and preparing the December 2022 NAV Report. M S is engaged in
the business of appraising commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with us or our Advisor. The compensation we paid to
M S was based on the scope of work and not on the appraised values of our real estate properties. The appraisals were performed in
accordance with the Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal
industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. The M S Appraisal Reports were reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual
with the professional designation of MAI licensed in the state where each real property is located. The use of the reports is subject
to the requirements of the Appraisal Institute relating to review by its duly authorized representatives. In preparing its reports, M S
did not, and was not requested to; solicit third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases
thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of us. 

9 

M S
collected reasonably available material information that it deemed relevant in appraising these real estate properties. M S relied
in part on property-level information provided by our Advisor, including (i) property historical and projected operating revenues and
expenses; and (ii) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 

In
conducting their investigation and analyses, M S took into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and
considerations as they deemed relevant. Although M S reviewed information supplied or otherwise made available by us or our Advisor
for reasonableness, they assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied
or otherwise made available to them by any other party and did not independently verify any such information. M S assumed that any
operating or financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with M S were reasonably
prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the then best currently available estimates and judgments of our management, the Board of
Directors, and/or our Advisor. M S relied on us to advise them promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate
or was required to be updated during the period of their review. 

In
performing its analyses, M S made numerous other assumptions as of various points in time with respect to industry performance, general
business, economic, and regulatory conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond their control and our control. M S also
made assumptions with respect to certain factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, M S assumed
that we have clear and marketable title to each real estate property appraised, that no title defects exist, that any improvements were
made in accordance with law, that no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no significant deed restrictions
exist, and that no changes to zoning ordinances or regulations governing use, density, or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore,
M S s analyses, opinions, and conclusions were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other circumstances
and conditions existing as of or prior to the date of the M S Appraisal Reports, and any material change in such circumstances and
conditions may affect M S s analyses and conclusions. The M S Appraisal Reports contain other assumptions, qualifications,
and limitations that qualify the analyses, opinions, and conclusions set forth therein. Furthermore, the prices at which our real estate
properties may actually be sold could differ from M S s analyses. 

M S
is actively engaged in the business of appraising commercial real estate properties similar to those owned by us in connection with public
security offerings, private placements, business combinations, and similar transactions. We do not believe that there are any material
conflicts of interest between M S, on the one hand, and us, our Sponsor, our Advisor, and our affiliates, on the other hand. Our
Advisor engaged M S on behalf of the Board of Directors to deliver their reports to assist in the NAV calculation as of December 31,
2022 and M S received compensation for those efforts. In addition, we agreed to indemnify M S against certain liabilities arising
out of this engagement. M S has previously assisted in our prior NAV calculations and has also been engaged by us for certain valuation
services with respect to our acquisitions. M S may from time to time in the future perform other services for us and our Sponsor
or other affiliates of the Sponsor, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of M S as certified in
the M S Appraisal Reports. During the past year M S has also been engaged to provide appraisal services to another non-traded
REIT sponsored by our Sponsor as well as to affiliates of our Sponsor for which it was paid usual and customary fees. 

Although
M S considered any comments received from us and our Advisor relating to their reports, the final appraised values of the M S
Appraised Properties were determined by M S. The reports were addressed to the Board of Directors to assist the Board of Directors
in calculating an NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. The reports were not addressed to the public, may not be relied upon by
any other person to establish an estimated value per share of our common stock, and do not constitute a recommendation to any person
to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock. 

Our
goal in calculating our NAV is to arrive at values that are reasonable and supportable using what we deem to be appropriate valuation
methodologies and assumptions. The reports, including the analysis, opinions, and conclusions set forth in such reports, are qualified
by the assumptions, qualifications, and limitations set forth in the respective reports. The following is a summary of our valuation
methodologies used to value our assets and liabilities by key component: 

Real
Estate Properties : As of December 31, 2022, we have ownership interests in (i) eight consolidated properties and (ii) two
unconsolidated properties held through joint ventures (collectively, the Real Estate Properties ). With respect to our consolidated properties
as of December 31, 2022, we wholly owned eight hospitality properties, or limited-services hotels, containing a total of 872 rooms
(collectively, the Consolidated Real Estate Properties ). 

10 

With
respect to our unconsolidated properties as of December 31, 2022, we held a 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture, an affiliated real estate entity, which owns the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, a 183-room, limited-service hotel
located in Long Island City, New York (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City and held a 25.0 membership interest
in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, an affiliated real estate entity, which is developing and constructing a 210-room branded
hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel on land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in Brooklyn, New York. As of December 31,
2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. We do not consolidate our membership
interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, but rather account for them under the
equity method of accounting. 

As
described above, we engaged M S to provide an appraisal of the M S Appraised Properties, which consisted of the ten Real Estate
Properties in which we held ownership interests as of December 31, 2022. 

In
preparing the appraisal reports, M S, among other things: 

performed
 a site visit of each property in connection with this assignment or previous assignments; 

interviewed
 our officers or the Advisor s personnel to obtain information relating to the physical condition of each appraised property,
 including known environmental conditions, status of ongoing or planned property additions and reconfigurations, and other factors
 for such leased properties; and 

reviewed
 the acquisition criteria and parameters used by real estate investors for properties similar to the subject properties, including
 a search of real estate data sources and publications concerning real estate buyer s criteria, discussions with sources deemed
 appropriate, and a review of transaction data for similar properties. 

The
following summarizes the valuation approach used for our Real Estate Properties: 

M S
employed the income approach and the sales comparison approach to estimate the value of the appraised properties included in our Real
Estate Properties. The income approach involves an economic analysis of the property based on its potential to provide future net annual
income. As part of the valuation, a discounted cash flow analysis DCF Analysis and direct capitalization analysis DC Analysis was used in the income approach to determine the value of our interest in the portfolio. The indicated value by the income approach represents
the amount an investor may pay for the expectation of receiving the net cash flow from the property. 

The
DC Analysis is based upon the net operating income of the property capitalized at an appropriate capitalization rate for the property
based upon property characteristics and competitive position and market conditions at the date of the appraisal. 

In
applying the DCF Analysis, pro forma statements of operations for the property including revenues and expenses are analyzed and projected
over a multi-year period. The property is assumed to be sold at the end of the multi-year holding period. The reversion value of the
property which can be realized upon sale at the end of the holding period is calculated based on the capitalization of the estimated
net operating income of the property in the year of sale, utilizing a capitalization rate deemed appropriate in light of the age, anticipated
functional and economic obsolescence and competitive position of the property at the time of sale. Net proceeds to owners are determined
by deducting appropriate costs of sale. The discount rate selected for the DCF Analysis is based upon estimated target rates of return
for buyers of similar properties. 

The
sales comparison approach utilizes indices of value derived from actual or proposed sales of comparable properties to estimate the value
of the subject property. The appraiser analyzed such comparable sale data as was available to develop a market value conclusion for the
subject property. 

M S
prepared the M S Appraisal Reports summarizing key inputs and assumptions, for each of the appraised properties using financial information
provided by us and our Advisor. From such review, M S selected the appropriate cash flow discount rate, residual discount rate, and
terminal capitalization rate in the DCF Analysis, the appropriate capitalization rate in the DC Analysis and the appropriate price per
unit in the sales comparison analysis. As for those properties consolidated on our financials, and for which we do not own 100 of the
ownership interest, the property value was adjusted to reflect our ownership interest in such property after consideration of the distribution
priorities associated with each property. 

11 

The
estimated values for our investments in real estate may or may not represent current market values and do not equal the book values of
our real estate investments in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ).
Our consolidated investments in real estate are currently carried in our consolidated financial statements at their amortized cost basis,
adjusted for any loss impairments and bargain purchase gains recognized to date. Our unconsolidated investments in real estate are accounted
for under the equity method of accounting in our consolidated financial statements. 

The
following summarizes the key assumptions that were used in each DCF Analysis to estimate the value of our Real Estate Properties as of
December 31, 2022: 

Consolidated Real Estate Properties 
(8 hospitality properties) 
 Hilton Garden Inn- Long Island City 
 Williamsburg Moxy Hotel 
 
 Weighted-average : 

Exit capitalization rate 
 8.15 
 6.00 
 8.00 
 
 Discount rate 
 8.63 
 7.00 
 9.60 
 
 Annual market rent growth rate 
 4.08 
 3.38 
 5.35 
 
 Annual net operating income growth rate 
 5.31 
 4.14 
 5.90 
 
 Holding period (in years) 
 10 
 12 
 10 

While
we believe that the assumptions utilized in the DCF Analysis are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would affect the calculation
of the value of the Real Estate Properties. The table below presents the estimated increase or decrease to our NAV per Share resulting
from a 25-basis point increase and decrease in the discount rates and capitalization rates. The table is presented to provide a hypothetical
illustration of possible results if only one change in assumptions was made with all other factors remaining constant. Further, each
of these assumptions could change by more or less than 25-basis points or not at all. 

Change in NAV per Share 

Increase of 25 
basis points 
 Decrease of 25 
basis points 
 
 Capitalization rate 
 (0.23 
 0.25 
 
 Discount rate 
 (0.28 
 0.29 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate estimated fair value of our Consolidated Real Estate Properties was 136.8 million and the aggregate
carrying value of our Consolidated Real Estate Properties was 97.8 million, which equates to an overall increase in value of 39.9 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture of 17.8
million was calculated based on the gross appraised value of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City of 67.3 million less the
fair value of the outstanding indebtedness of 32.3 million plus all other non-real estate assets and liabilities, net of 0.5 million.
The estimated fair value of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture of 17.8 million compared to our carrying
value of 9.6 million, both as of December 31, 2022, equates to an increase in value of 85.4 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of our 25.0 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture of
 20.9 million was calculated based on the gross appraised value of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel of 151.0 million less the fair value
of the outstanding indebtedness of 63.6 million plus all other non-real estate liabilities, net (net of non-real estate assets) of 3.7
million. The estimated fair value of our 25.0 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture of 20.9 million compared
to our carrying value of 12.2 million, both as of December 31, 2022, equates to an increase in value of 71.3 . 

12 

Cash
and cash equivalents : The estimated values of our cash and cash equivalents equal its carrying value. 

Marketable
securities, available for sale: The estimated values of our marketable securities, available for sale, are based on Level 1 and
Level 2 inputs. Level 1 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. All of our marketable securities measured using
Level 2 inputs were valued based on a market approach using readily available quoted market prices for similar assets. 

Other
assets : Our other assets consist of tenant accounts receivable, deposits, and prepaid expenses and other assets. The estimated
values of these items approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. Certain other items, primarily intangibles, have
been eliminated for the purpose of the valuation because those items are already considered in our valuation of the respective investments
in real estate properties or financial instruments. 

Mortgages
payable : The values for our mortgages payable were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which used inputs based on
the remaining loan terms and estimated current market interest rates for loans with similar characteristics, including remaining loan
term and loan-to-value ratios. The current market interest rate was generally determined based on market rates for available comparable
debt. The estimated current market interest rates for mortgages payable ranged from 7.79 to 7.89 . 

Due
to related parties : The estimated value of our due to related parties approximates its carrying value due to its short maturity. 

Other
liabilities, net : Our other liabilities consist of our accounts payable and accrued expenses and deposits payable. The carrying
values of these items were considered to equal their fair value due to their short maturities. Additionally, certain outstanding notes
payable were excluded as we expect them to be fully forgiven. 

Allocations
of Value to Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests: The Special Limited Partner s Subordinated
Participation Interests are classified in noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheet. However, for purposes of our NAV,
we do not estimate their fair value in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the IPA s Practice Guideline 2013-01 provides for adjustments
to the NAV for preferred securities, special interests and incentive fees based on the aggregate NAV of the company and payable to the
sponsor in a hypothetical liquidation of the company as of the valuation date in accordance with the provisions of the partnership or
advisory agreements and the terms of the preferred securities. Because our Subordinated Participation Interests are only payable to the
Special Limited Partner in a liquidation event, we believe they should be valued for our NAV in accordance with these provisions. 

Accordingly,
pursuant to the terms of our operating agreement, no allocations of value are made to the Special Limited Partner s Subordinated
Participation Interests unless the NAV per Share would have exceeded 10.00 per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual
return of 6.0 as of the indicated valuation date. In connection with our Offering, which terminated on March 31, 2017, the Special
Limited Partner made cash purchases of Subordinated Participation Interests totaling 12.1 million. In the calculation of our NAV, no
allocation of value was made to the Special Limited Partner s Subordinated Participation Interests because the NAV per Share did
not exceed an aggregate 10.00 price per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 6.0 as of December 31,
2022. 

Historical
NAV and NAV per Share 

Additional
information on our historical reported NAV and NAV per Share as of December 31, 2021 may be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 28, 2022. 

Limitations
and Risks 

As
with any valuation methodology, the methodology used to determine our NAV and resulting NAV per Share is based upon a number of estimates
and assumptions that may prove later not to be accurate or complete. Further, different market participants with different property-specific
and general real estate and capital market assumptions, estimates, judgments and standards could derive different NAVs per share, which
could be significantly different from the NAV per Share approved by the Board of Directors. The NAV per Share approved by the Board of
Directors does not represent the fair value of our assets less liabilities in accordance with GAAP, and such NAV per Share is not a representation,
warranty or guarantee that: 

13 

a
 stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares of common stock at the NAV per Share; 

a
 stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the NAV per Share upon liquidation of our assets
 and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 

our
 shares of common stock would trade at the NAV per Share on a national securities exchange; 

an
 independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the NAV per Share; or 

the
 methodology used to our NAV per Share would be acceptable to FINRA or under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act with respect
 to their respective requirements. 

The
Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Labor do not provide any guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its
NAV per Share. FINRA guidance provides that NAV valuations be derived from a methodology that conforms to standard industry practice. 

As
with any valuation methodology, our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete.
Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs per share, and these differences could be significant.
The NAV per Share is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less our liabilities in accordance GAAP, nor do
they represent an actual liquidation value of our assets and liabilities or the amount shares of our common stock would trade at on a
national securities exchange. As of the date of this filing, although we have not sought stockholder approval to adopt a plan of liquidation
of the Company, certain distributions may be payable to the special limited partner for its subordinated participation interests in connection
with a liquidation event. Accordingly, our NAV reflects any allocations of value to the subordinated participation interests representing
the amount that would be payable to the special limited partner in connection with a liquidation event pursuant to the guidelines for
estimating NAV contained in IPA Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs. Our NAV per Share is based
on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities less any allocations to the special limited partner s
subordinated participation interests divided by the number of our diluted shares of common stock outstanding, all as of the date indicated.
Our NAV per Share does not reflect a discount for the fact we are externally managed, nor does it reflect a real estate portfolio premium/discount
versus the sum of the individual property values. Our NAV per Share does not take into account estimated disposition costs or fees or
penalties, if any, that may apply upon the prepayment of certain of our debt obligations or the impact of restrictions on the assumption
of certain debt. Our NAV per Share will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of
assets, developments related to individual assets and the management of those assets and changes in the real estate and capital markets.
Different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs and resulting NAVs per share, and these differences
could be significant. Markets for real estate and real estate-related investments can fluctuate and values are expected to change in
the future. We currently expect that our Advisor will estimate our NAV on at least an annual basis. The Board of Directors will review
and approve each estimate of NAV and resulting NAV per Share. 

The
following factors may cause a stockholder not to ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the NAV per Share
upon liquidation: 

The
 methodology used to determine NAV per Share includes a number of estimates and assumptions that may not prove to be accurate or complete
 as compared to the actual amounts received in the liquidation; 

In
 a liquidation, certain assets may not be liquidated at their estimated values because of transfer fees and disposition fees, which
 are not reflected in the NAV calculation; 

In
 a liquidation, debt obligations may have to be prepaid and the costs of any prepayment penalties may reduce the liquidation amounts.
 Prepayment penalties are not included in determining the estimated value of liabilities in determining NAV; 

14 

In
 a liquidation, the real estate assets may derive a portfolio premium which premium is not considered in determining NAV; 

In
 a liquidation, the potential buyers of the assets may use different estimates and assumptions than those used in determining NAV; 

If
 the liquidation occurs through a listing of the common stock on a national securities exchange, the capital markets may value the
 Company s net assets at a different amount than the NAV. Such valuation would likely be based upon customary REIT valuation
 methodology including funds from operation FFO multiples of other comparable REITs, FFO coverage of dividends and adjusted FFO
 payout of the Company s anticipated dividend; and 

If
 the liquidation occurs through a merger of the Company with another REIT, the amount realized for the common stock may not equal
 the NAV per Share because of many factors including the aggregate consideration received, the make-up of the consideration (e.g.,
 cash, stock or both), the performance of any stock received as part of the consideration during the merger process and thereafter,
 the reception of the merger in the market and whether the market believes the pricing of the merger was fair to both parties. 

SRP 

Our
share repurchase program (the SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to
sell Common Shares back to us, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension
of all redemptions. 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for
redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases
to our current NAV per Share, as determined by our board of directors and reported by us from time to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent
to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for
redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s
date of death for consideration. 

On
the above noted date, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, we would not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number
of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption
requests generally would be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to proration if either type of redemption requests exceeded
the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 110,093 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 9.06. For the year
ended December 31, 2021 we repurchased 77,678 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.05. 

Distributions 

Common
Shares 

Previously,
distributions on our Common Shares in an amount equal to a 6.0 annualized rate based on a share price of 10.00 were declared on a monthly
basis beginning on January 14, 2015 through June 30, 2019 and were paid on or about the 15th day following each month end. 

On
June 19, 2019, our Board of Directors determined to suspend regular monthly distributions. Subsequently, there were no distributions
declared or paid through December 31, 2022. 

15 

On
March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and we declared a Common Share distribution of 0.075 per share for the quarterly
period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.030 per share, or an annualized
rate of 3 based on a share price of 10.00. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end
to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter end. 

Future
distributions declared, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the
previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination,
including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating and interest expenses
and our ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less
than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that we will maintain any particular
level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the period covered by this Form 10-K, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of
1933. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Please see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a description
of these risks and uncertainties. Dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data, revenue per available room RevPAR ),
average daily rate ADR and where indicated in millions. 

Overview 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust III, Inc. before September 16, 2021, together
with the Operating Partnership (as defined below), the Company , also referred to as we , our 
or us herein) has and expects to continue to acquire and operate or develop in the future, hospitality, residential and/or
commercial properties and/or make real estate-related investments, principally in the United States. Our acquisitions and investments
are, principally conducted through the Operating Partnership, and may include both portfolios and individual properties. As of December 31,
2022, our portfolio of properties consisted of ten hospitality properties (eight consolidated and two unconsolidated). Our real estate
investments have been and are expected to continue to be held by us alone or jointly with other parties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of eight limited-service
hotels containing a total of 872 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and (iii) held an unconsolidated 25.0 membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated membership interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located
in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture developed, constructed
and owns a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel located in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn
borough of New York City, which opened on March 7, 2023. Both the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture are between us and related parties. 

16 

We
have no employees. Our Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for us, including asset management, accounting,
legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

We
are dependent on the Advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to us, including asset management and acquisition, disposition
and financing activities, and other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable to provide
these services to us, we would be required to provide the services ourselves or obtain the services from other parties. 

We
also use other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of our hospitality properties. 

To
qualify or maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ).
As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

Acquisitions
and Investment Strategy 

We
have and expect to continue to invest in commercial properties (including full-service or limited-service hotels and extended-stay hotels)
and residential properties, as well as other real estate-related investments principally in North America. Our acquisitions may include
both portfolios and individual properties. Full-service hotels generally provide a full complement of guest amenities including restaurants,
concierge and room service, porter service or valet parking. Limited-service hotels typically do not include these amenities. Extended-stay
hotels offer upscale, high-quality, residential style lodging with a comprehensive package of guest services and amenities for extended-stay
business and leisure travelers. We have no limitation as to the brand of franchise or license with which our hotels are associated. We
generally intend to hold each acquired property until its investment objectives are met or it is likely they will not be met. 

Even
though we have and expect to continue primarily to acquire hotels, we have and may continue to purchase other types of real estate. Assets
other than hotels may include, without limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities,
single-tenant properties, multifamily properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office
properties. We have and expect to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however, we
may also invest in debt interests, which may include bridge or mezzanine loans, including in furtherance of a loan-to-own strategy. We
have not established any limits on the percentage of our portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present
differing levels of risk. 

We
have and expect to continue to enter into joint ventures, tenant-in-common investments or other co-ownership arrangements for the acquisition,
development or improvement of properties with third parties or certain affiliates of our Advisor, including other present and future
REITs and real estate limited partnerships sponsored by affiliates of our Advisor. 

Current
Environment 

Our
operating results and financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies
and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected
by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets
volatility and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters,
terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships,
inflation and recession. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening
economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, developments
related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other changes in economic conditions may adversely affect our results of operations and financial
performance . 

17 

We
are not currently aware of any other material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, that may be reasonably anticipated to
have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from our operations, other than those referred
to above or throughout this Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during a reporting period. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates and Policies 

General 

Our
consolidated financial statements included in this annual report include our accounts and the Operating Partnership (over which we exercise
financial and operating control). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about
the effects of matters or future events that are inherently uncertain. These estimates and judgments may affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including contingencies and litigation. We base these estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable in the circumstances. These estimates form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

To
assist in understanding our results of operations and financial position, we have identified our critical accounting policies and discussed
them below. These accounting policies are most important to the portrayal of our results and financial position, either because of the
significance of the financial statement items to which they relate or because they require management s most difficult, subjective
or complex judgments. 

Investments
in Real Estate 

Carrying
Value of Assets 

The
amounts to be capitalized as a result of periodic improvements and additions to real estate property, when applicable, and the periods
over which the assets will be depreciated or amortized, are determined based on the application of accounting standards that may require
estimates as to fair value and the allocation of various costs to the individual assets. Differences in the amount attributed to the
assets may be significant based upon the assumptions made in calculating these estimates. 

Impairment
Evaluation 

We
evaluate our investments in real estate assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
undiscounted projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. We evaluate the recoverability of our
investments in real estate assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. No single indicator would necessarily
result in us preparing an estimate to determine if an individual property s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying
value. We use judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators of less
severity that when combined, would result in an indication that a property requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows to determine
if an impairment has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative to historical
or projected future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The undiscounted projected
cash flows used for the impairment analysis are subjective and require us to use our judgment and the determination of estimated fair
value are based on our plans for the respective assets and our views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider matters
such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand, competition,
and recent sales data for comparable properties. An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a property is not recoverable
and exceeds its fair value. 

18 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
expense is computed based on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the applicable real estate asset. We generally
use estimated useful lives of up to 39 years for buildings and improvements and 5 to 10 years for furniture and fixtures. Maintenance
and repairs will be charged to expense as incurred. 

Investments
in Unconsolidated Entities 

We
evaluate all investments in other entities for consolidation. We consider our percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of
control and whether a variable interest entity exists when determining whether or not the investment qualifies for consolidation or if
it should be accounted for as an unconsolidated investment under the equity method of accounting. 

If
an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting, our investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted
for equity in net income or loss and cash contributions and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is
allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these
agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment
in the respective joint venture and our share of the underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective
lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported as a single line item in the statements of operations as income
or loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities. 

We
 review investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable . An investment is impaired only if management s estimate
of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other
than temporary. The ultimate realization of our investment in partially owned entities is dependent on a number of factors including
the performance of that entity and market conditions. If we determine that a decline in the value of a partially owned entity is other
than temporary, we will record an impairment charge. 

Treatment
of Management Compensation, Expense Reimbursements 

Management
of our operations is outsourced to our Advisor and certain other affiliates of our Sponsor. Fees related to each of these services are
accounted for based on the nature of such service and the relevant accounting literature. Such fees include acquisition fees associated
with the purchase of interests in real estate entities; asset management fees paid to our Advisor and property management fees paid to
affiliates of our Advisor. These fees are expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as appropriate. 

Affiliates
of our Advisor may also perform fee-based construction management services for both our development and redevelopment activities and
tenant construction projects. These fees will be considered incremental to the construction effort and will be capitalized to the associated
real estate project as incurred . Costs incurred for tenant construction will be depreciated over the shorter of their useful life
or the term of the related lease. Costs related to development and redevelopment activities will be depreciated over the estimated useful
life of the associated project. 

Leasing
activity at our properties may be outsourced to affiliates of our Advisor. Any corresponding leasing fees we pay will be capitalized
and amortized over the life of the related lease. 

Expense
reimbursements made to both our Advisor and affiliates of our Advisor are expensed or capitalized to the basis of acquired assets, as
appropriate. 

Tax
Status and Income Taxes 

We
elected to be taxed and qualify as a REIT commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2015. As a REIT, we generally will
not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our
REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, we must meet a number of organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement that we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which
does not equal net income, as calculated in accordance with GAAP), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and
excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent year and do not qualify for certain
statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may be precluded from qualifying
for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such an event could materially adversely
affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Additionally, even if we continue to qualify as a
REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property
and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed income, if any. 

19 

To
maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), including
when we acquire a hotel we usually establish a TRS and enter into an operating lease agreement for the hotel. As such, we are subject
to U.S. federal and state income taxes and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material uncertain income tax positions. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 

Consolidated 

Our
consolidated revenues, property operating expenses, real estate taxes, general
and administrative expense and depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 are attributable to our consolidated hospitality properties, all of which were owned by us during the entire periods presented. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, room demand and rental rates for our consolidated and unconsolidated hotels significantly declined
starting in March 2020 at the onset of the pandemic; and while these metrics have improved since then (beginning late 2020 and continuing
through the end 2022); room demand and rental rates still remain below their pre-pandemic historical levels for certain of our hotels.
During the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to same period in 2021, o ur
consolidated hospitality portfolio experienced increases in (i) the percentage of rooms occupied to 70.7 from 68.1 , (ii) RevPAR to
 86.48 from 66.51, and (iii) ADR to 122.32 from 97.65. 

Revenues 

Revenues
increased by 6.5 million to 28.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 
compared to 21.8 million for the same period in 2021. This increase reflects the higher occupancy, RevPAR and ADR during the 2022 period,
which were attributable to the continuing economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the higher RevPAR and ADR reflect
the effect of inflation on our room rental rates. 

Property
operating expenses 

Property
operating expenses increased by 4.3 million to 18.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 13.8 million
for the same period in 2021. This increase is substantially attributable to the
higher occupancy, but also includes higher labor costs resulting from wage inflation and increased property management fees and franchise
fees, which are generally based on the increase in revenues. 

Real
estate taxes 

Real
estate taxes decreased slightly by 0.1 million to 1.3 million during the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to 1.4 million for the same period in 2021. 

General
and administrative expense 

General
and administrative expenses increased slightly by 0.1 million to 2.6 million during the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.5 million for the same period in 2021. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expense decreased by 0.2 million to 4.9 million during the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to 5.1 million for the same period in 2021. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense increased by 0.5 million to 3.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022
 compared to 2.9 million for the same period in 2021. Interest expense is attributable to the financings associated with our hotels
and reflects higher interest expense on our mortgage debt, all of which bears interest at variable
rates, during the 2022 period . 

20 

Gain
on forgiveness of debt 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, notice was received from the U.S. Small Business
Administration (the SBA that 1.9 million and 1.5 million, respectively, of Paycheck Protection loans (the PPP
Loans and related accrued interest had been legally forgiven and therefore, we recognized a gain on forgiveness of debt for these
amounts during those periods. 

Earnings
from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Our
income from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities was 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to a loss of 0.3 million for the same period in 2021. Our earnings from investments in unconsolidated
affiliated real estate entities are attributable to our unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
and our unconsolidated 25.0 membership interest Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview: 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 18.4 million of cash on hand and 3.3 million of marketable securities. We currently believe that
these items along with revenues from our hospitality properties, interest and dividend income earned on our marketable securities, distributions
received from our unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities and proceeds received from the sale of marketable securities will be
sufficient to satisfy our expected cash requirements for at least twelve months from the date of filing this report, which primarily
consist of our anticipated operating expenses, scheduled debt service (excluding balloon payments due at maturity), capital expenditures
(excluding non-recurring capital expenditures), contributions to our unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities, redemptions and
cancellations of shares of our common stock and distributions to our shareholders, if any, required to maintain our status as a REIT
for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we currently intend to seek to extend the maturity for our revolving credit facility (the Revolving
Credit Facility ), which had an outstanding principal balance of 34.6 million as of December 31, 2022, to July 13, 2024
pursuant to the lender s remaining one-year extension option, as discussed in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
However, to the extent that our cash flow from operations and available cash on hand and marketable securities are not sufficient to
cover our cash needs or our lender does not agree to the extension option under the Revolving Credit Facility, we may use proceeds from
additional borrowings and/or selective asset sales to fund such needs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have 61.3 million of outstanding mortgage debt. We have and intend to continue to limit our aggregate
long-term permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by
a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit;
as such our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings may be less than 75 of aggregate fair market value of all properties. We may also
incur short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our
charter provides that the aggregate amount of our borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300 of net assets in the absence
of a justification showing that a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders.
Net assets means our total assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our
total liabilities, calculated at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 of net assets
level must be approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders,
along with justification for such excess. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit; as such our aggregate borrowings
may be less than 300 of net assets. As of December 31, 2022, our total borrowings were 61.3 million which represented 55 of our
net assets. 

Our
borrowings currently consist of mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Our mortgages typically provide for either interest-only
payments (generally for variable-rate indebtedness) or level payments (generally for fixed-rate indebtedness) with balloon 
payments due at maturity. 

21 

Any
future properties that we may acquire or develop may be funded through a combination of borrowings and the proceeds received from the
disposition of certain of our assets. These borrowing may consist of single-property mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized
by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time we acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing
a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to existing indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing
mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber our properties with non-recourse debt. This means that a
lender s rights on default will generally be limited to foreclosing on the property. However, we may, at our discretion, secure
recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. When we give a guaranty for
a property owning entity, we will be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if it is not paid by the property
owning entity. 

We
may also obtain lines of credit to be used to acquire properties. If obtained, these lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms
and will be repaid from proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital and/or permanent financing. Our Sponsor
and/or its affiliates may guarantee our lines of credit although they are not obligated to do so. We expect that such properties may
be purchased by our Sponsor s affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of a transfer tax upon
a transfer of such properties to us. 

In
addition to meeting our working capital needs and making distributions, if any, to our stockholders, our capital resources are used to
make certain payments to our Advisor and its affiliates, such as payments related to asset acquisition fees, development fees and leasing
commissions, asset management fees, the reimbursement of acquisition related expenses to our Advisor and property management fees. We
also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs for administrative and other services provided to us. Additionally,
in the event of a liquidation of our assets, we may pay our Advisor or its affiliates a real estate disposition fee. Furthermore, the
Operating Partnership may be required to make distributions to Lightstone SLP III, LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor. 

The
advisory agreement has a one-year term and is renewable for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent
of the Advisor and our independent directors. 

The
following table represents the fees incurred associated with the payments to the Advisor for the periods indicated: 

For the 
Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Finance fees (1) (2) 
 - 
 345 
 
 Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 
 1,207 
 1,205 
 
 Total 
 1,207 
 1,550 

(1) A
 finance fee of 144 paid to the Advisor in connection with arranging the Williamsburg Moxy
 Hotel Joint Venture s construction loan was capitalized and included in investment
 in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 (2) An
 aggregate finance fee of 201 paid to the Advisor in connection with arranging the Home2
 Suites Tukwila Loan and the Home2 Suites
 Salt Lake City was capitalized and included in mortgages payable, net on the
 consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the corresponding
 loan. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

The
following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive
discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

22 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 
 3,071 
 1,663 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 (207 
 (12,051 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities 
 (1,112 
 (2,944 
 
 Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 1,752 
 (13,332 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 16,639 
 29,971 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 18,391 
 16,639 

Operating
activities 

The
net cash provided by operating activities of 3.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted
of our net loss of 0.2 million plus depreciation and amortization, amortization of deferred financing costs and other non-cash items
aggregating 5.3 million, less gain on forgiveness of debt of 1.9 million and the net changes in operating assets and liabilities of
 0.1 million. 

Investing
activities 

The
net cash used in investing activities of 0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of purchases of marketable
securities of 1.7 million, additional net investments in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture of 0.3 million and capital expenditures
of 0.3 million; partially offset by distributions from our investment in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture of 2.1 million. 

Financing
activities 

The
net cash used in financing activities of 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of
redemptions and cancellations of common shares of 1.0 million and the payment of loan fees and expenses of 0.1 million. 

Distributions 

Common
Shares 

On
June 19, 2019, our Board of Directors determined to suspend regular monthly distributions on our Common Shares and as a result,
no distributions have been declared since the suspension. 

Previously,
distributions on our Common Shares in an amount equal to a 6.0 annualized rate, based on a share price of 10.00, were declared on a
monthly basis beginning on January 14, 2015 through June 30, 2019 and were paid on or about the 15th day following each month
end. 

There
were no distributions declared or paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and we declared a Common Share distribution of 0.075 per share for the quarterly
period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.030 per share, or an annualized
rate of 3 based on a share price of 10.00. The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the quarter-end
to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the quarter end. 

Future
distributions declared, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the
previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination,
including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating and interest expenses
and our ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less
than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that we will maintain any particular
level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

23 

Subordinated
Participation Interests 

In
connection with our initial public offering (the Offering ), which terminated on March 31, 2017, Lightstone SLP III
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Special Limited Partner ), purchased from Lightstone Value Plus REIT III
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership an aggregate of 242 Subordinated Participation Interests
for consideration of 12.1 million. The Subordinated Participation Interests were each purchased for 50 in consideration and may be
entitled to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

These
Subordinated Participation Interests entitle the Special Limited Partner to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that
we make to stockholders, but only after stockholders have received a stated preferred return. From our inception through December 31,
2022, no distributions have been declared or paid on the Subordinated Participation Interests. 

SRP 

Our
share repurchase program (the SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to
sell Common Shares back to us, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension
of all redemptions. 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for
redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases
to our current estimated net asset value per share of common stock, as determined by our board of directors and reported by us from time
to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to certain conditions. Beginning
January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within
one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

On
the above noted date, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, we would not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number
of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally, redemption
requests generally would be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to proration if either type of redemption requests exceeded
the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 110,093 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 9.06. For the year
ended December 31, 2021 we repurchased 77,678 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.05. 

Contractual
Mortgage Obligations 

The
following is a summary of our estimated contractual mortgage obligations outstanding over the next 5 years and thereafter as of December 31,
2022. 

Contractual Mortgage Obligations 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Principal maturities 
 34,573 
 656 
 684 
 25,410 
 - 
 - 
 61,323 
 
 Interest payments (1) 
 1,907 
 2,071 
 2,192 
 4,103 
 - 
 - 
 10,273 
 
 Total Contractual Mortgage Obligations 
 36,480 
 2,727 
 2,876 
 29,513 
 - 
 - 
 71,596 

(1) These
 amounts represent future interest payments related to mortgage payable obligations based
 on the interest rates specified in the associated debt agreement. All of our mortgage debt
 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 bears interest (i) based on one-month LIBOR, plus
 a specified spread, subject to a floor, or (ii) based on one-month AMERIBOR plus a specified
 spread, subject to a floor. For purposes of calculating future interest amounts on our variable
 interest rate debt, the one-month LIBOR and one-month AMERIBOR rates as of December 31,
 2022 were used. 

24 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

We,
through certain subsidiaries, have a non-recourse revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with a financial
institution. The Revolving Credit Facility provides us with a line of credit of up to 60.0 million pursuant to which we may designate
properties as collateral that allow borrowings up to a 65.0 loan-to-value ratio subject to also meeting certain financial covenants.
The Revolving Credit Facility provides for monthly interest-only payments and the entire principal balance is due upon its expiration. 

Except
as discussed below, the Revolving Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on July 13, 2022, bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 ,
subject to a 4.00 floor. However, on July 13, 2022 the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility was extended to July 13,
2023, subject to the conditions of the first of two one-year extension options, which included the lender s approval. In connection
with the extension of the Revolving Credit Facility, the interest rate was prospectively changed to AMERIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a
4.00 floor. The remaining one-year extension option is subject to certain conditions, including lender approval. 

On
June 2, 2020, our Revolving Credit Facility was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments
aggregating 0.8 million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until July 13, 2022 (which was paid
in connection with the extension of the Revolving Credit facility as discussed above); (ii) a 100 bps reduction in the interest rate
spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 3.00 floor, for the six-month period from September 1, 2020 through February 28,
2021; (iii) our pre-funding 0.8 million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly debt service payments due from
October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end periods before June 30,
2021. Additionally, a principal paydown of 0.6 million, which was previously due on April 1, 2020 was bifurcated into two separate
principal paydowns, of 0.3 million, which were made in June 2020 and September 2020. 

Subsequently,
on March 31, 2021, our Revolving Credit Facility was further amended providing for (i) us to make another principal paydown of 3.8
million, (ii) us to fund an additional 0.7 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants
for quarter-end periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over
the quarter-end periods beginning December 31, 2021 through March 31, 2023; (iv) two one-year extension options, subject to
certain conditions, including the lender s approval (including the first extension option which was exercised on July 13,
2022); and (v) certain limitations and restrictions on asset sales and additional borrowings related to the pledged collateral. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Revolving Credit Facility had an outstanding principal balance of 34.6 million and six of our hotel properties
were pledged as collateral. Additionally, no additional borrowings were available under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31,
2022. Although the Revolving Credit Facility is currently scheduled to mature on July 13, 2023, we currently intend to seek to further
extend the Revolving Credit Facility to July 13, 2024 subject to the conditions, including the lender s approval, of the one
remaining one-year extension option, however, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in such endeavors. 

All
of our outstanding mortgage debt that currently bear interest at a rate indexed to one-month LIBOR contain provisions to provide for
a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR, which is expected to be for periods after June 30, 2023. 

We
are currently in compliance with respect to all of our financial debt covenants. 

Home2
Suites Financings 

On
October 5, 2016, we entered into a non-recourse promissory note (the Home2 Suites Promissory Note for 28.4 million.
The Promissory Note had a term of 5 years and bore interest at 4.73 . The Home2 Suites Promissory Note was cross-collateralized by the
Home2 Suites Tukwila and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City. 

On
December 6, 2021,we entered into a non-recourse loan facility providing for up to 19.1 million (the Home2 Suites 
Tukwila Loan ). At closing, we initially received 16.2 million and the remaining 2.9 million is available after December 31,
2022, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. The Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan is scheduled to mature on December 6,
2026, bears interest at LIBOR+3.50 , subject to a 3.75 floor, and requires monthly interest-only payments through December 2023
and subsequently, monthly payments of interest and principal of 0.1 million through its maturity date. The Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan
is cross-collateralized by the Home2 Suites Tukwila and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City. 

25 

On
December 6, 2021, we entered into a non-recourse loan facility providing for up to 12.5 million (the Home2 Suites 
Salt Lake City Loan ). At closing we initially received 10.5 million, and the remaining 2.0 million is available after December 31,
2022 subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. The Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan scheduled to mature on December 6,
2026, bears interest at LIBOR+3.50 , subject to a 3.75 floor, and requires monthly interest-only payments through December 2023
and subsequently, monthly payments of interest and principal of 0.1 million through its maturity date. The Home2 Suites Salt Lake City
Loan is cross-collateralized by the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City and the Home2 Suites Tukwila. 

On
December 6, 2021, we repaid the Home2 Suites Promissory Note (outstanding principal balance of 26.0 million) in full using the
initial proceeds from the Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan. 

PPP
Loans 

In
April 2020, we, through various subsidiaries (each such entity, a Borrower and collectively, the Borrowers ),
received aggregate funding of 1.5 million through PPP Loans originated under the federal Paycheck Protection Program, which was established
under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and is administered by the SBA. During the
first quarter of 2021, the Borrowers received an additional aggregate funding of 1.9 million of PPP Loans. The PPP Loans are classified
as Notes Payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
PPP Loans each had a term of five years and provided for an interest rate of 1.00 . The payment of principal and interest on the PPP
Loans was deferred until the day that the forgiven amount was remitted to the lender (approximately 5 months after the forgiveness application
is submitted to the lender, unless the Borrower appealed a denial of forgiveness) or 10 months after the end of the Borrower s
covered period, whichever was earlier. Pursuant to the terms of the CARES Act, the proceeds of the PPP Loans were to be used for payroll
costs, mortgage interest, rent and/or utility costs. 

The
promissory note for each of the PPP Loans contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and
breach of representations and warranties or of provisions of the relevant promissory note. Under the terms of the CARES
Act, each Borrower could apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the PPP Loans, with such forgiveness determined,
subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. We applied for forgiveness of
all of our PPP Loans and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received notices from the SBA that an aggregate of
 1.9 million and 1.5 million of the PPP Loans and their related accrued interest had been legally forgiven and we recognized gains on
forgiveness of debt in those amounts, respectively, in our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all of
our PPP Loans and their related accrued interest have been legally forgiven, however each of the PPP Loans still remains subject to audit
by the SBA for up to six years after the date on which it was legally forgiven. 

Investments
in Unconsolidated Affiliated Entities 

Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture 

On
March 27, 2018, we and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), a REIT also sponsored by our Sponsor
and a related party, acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City from an unrelated third party for aggregate consideration of 60.0 million, which consisted of 25.0 million of cash and
 35.0 million of proceeds from a five-year term, non-recourse mortgage loan from a financial institution (the Hilton Garden Inn
Mortgage ), excluding closing and other related transaction costs. We paid 12.9 million for a 50.0 membership interest in the
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only
payments for the first 30 months of its term with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter,
and the remaining unpaid balance due in full at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized
by the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

26 

We
and Lightstone II each have a 50.0 co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. We account for our membership
interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because we exert significant influence
over but do not control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions
in excess of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture s operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning
as of March 27, 2018 with respect to our membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

In
light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden
Inn Joint Venture previously entered into certain amendments with respect to the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments
aggregating 0.9 million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100
bps reduction in the interest rate spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 4.03 floor, for the six-month period from September 1,
2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding 1.2 million into a cash collateral reserve
account to cover the six monthly debt service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all
financial covenants for quarter-end periods before June 30, 2021. 

Additionally,
on April 7, 2021, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage
to provide for (i) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of 1.7 million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture to fund an additional 0.7 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end
periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end
periods beginning December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022; (iv) an 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1,
2021 through March 31, 2022; and (v) certain restrictions on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
during the interest-only payment period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent
to the acquisition of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate
of 2.8 million of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate distributions of 4.0
million (of which 2.0 million was received in 2022). 

On
March 27, 2023, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date
for 90 days, through June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

On
August 5, 2021, we formed a joint venture with Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ), a REIT also
sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, pursuant to which we acquired 25 of Lightstone REIT IV s membership interest in
the Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, which effective on that date became the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, for aggregate consideration
of 7.9 million. Subsequent to our acquisition, we have made aggregate net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture of 4.3 million through December 31, 2022 (of which 0.2 million was made during the year ended December 31, 2022). 

In
July 2019, Lightstone REIT IV, through its then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, previously acquired four adjacent
parcels of land located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, from unrelated
third parties, for the development of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel . 

27 

As
a result, we and Lightstone REIT IV have 25 and 75 membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture.
We have determined that the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a variable interest entity and we are not the primary beneficiary,
as it was determined that REIT IV is the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we account for our membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method because we exert significant influence over but do not control the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are
made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from
the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s
operating agreement. 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Williamsburg Moxy Developer pursuant to which the Williamsburg Moxy Developer is
being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs, as defined in the Development Agreement, incurred in connection with
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. Additionally on August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture obtained construction financing for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as discussed below. Additionally, the Advisor and its affiliates
are reimbursed for certain development and development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate
of 114.6 million (including cumulative capitalized interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable
to the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6.6 million
and 1.7 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to construction in progress. 

In
preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
incurred pre-opening costs of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021
period. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs and are expensed as incurred. 

An
adjacent land owner has questioned the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s right to develop
and construct the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel without his consent. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is currently responding
to this concern and we believe it will, in due course, be recognized that the adjacent owner waived his right to object in 2017 when
he signed a waiver, consent and subordination allowing the future development of our property as it exists today. While this matter is
currently pending in the court system, the continued use of the property will ultimately be determined by the government of New York
City and we have a number of avenues that we believe are viable paths to unfettered certificates of occupancy. While any dispute has
an element of uncertainty, we currently believe that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to any of the aforementioned
proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

Moxy
Construction Loan 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to 77.0 million
(the Moxy Construction Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options,
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Moxy Construction Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 9.00 , subject to a 9.50 
floor, with monthly interest-only payments based on a rate of 7.50 and
the excess added to the outstanding loan balance due at maturity . LIBOR as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. Additionally, the Moxy Construction Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate based
on SOFR in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Construction Loan is collateralized by the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was 65.6 million (including 1.7
million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 2.0 million and 18.6 million (including
 0.1 million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 3.7 million, respectively,
on the condensed balance sheets and is classified as loans payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability under
the facility was up to 11.4 million and its interest rate was 13.39 . 

28 

In
connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost
guarantees. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid 3.7 million of
loan fees and expenses and accrued 0.8 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included in other
liabilities on the condensed balance sheets as of both and December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See
Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Funds
from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations 

The
historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line
amortization of intangibles, which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because
real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business
cycle, unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for
depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because
of these factors, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published
a standardized measure of performance known as funds from operations FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental
performance measure. We believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate
supplemental measure of a REIT s operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We
calculate FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the standards established over time by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as restated
in a White Paper approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT effective in December 2018 (the White Paper ). The White
Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding depreciation and amortization related to real estate,
gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control and impairment write-downs of certain
real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable
real estate held by the entity. Our FFO calculation complies with NAREIT s definition. 

We
believe that the use of FFO provides a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and reflects the
impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest
costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes
in the accounting and reporting promulgations under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT s
definition of FFO, such as the change to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred
for business combinations, have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that
are expensed under GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed
REITs, which typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during the
period when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because
of these factors, the Investment Program Association (the IPA ), an industry trade group, published a standardized measure
of performance known as modified funds from operations MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure
for publicly registered, non-listed REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered,
non-listed REITs by adjusting for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items
the IPA believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining
of rents as required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we
believe that both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends
in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately
apparent from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

29 

We
define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent with the IPA s Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered,
Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from Operations (the Practice Guideline issued by the IPA in November 2010. The
Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In
calculating MFFO, we follow the Practice Guideline and exclude acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses incurred for business
combinations, amounts relating to deferred rent receivables and amortization of market lease and other intangibles, net (which are adjusted
in order to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), accretion of
discounts and amortization of premiums on debt investments and borrowings, mark-to-market adjustments included in net income (including
gains or losses incurred on assets held for sale), gains or losses included in net income from the extinguishment or sale of debt, hedges,
foreign exchange, derivatives or securities holdings where trading of such holdings is not a fundamental attribute of the business plan,
unrealized gains or losses resulting from consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting, and after adjustments for consolidated
and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, with such adjustments calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis. Certain of the
above adjustments are also made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the
amortization of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains
(losses) on derivatives, securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO
excludes non-recurring impairment of real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of
reserves on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated
net recoverable value of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and
the status of any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

We
believe that, because MFFO excludes costs that we consider more reflective of non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward
basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance once our
portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT
industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not
all REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other
REITs, including publicly registered, non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow
available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations
as determined under GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our
liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO
and MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with other GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not
be construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in evaluating
our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT under GAAP should
be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP measures, FFO and
MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

Neither
the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments
that we use to calculate FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates to the White
Paper or the Practice Guidelines or the SEC or another regulatory body could standardize the allowable adjustments across the publicly
registered, non-listed REIT industry, and we would have to adjust our calculation and characterization of FFO or MFFO accordingly. 

30 

The
below table illustrates the items deducted from or added to net loss in the calculation of FFO and MFFO. Items are presented net of noncontrolling
interest portions where applicable. 

For the 
Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (215 
 (2,733 
 
 FFO adjustments: 

Adjustments to equity earnings from unconsolidated entities, net 
 1,221 
 1,248 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 
 4,865 
 5,114 
 
 FFO 
 5,871 
 3,629 
 
 MFFO adjustments: 

Loss on sale of marketable securities (1) 
 - 
 23 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities (2) 
 40 
 9 
 
 Adjustments to equity earnings from unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 
 (258 
 (191 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt (1) 
 (1,893 
 (1,470 
 
 MFFO 
 3,760 
 2,000 
 
 Straight-line rent (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 MFFO - IPA recommended format 
 3,760 
 2,000 

Net loss 
 (215 
 (2,733 
 
 Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss applicable to Company s common shares 
 (215 
 (2,733 
 
 Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 (0.02 
 (0.21 

FFO 
 5,871 
 3,629 
 
 Less: FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 
 FFO attributable to Company s common shares 
 5,871 
 3,629 
 
 FFO per common share, basic and diluted 
 0.45 
 0.27 

MFFO - IPA recommended format 
 3,760 
 2,000 
 
 Less: MFFO attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 
 MFFO attributable to Company s common shares 
 3,760 
 2,000 

Weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 13,080 
 13,215 

(1) Management
 believes that adjusting for gains or losses related to extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives
 or securities holdings is appropriate because they are items that may not be reflective of
 ongoing operations. By excluding these items, management believes that MFFO provides supplemental
 information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other
 reporting periods. 
 
 (2) Management
 believes that adjusting for mark-to-market adjustments is appropriate because they are nonrecurring
 items that may not be reflective of ongoing operations and reflects unrealized impacts on
 value based only on then current market conditions, although they may be based upon current
 operational issues related to an individual property or industry or general market conditions.
 Mark-to-market adjustments are made for items such as ineffective derivative instruments,
 certain marketable securities and any other items that GAAP requires we make a mark-to-market
 adjustment for. The need to reflect mark-to-market adjustments is a continuous process and
 is analyzed on a quarterly and/or annual basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (3) Under
 GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using various methodologies. This may result
 in income recognition that is significantly different than underlying contract terms. By
 adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis
 of disclosing the rent and lease payments), MFFO provides useful supplemental information
 on the realized economic impact of lease terms and debt investments, providing insight on
 the contractual cash flows of such lease terms and debt investments, and aligns results with
 management s analysis of operating performance. 

31 

The
table below presents our cumulative distributions declared and cumulative FFO: 

For the period 
October 5, 2012 
(date of inception) through 
December 31, 
2022 
 
 FFO attributable to Company s common shares 
 21,118 
 
 Cumulative distributions declared 
 25,876 

FFO
attributable to our Common Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.9 million and cash flow provided by operations was
 3.1 million. FFO attributable to our Common Shares for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.6 million and cash flow provided
by operations was 1.7 million. There were no distributions paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

32 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 (a Maryland corporation) 

Index 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Lightstone
Value Plus REIT III, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Investment
Property and Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliated Real Estate Entities Impairment Evaluation 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had investment property, net of accumulated depreciation, of approximately 97.8 million and
investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities of 21.8 million. As more fully described in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company evaluates the recoverability of investment property at the lowest identifiable level, the individual
property level, and the recoverability of the investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment property or the investments in unconsolidated
affiliated real estate entities may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes judgment to determine if the severity of any single
indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators of less severity that when combined, would result in an indication that
the individual property may not be recoverable. The Company considers relevant facts and circumstances which may include the
significant underperformance of an investment property relative to historical or projected future operating results as well as
significant negative industry or economic trends. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, the Company assesses
potential impairment by comparing estimated undiscounted future operating cash flows expected to be generated over the holding
period of the investment property and from its eventual disposition to the carrying amount. The estimates include significant
assumptions such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of
demand, competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. An investment property is impaired only if management s
estimate of the fair value of the investment property is less than the carrying value and not recoverable. The ultimate realization
of the Company s investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities is dependent on a number of factors including
the performance of that entity and market conditions. If the Company determines that a decline in the value of the investments in
unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities is other than temporary, it will record an impairment charge. 

F- 2 

We
identified the impairment evaluation as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment made by management in identifying indicators
of impairment and in determining the estimated recoverability of investment property and the investments in unconsolidated affiliated
real estate entities. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures
to evaluate the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions related to the impairment evaluation including
identifying events and circumstances that exist that would indicate the carrying amount of investment property and investments in unconsolidated
affiliated real estate entities may not be recoverable, as well as future operating income, holding period, capitalization rates, residual
values, entity performance and market conditions. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation process.
Our procedures included, among others: (i) assessing the methodologies applied; (ii) identifying the existence of any triggering events;
(iii) comparing the estimated undiscounted cash flows to historical operating results by property; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness
of significant estimates and assumptions utilized in determining future operating income, the holding period, capitalization rates and residual values
and determining if they were reasonable considering the past and current performance of the property and if consistent with evidence
obtained in other areas of the audit. In addition, we performed sensitivity analysis over significant estimates and assumptions including
future operating income and residual values. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management in its
evaluation. We held discussions with management about the current status of certain properties to understand how management s significant
estimates and assumptions are developed considering potential future market conditions. In addition, we evaluated the mathematical accuracy
of the calculations included in the Company s evaluation. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

March 29,
2023 

F- 3 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Amounts
in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Assets 

Investment property: 

Land and improvements 

Building and improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Gross investment property 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net investment property 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, available for sale 

Accounts receivable and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

Mortgages payable, net 

Notes payable 
 - 

Due to related parties 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Company s stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; million shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; million shares authorized, million and million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Company stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Amounts
in thousands, except per share data) 

For the 
Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Expenses: 

Property operating expenses 

Real estate taxes 

General and administrative costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total expenses 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Other (expense)/income, net 

Net loss 

Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 

Net loss applicable to Company s common shares 

Net loss per Company s common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

For the 
Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income: 

Holding (loss)/gain on marketable securities, available for sale 

Reclassification adjustment for loss included in net loss 
 - 

Other comprehensive (loss)/income 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company s common shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

Additional 
 Accumulated Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

For the 
Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Earnings from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Other non-cash adjustments 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable and other assets 

Increase in accounts payable and other accrued expenses 

Increase in due to related parties 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of investment property 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 
 - 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Distribution from unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from mortgage financing 
 - 

Payments on mortgages payable 
 - 

Proceeds received from notes payable 
 - 

Payment of loan fees and expenses 

Redemption and cancellation of common shares 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information for the periods indicated is as follows: 

Cash paid for interest 

Forgiveness of debt 

Holding gain/loss on marketable securities, available for sale 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollar amounts in
thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions) 

general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership s common units. 

Lightstone
REIT III and the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the Company and the use of
 we, our, us or similar pronouns in these consolidated financial statements refers to Lightstone
REIT III, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

Through
the Operating Partnership, the Company owns, operates and develops commercial properties and makes real estate-related investments. Since
its inception, the Company has primarily acquired and operated commercial hospitality properties, principally consisting of limited-service-hotels
all located in the United States. However, its commercial holdings may also consist of full-service hotels, and to a lesser extent, retail
(primarily multi-tenanted shopping centers), industrial and office properties. The Company s real estate investments are held by
it alone or jointly with other parties. In addition, the Company may invest up to 20 of its net assets in collateralized debt obligations,
commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS and mortgage and mezzanine loans secured, directly or indirectly, by the same
types of properties which it may acquire directly. Although most of its investments are these types, the Company may invest in whatever
types of real estate or real estate-related investments that it believes are in its best interests. The Company evaluates all of its
real estate investments as one operating segment. The Company currently intends to hold its investments until such time as it determines
that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve its investment objectives or until it appears that the objectives
will not be met. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company (i) majority owned and consolidated the operating results and financial condition of eight limited-service
hotels containing a total of 872 rooms, (ii) held an unconsolidated 50.0 membership interest in LVP LIC Hotel JV LLC (the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture and (iii) held an unconsolidated 25.0 membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ). The Company accounts for its unconsolidated membership interests in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture under the equity method of accounting. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture owns a 183-room, limited-service hotel (the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City) located
in the Long Island City neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture developed, constructed
and owns a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel located in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn
borough of New York City, which opened on March 7, 2023. Both the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture are between the Company and related parties. 

The
Company s advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein.
On July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for limited partner units in the Operating
Partnership. The Advisor also owns shares of our common stock Common Shares which were issued on December 24,
2012 for , or per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests of the Lightstone Group, LLC. The
Lightstone Group, LLC served as the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor during its initial public offering (the Offering which terminated on March 31, 2017. Mr. Lichtenstein owns Common Shares which were issued on December 11, 2014 for
 2.0 million, or per share. Pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement and subject to the oversight of the Company s
board of directors (the Board of Directors ), the Advisor has primary responsibility for making investment decisions on
behalf of the Company and managing its day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and control of the Lightstone Group, LLC, Mr. Lichtenstein
is the indirect owner and manager of Lightstone SLP III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Special Limited Partner ),
which owns subordinated participation interests Subordinated Participation Interests in the Operating Partnership
which were acquired for million in connection with the Offering. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as the Company s Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT III or the Operating Partnership. 

The
Company has no employees. The Company s Advisor and its affiliates perform a full range of real estate services for it, including
asset management, accounting, legal, and property management, as well as investor relations services. 

The
Company is dependent on the Advisor and its affiliates for services that are essential to it, including asset management and acquisition,
disposition and financing activities, and other general administrative responsibilities. If the Advisor and its affiliates are unable
to provide these services to the Company, it would be required to provide the services itself or obtain the services from other parties. 

The
Company also uses other unaffiliated third-party property managers, principally for the management of its hospitality properties. 

The
Company s Common Shares are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its Common Shares
for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest
of its stockholders. The Company does not intend to list its Common Shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would
be any market for its Common Shares until they are listed for trading. 

On
January 17, 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to the Company s charter pursuant
to which the Company is no longer required to either
(a) amend its charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or (b) hold a stockholders meeting
to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of its portfolio. 

Current
Environment 

The
Company s operating results and financial condition are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and
global economies and may be influenced by market and other challenges. Additionally, its business and financial performance may be adversely
affected by current and future economic and other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial
markets volatility and uncertainty as a result of recent banking failures, political upheaval or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters,
terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships,
inflation and recession. 

The
Company s overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior.
Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges,
developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other changes in economic conditions may adversely affect the Company s results
of operations and financial performance . 

Noncontrolling
Interests Partners of the Operating Partnership 

Limited
Partner 

On
July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed 2 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating
Partnership. The Advisor has the right to convert limited partner units into cash or, at the Company s option, an equal number
of its Common Shares. 

Special
Limited Partner 

In
connection with the Company s Offering, the Special Limited Partner purchased from the Operating Partnership an aggregate of 242
Subordinated Participation Interests for consideration of 12.1 million. The Subordinated Participation Interests were each purchased
for 50 in consideration and may be entitled to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

As
the majority owner of the Special Limited Partner, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such Subordinated Participation
Interests and will thus receive an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These
Subordinated Participation Interests entitle the Special Limited Partner to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that
the Company makes to its stockholders, but only after its stockholders have received a stated preferred return. From the Company s
inception through December 31, 2022, no distributions have been declared or paid on the Subordinated Participation Interests. 

The
Company s Sponsor, Advisor and its affiliates, including the Special Limited Partner, are related parties of the Company as well
as the other public REITs also sponsored and/or advised by these entities. Certain of these entities are entitled to compensation and
reimbursement for services and costs incurred related to the investment, management and disposition of our assets during the Company s
acquisition, operational and liquidation stages. The compensation levels during the acquisition and operational stages are based on the
cost of acquired properties/investments and the annual revenue earned from such properties/investments, and other such fees and expense
reimbursements as outlined in each of the respective agreements. See Note 8 Related Party Transactions for additional information. 

general partnership
interest in the Operating Partnership. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ). GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during a reporting period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of investment property and investments
in other unconsolidated real estate entities and depreciable lives of long-lived assets. Application of these assumptions requires the
exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Investments
in other unconsolidated real estate entities where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but does not exercise
financial and operating control and is not considered to be the primary beneficiary are accounted for using the equity method. 

Realized
gains or losses resulting from the sale of these securities are determined based on the specific identification of the securities sold.
An impairment charge is recognized when the decline in the fair value of a debt security below the amortized cost basis is determined
to be other-than-temporary. The Company considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including
the duration and severity of any decline in fair value below our amortized cost basis, any adverse changes in the financial condition
of the issuers and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery
in market value. 

Food, beverage and other 

Total revenues 

for buildings and improvements and for furniture and fixtures.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

If
an investment qualifies for the equity method of accounting, the Company s investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently
adjusted for equity in net income or loss and cash contributions and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment
is allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in
these agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of the
Company s investment in the respective joint venture and our share of the underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized
over the respective lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These items are reported as a single line item in the statements of
operations as income or loss from investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities. 

The
Company reviews investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
such investment may not be recoverable . An investment
is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the investment,
and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. The ultimate realization of our investment in partially owned entities
is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that entity and market conditions. If the Company determines that a
decline in the value of a partially owned entity is other than temporary, it will record an impairment charge. 

material uncertain income tax positions. 

million since the interest rates are variable and reflective of market rates. 

Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

Total investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities 

Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture 

On
March 27, 2018, the Company and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), a REIT also sponsored by
the Company s Sponsor and a related party, acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture, the Hilton Garden
Inn Long Island City from an unrelated third party, for aggregate consideration of million, which consisted of million
of cash and million of proceeds from a five-year term non-recourse mortgage loan from a financial institution (the Hilton
Garden Inn Mortgage ), excluding closing and other related transaction costs. The Company paid million for a membership
interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only
payments for the first 30 months of its term with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter,
and the remaining unpaid balance due in full at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized
by the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

The
Company and Lightstone REIT II each have a 50.0 co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. The Company
accounts for its membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because
it exerts significant influence over but does not control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions
of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest
percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the
terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture s operating agreement. The Company commenced recording its allocated portion of profit/loss
and cash distributions beginning as of March 27, 2018 with respect to its membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture. 

In
light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden
Inn Joint Venture previously entered into certain amendments with respect the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments
aggregating million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100
bps reduction in the interest rate spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 4.03 floor, for the six-month period from September 1,
2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding million into a cash collateral reserve
account to cover the six monthly debt service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all
financial covenants for quarter-end periods before June 30, 2021. 

Additionally,
on April 7, 2021, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage
to provide for (i) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture to fund an additional million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end
periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end
periods beginning December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022; (iv) an 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1,
2021 through March 31, 2022; and (v) certain restrictions on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
during the interest-only payment period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent
to the Company s acquisition of its membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022,
it has made an aggregate of million of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate
distributions of million (of which million was received in 2022). 

On
March 27, 2023, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date
for 90 days, through June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture Financial Information 

The
following table represents the condensed statement of operations for the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture for the period indicated: 

Property operating expenses 

General and administrative costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Interest expense and other, net 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Net income/(loss) 

Company s share of net income/(loss) (50.00 

The
following table represents the condensed balance sheet for the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture: 

Cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgage payable, net 

Other liabilities 

Members capital 

Total liabilities and members capital 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company formed a joint venture with Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ),
a REIT also sponsored by the Company s Sponsor and a related party, pursuant to which the Company acquired 25 of Lightstone REIT
IV s membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, which effective on that date became the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture, for aggregate consideration of million. 

Subsequent
to its acquisition, the Company has made additional net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture of million
through December 31, 2022 (of which 0.2 million was made during the year ended December 31, 2022). 

In
July 2019, Lightstone REIT IV, through its then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, previously acquired four adjacent
parcels of land located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, from unrelated
third parties, for the development of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
a result, the Company and Lightstone REIT IV have 25 and 75 membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture. The Company has determined that the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a variable interest entity and the Company is not
the primary beneficiary, as it was determined that REIT IV is the primary beneficiary. Therefore, the Company accounts for its membership
interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method because it exerts significant influence over
but does not control the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions
in excess of earnings from the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s operating agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate
of million (including cumulative capitalized interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable
to the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million
and million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to construction in progress. 

In
preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
incurred pre-opening costs of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021
period. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs and are expensed as incurred. 

An
adjacent land owner has questioned the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s right to develop
and construct the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel without his consent. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is currently responding
to this concern and management believes it will, in due course, be recognized that the adjacent owner waived his right to object in 2017
when he signed a waiver, consent and subordination allowing the future development of our property as it exists today. While this matter
is currently pending in the court system, the continued use of the property will ultimately be determined by the government of New York
City and management has a number of avenues that it believes are viable paths to unfettered certificates of occupancy. While any dispute
has an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to any of the
aforementioned proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. See Note 9 for additional information. 

Moxy
Construction Loan 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to 77.0 million
(the Moxy Construction Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options,
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Moxy Construction Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 9.00 , subject to a 9.50 
floor, with monthly interest-only payments based on a rate of 7.50 and the excess added
to the outstanding loan balance due at maturity. LIBOR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. Additionally,
the Moxy Construction Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate based on SOFR in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30,
2023. The Moxy Construction Loan is collateralized by the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was million (including 
million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of million and million (including
 million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of million, respectively,
on the condensed balance sheets and is classified as loans payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability under
the facility was up to million and its interest rate was . 

In
connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost
guarantees. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid 3.7 million of
loan fees and expenses and accrued 0.8 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included in other
liabilities on the condensed balance sheets as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture Financial Information 

The
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture had no operating results from August 5, 2021 (date of acquisition) through December 31,
2021. The following table represents the condensed statement of operations for the Williamsburg Moxy Joint Venture for the period indicated: 

General and administrative costs 

Net loss 

Company s share of net loss (25 

The
following table represents the condensed balance sheets for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture: 

Cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Loans payable, net 

Other liabilities 

Members capital 

Total liabilities and members capital 

- 

Mutual Funds 
 
 - 

- 

Debt securities : 

Corporate Bonds 
 
 - 

United States Treasury Bills 

- 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Adjusted Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 Marketable
 Securities : 

Equity securities : 

Preferred Equity Securities 
 
 - 

Mutual Funds 
 
 - 

- 

Debt securities : 

Corporate Bonds 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

The
Company considers the declines in market value of its investments in debt securities to be temporary in nature as the unrealized losses
were caused primarily by financial market volatility. When evaluating its investments in debt securities for other-than-temporary impairment,
the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition
of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required
to sell, the debt security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did not recognize any impairment charges on its investments in debt securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not consider
any of its investments in debt securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

The
Company may sell certain of its investments in marketable debt securities prior to their stated maturities for strategic purposes, in
anticipation of credit deterioration, or for duration management. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last
unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level
 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets
 or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
 market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level
 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
 assets or liabilities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s mutual funds and United States Treasury Bills were classified as Level 1 assets and the
Company s preferred equity securities and corporate bonds were classified as Level 2 assets. There were no transfers between the
level classifications during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
fair values of the Company s investments in mutual funds and United States Treasury Bills are measured using quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and its preferred equity securities and corporate bonds are measured using readily available quoted prices
for these securities; however, the markets for these securities are not active. 

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt
securities with stated contractual maturity dates, accounted for as available-for-sale securities and classified by the contractual maturity
date of the securities: 

Due in 1 year through 5 years 
 - 
 
 Due in 5 year through 10 years 
 - 
 
 Due after 10 years 

Total 

The
Company did not have any other significant financial assets or liabilities, which would require revised valuations that are recognized
at fair value. 

Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan 

Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan 

Total mortgages payable 

Less: Deferred financing costs 

Total mortgage payable, net 

LIBOR
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively and AMERIBOR as of December 31 ,
2022 was . 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

The
Company, through certain subsidiaries, has a non-recourse revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with
a financial institution. The Revolving Credit Facility provides the Company with a line of credit of up to million pursuant to
which it may designate properties as collateral that allow borrowings up to a loan-to-value ratio subject to also meeting certain
financial covenants. The Revolving Credit Facility provides for monthly interest-only payments and the entire principal balance is due
upon its expiration. 

Except
as discussed below, the Revolving Credit Facility, which was scheduled to mature on July 13, 2022, bore interest at LIBOR plus ,
subject to a floor. However, on July 13, 2022, the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility was extended to July 13,
2023, subject to the conditions of the first of two one-year extension options, which included the lender s approval. In connection
with the extension of the Revolving Credit Facility, the interest rate was prospectively changed to AMERIBOR plus , subject to a
 floor. The remaining one-year extension option is subject to certain conditions, including lender approval. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Company s Revolving Credit Facility was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt
service payments aggregating million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until July 13,
2022 (which was paid in connection with the extension of the Revolving Credit Facility as discussed above); (ii) a 100 bps reduction
in the interest rate spread to LIBOR + 2.15 , subject to a 3.00 floor, for the six-month period from September 1, 2020 through
February 28, 2021; (iii) the Company pre-funding million into a cash collateral reserve account to cover the six monthly debt
service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end
periods before June 30, 2021. Additionally, a principal paydown of million, which was previously due on April 1, 2020
was bifurcated into two separate principal paydowns of million, which were made in June 2020 and September 2020. 

Subsequently,
on March 31, 2021, the Revolving Credit Facility was further amended providing for (i) the Company to make another principal paydown
of million, (ii) the Company to fund an additional million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all
financial covenants for quarter-end periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant
requirements over the quarter-end periods beginning December 31, 2021 through March 31, 2023; (iv) two one-year extension options,
subject to certain conditions, including the lender s approval (including the first extension option which was exercised on July 13,
2022); and (v) certain limitations and restrictions on asset sales and additional borrowings related to the pledged collateral. 

As
of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Revolving Credit Facility had an outstanding principal balance of million and six
of the Company s hotel properties were pledged as collateral. Additionally, no additional borrowings were available under the Revolving
Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. Although the Revolving Credit Facility is currently scheduled to mature on July 13,
2023, the Company currently intends to seek to further extend the maturity date of the Revolving Credit Facility to July 13, 2024
subject to the conditions, including the lender s approval, of the one remaining one-year extension option, however, there can
be no assurances that it will be successful in such endeavors. 

Home2
Suites Financings 

On
October 5, 2016, the Company entered into a non-recourse promissory note (the Home2 Suites Promissory Note for 
million. The Promissory Note had a term of five years and bore interest at . The Home2 Suites
Promissory Note was cross-collateralized by the Home2 Suites Tukwila and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City . 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company entered into a non-recourse loan facility providing for up to
 million (the Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan ). At closing, the Company initially received million and the
remaining million is available to be drawn upon after December 31, 2022, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. The
Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan is scheduled to mature on December 6, 2026 , bears
interest at LIBOR plus , subject to a floor, and requires monthly interest-only payments through December 2023 and subsequently,
 monthly payments of interest and principal of million through its maturity date. In connection with the Home2
Suites Tukwila Loan , the Company paid the Advisor an aggregate of 0.1 million in debt financing fees. Additionally, the
Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30,
2023. The Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan is cross-collateralized by the Home2 Suites Tukwila
and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City . 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company entered into a non-recourse loan facility providing for up to
 million (the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan ). At closing, the Company initially received million,
and the remaining million is available to be drawn upon after December 31, 2022, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.
The Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan is scheduled to mature on December 6, 2026 ,
bears interest at LIBOR plus , subject to a floor, and requires monthly interest-only payments through December 2023
and subsequently, monthly payments of interest and principal of million through its maturity date. In connection with the
 Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan , the Company paid the Advisor 0.1 million in debt
financing fees. Additionally, the Home2 Suites Salt lake City Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate in connection with
the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30, 2023. The Home2 Suites Salt Lake City Loan is cross-collateralized
by the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City and the Home2 Suites Tukwila . 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company repaid the Home2 Suites Promissory Note (outstanding principal balance of million) in full using
the initial proceeds from the Home2 Suites Tukwila Loan and the Home2 Suites Salt
Lake City Loan. 

Principal
Mortgage Maturities 

The
following table, based on the initial terms of the mortgage, sets forth their aggregate estimated contractual principal maturities, including
balloon payments due at maturity, as of December 31, 2022: 

- 
 - 

Less: Deferred financing costs 

Total principal maturities, net 

Debt
Compliance 

Certain
of the Company s debt agreements also contain clauses providing for prepayment penalties. The Company is currently in compliance
with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

million through loans (the PPP Loans originated under the federal Paycheck Protection
Program, which was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and is administered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA . During the first quarter
of 2021, the Borrowers received an additional aggregate funding of million of PPP Loans. The PPP Loans are classified as Notes Payable
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
PPP Loans each had a term of five years and provided for an interest rate of . The payment of principal and interest on the PPP
Loans was deferred until the day that the forgiven amount was remitted to the lender (approximately five months after the forgiveness
application is submitted to the lender, unless the Borrower appealed a denial of forgiveness) or ten months after the end of the Borrower s
covered period, whichever was earlier. Pursuant to the terms of the CARES Act, the proceeds of the PPP Loans were to be used for payroll
costs, mortgage interest, rent and/or utility costs. 

The
promissory note for each of the PPP Loans contained customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and
breach of representations and warranties or of provisions of the relevant promissory note. Under the terms of the CARES Act, each Borrower
could apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the PPP Loans, with such forgiveness determined, subject to limitations,
based on the use of loan proceeds in accordance with the terms of the CARES Act. The Company applied for forgiveness of all of its PPP
Loans and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, it received notices from the SBA that an aggregate of million
and million of the PPP Loans and their related accrued interest had been legally forgiven and the Company recognized gains on forgiveness
of debt in those amounts, respectively, in its consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all of the Company s
PPP Loans and their related accrued interest have been legally forgiven, however, each of the PPP Loans still remains subject to audit
by the SBA for up to six years after the date on which it was legally forgiven. 

shares of preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, the Company s
board of directors is required by Maryland law and by the Company s charter to set, subject to the Company s charter restrictions
on ownership and transfer of stock, the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to
dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred stock so
issued, which may be more beneficial than the rights, preferences and privileges attributable to Common Shares. The issuance of preferred
stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Common
Shares 

On
July 11, 2014, the Company amended and restated its charter to authorize the issuance of Common Shares. Under its charter,
the Company cannot make certain material changes to its business form or operations without the approval of stockholders holding at least
a majority of the shares of our stock entitled to vote on the matter. These include (1) amendment of its charter, (2) its liquidation
or dissolution, and (3) to the extent required under Maryland law, its merger, consolidation or the sale or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets. 

All
of the common stock offered by the Company will be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the restrictions on ownership
and transfer of stock contained in the Company s charter and except as may otherwise be specified in the charter, the holders of
Common Shares are entitled to one vote per Common Share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote, including the election of the
Company s directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Therefore, the holders of a majority of outstanding
Common Shares can elect the Company s entire board of directors. Except as the Company s charter may provide with respect
to any series of preferred stock that the Company may issue in the future, the holders of Common Shares will possess exclusive voting
power. 

Holders
of the Company s Common Shares are entitled to receive such distributions as authorized from time to time by the Company s
Board of Directors and declared out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential rights of any preferred stock that the Company
issues in the future. In any liquidation, each outstanding Common Share entitles its holder to share (based on the percentage of Common
Shares held) in the assets that remain after the Company pays its liabilities and any preferential distributions owed to preferred stockholders.
Holders of Common Shares do not have preemptive rights, which means that there is no automatic option to purchase any new Common Shares
that the Company issues, nor do holders of Common Shares have any preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights.
Holders of Common Shares do not have appraisal rights unless the Board of Directors determines that appraisal rights apply, with respect
to all or any classes or series of stock, to a particular transaction or all transactions occurring after the date of such determination
in connection with which holders of such Common Shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. Common Shares are nonassessable
by the Company upon its receipt of the consideration for which the Board of Directors authorized its issuance. 

Distributions 

Common
Shares 

On
June 19, 2019, the Board of Directors determined to suspend regular monthly distributions on the Company s Common Shares and
as a result, distributions have been declared since the suspension. 

Previously,
distributions on the Company s Common Shares in an amount equal to a annualized rate, based on a share price of , were
declared on a monthly basis beginning on January 14, 2015 through June 30, 2019 and were paid on or about the 15th day following
each month end. 

There
were no distributions declared or paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
March 22, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized and the Company declared a Common Share distribution of per share for the
quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. The distribution is the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.30 per share,
or an annualized rate of based on a share price of . The distribution will be paid on or about the 15th day of the month following
the quarter-end to stockholders of record on the close of business on March 31, 2023. 

Future
distributions declared, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of the Company s performance
over the previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in
its determination, including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, revenues and other sources of income, operating
and interest expenses and the Company s ability to refinance near-term debt as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement
that REITs distribute no less than of their taxable income. The Company cannot assure that any future distributions will be made
or that it will maintain any particular level of distributions that it has previously established or may establish. 

SRP 

The
Company s share repurchase program (the SRP may provide eligible stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by
enabling them to sell their Common Shares back to the Company, subject to restrictions and applicable law. 

On
March 19, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension
of all redemptions. 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors partially reopened the SRP to allow, subject to various conditions as set forth below, for
redemptions submitted in connection with a stockholder s death and hardship, respectively, and set the price for all such purchases
to the Company s current estimated net asset value per share of common stock, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported
by the Company from time to time. Deaths that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2020 were eligible for consideration, subject to
certain conditions. Beginning January 1, 2022, requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted
and received by the Company within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

On
the above noted date, the Board of Directors established that on an annual basis, the Company would not redeem in excess of of the
number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Additionally,
redemption requests generally would be processed on a quarterly basis and would be subject to proration if either type of redemption
requests exceeded the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of .
For the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of . 

The
following table summarizes all the compensation and fees the Company paid or may pay to the Advisor and its affiliates, including amounts
to reimburse their costs in providing services. The Special Limited Partner has made contributions to the Operating Partnership in exchange
for Subordinated Participation Interests in the Operating Partnership that may entitle the Special Limited Partner to subordinated distributions
as described in the table below. 

Operational and
Development Stages 

Fees 
 
 Amount 
 
 Acquisition
 Fee 
 
 The
 Company pays to the Advisor or its affiliates of the contractual purchase price of each property acquired (including its pro
 rata share (direct or indirect) of debt attributable to such property) or of the amount advanced for a loan or other investment
 (including its pro rata share (direct or indirect) of debt attributable to such investment), as applicable. 
 
 Contractual
purchase price or the amount advanced for a loan or other investment means the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of
the purchase, development, construction or improvement of a property, the amount of funds advanced with respect to a mortgage,
or the amount actually paid or allocated in respect of the purchase of other real estate-related assets, in each case inclusive
of any indebtedness assumed or incurred in respect of such asset but exclusive of acquisition fees and acquisition expenses. 

Acquisition
 Expenses 
 
 The
 Company reimburses the Advisor for expenses actually incurred related to selecting or acquiring assets on the Company s behalf,
 regardless of whether or not the Company acquires the related assets. In addition, the Company pays third parties, or reimburses
 the Advisor or its affiliates, for any investment-related expenses due to third parties, including, but not limited to legal fees
 and expenses, travel and communications expenses, cost of appraisals, nonrefundable option payments on property not acquired, accounting
 fees and expenses and title insurance premiums, regardless of whether or not the Company acquires the related assets. In no event
 will the total of all acquisition fees, financing coordination fees and acquisition expenses (including those paid to third parties,
 as described above) payable with respect to a particular investment be unreasonable or exceed of the contractual purchase price
 of each property including its pro rata share (direct or indirect) of debt attributable to such property) or of the amount advanced
 for a loan or other investment (including its pro rata share (direct or indirect) of debt attributable to attributable to such investment),
 as applicable. 

Construction
 Management Fee 
 
 The
 Company may engage affiliates of the Advisor to provide construction management services for some of its properties. The Company
 will pay a construction management fee in an amount of up to of the cost of any improvements that the affiliates of the Advisor
 may undertake. The affiliates of the Advisor may subcontract the performance of their duties to third parties. 

Fees 
 
 Amount 
 
 Asset
Management Fee 
 
 The
Company pays the Advisor or its assignees a monthly asset management fee equal to one-twelfth (1 12) of of the Company s
average invested assets. Average invested assets means, for a specified period, the average of the aggregate book value of its
assets invested, directly or indirectly, in equity interests in and loans secured by real estate, before deducting depreciation,
bad debts or other non- cash reserves, computed by taking the average of such values at the end of each month during such period. 

Property
 Management Fees 

Property
 management fees with respect to properties managed by affiliates of the Advisor are payable monthly in an amount not to exceed the
 fee customarily charged in arm s-length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar
 properties as determined by a survey of property managers in such area. The affiliates of the Advisor may subcontract the performance
 of their duties to third parties. The Company reimburses the affiliates of the Advisor for costs and expenses, which may include
 personnel costs for on-site personnel providing direct services for the properties and for maintenance personnel to the extent needed
 at the properties from time to time, and the cost of travel and entertainment, printing and stationery, advertising, marketing, signage,
 long distance phone calls and other expenses that are directly related to the management of specific properties. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the Company will not reimburse the affiliates of the Advisor for their general overhead costs or, other than as set
 forth above, for the wages and salaries and other employee-related expenses of their employees. 
 
 In
 addition, the Company pays the affiliates of the Advisor a separate fee for the one- time initial rent-up or leasing-up of newly
 constructed properties in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s-length transactions by others rendering
 similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 
 
 From
the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, no property management fees or separate fees have been incurred. 

Operating
 Expenses 
 
 The
 Company may reimburse the Advisor s costs of providing administrative services at the end of each fiscal quarter, subject to
 the limitation that the Company will not reimburse the Advisor (except in limited circumstances) for any amount by which the total
 operating expenses at the end of the four preceding fiscal quarters exceeds the greater of (i) of average invested assets (as
 defined above under Asset Management Fee for that fiscal year, and (ii) of net income other than any additions to reserves
 for depreciation, bad debt or other similar non-cash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of assets for that period. From
 the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has not reimbursed the Advisor for providing any administrative
 services. 
 
 Additionally,
the Company reimburses the Advisor or its affiliates for personnel costs in connection with other services; however, the Company
will not reimburse the Advisor for (a) services for which the Advisor or its affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form
of a separate fee, or (b) the salaries and benefits of the named executive officers. 

Financing
Coordination Fee 
 
 If
the Advisor provides services in connection with the financing of an asset, assumption of a loan in connection with the acquisition
of an asset or origination or refinancing of any loan on an asset, the Company may pay the Advisor or its assignees a financing
coordination fee equal to of the amount available or outstanding under such financing. The Advisor may reallow some of or
all this financing coordination fee to reimburse third parties with whom it may subcontract to procure such financing. 

Liquidation/Listing
 Stage 
 
 Real
 Estate Disposition Commissions 

For
substantial services in connection with the sale of a property, the Company will pay to the Advisor or any of its affiliates a real estate
disposition commission in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) one-half of a real estate commission that is reasonable, customary and
competitive in light of the size, type and location of the property and (b) of the contractual sales price of the property; provided ,
 however , that in no event may the real estate commissions paid to the Advisor, its affiliates and unaffiliated third parties exceed
the lesser of of the contractual sales price or a real estate commission that is reasonable, customary and competitive in light
of the size, type and location of the property. The Company s independent directors will determine whether the Advisor or its affiliates
have provided a substantial amount of services to the Company in connection with the sale of a property. A substantial amount of services
in connection with the sale of a property includes the preparation by the Advisor or its affiliates of an investment package for the
property (including an investment analysis, an asset description and other due diligence information) or such other substantial services
performed by the Advisor or its affiliates in connection with a sale. 

Annual
Subordinated Performance Fee 

The
 Company may pay the Advisor an annual subordinated performance fee calculated on the basis of the annual return to holders of Common
 Shares, payable annually in arrears, such that for any year in which holders of Common Shares receive payment of a annual
 cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return on their respective net investments, the Advisor will be entitled to of the total
 return in excess of such 6.0 per annum; provided , that the amount paid to the Advisor will not exceed of the aggregate
 return for such year, and provided, further, that the amount paid to the Advisor will not be paid unless holders of Common
 Shares receive a return of their respective net investments. This fee will be payable only from realized appreciation in the
 Company s assets upon their sale, other disposition or refinancing, which results in the return on stockholders 
 respective net investments exceeding 6.0 per annum. 
 
 For
 purposes of the annual subordinated performance fee, net investment means 10.00 per Common Share, less a pro rata
 share of any proceeds received from the sale, other disposition or refinancing of assets. 
 
 From
the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, no annual subordinated performance fees have been incurred. 

Fees 
 
 Amount 
 
 Liquidation
 Distributions to the Special Limited Partner 

Distributions
 from the Operating Partnership in connection with its liquidation initially will be made to the Company (which the Company will distribute
 to holders of Common Shares), until holders of Common Shares have received liquidation distributions from the Operating Partnership
 equal to their respective net investments plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 6.0 on their respective net
 investments. 
 
 Thereafter,
 the Special Limited Partner will be entitled to receive liquidation distributions from the Operating Partnership until it has received
 liquidation distributions from the Operating Partnership equal to its net investment plus cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual
 return of 6.0 on its net investment. 
 
 Thereafter,
 of the aggregate amount of any additional liquidation distributions by the Operating Partnership will be payable to the Company
 (which the Company will distribute to holders of Common Shares), and the remaining will be payable to the Special Limited Partner. 
 
 With
 respect to holders of Common Shares, net investment means per Common Share, less a pro rata share of any proceeds
 received from the sale, other disposition or refinancing of assets. With respect to the Special Limited Partner, net investment 
 means the value of all contributions of cash or property the Special Limited Partner has made to the Operating Partnership in consideration
 for its subordinated participation interests, measured as of the respective times of contribution, less a pro rata share of any proceeds
 received from the sale, other disposition or refinancing of assets. 
 
 From
the Company s inception through December 31, 2022, no liquidating distributions have been made. 

Due
to related parties and other transactions 

Amounts
the Company owes to the Advisor and its affiliated entities are principally for asset management fees, non-interest bearing, due on demand
and are classified as due to related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Affiliates
of the Company s Advisor may also perform fee-based construction management services for both its development and redevelopment
activities and tenant construction projects. These fees will be considered incremental to the construction effort and will be capitalized
to the associated real estate project as incurred . Costs incurred for tenant construction will be depreciated over the shorter
of their useful life or the term of the related lease. Costs related to development and redevelopment activities will be depreciated
over the estimated useful life of the associated project. 

The
following table represents the fees incurred associated with the payments to the Company s Advisor for the periods indicated: 

Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 

Total 

(1) 

(2) 

The
advisory agreement has a one-year term and is renewable for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent
of the Advisor and the Company s independent directors. Payments to the Advisor or its affiliates may include asset acquisition
fees and the reimbursement of acquisition-related expenses, development fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs, financing
coordination fees, asset management fees or asset management participation, and construction management fees. The Company may also reimburse
the Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs for administrative and other services provided for it. Upon the liquidation
of the Company s assets, it may pay the Advisor or its affiliates a disposition commission. 

years however, the agreements can be cancelled for any reason by the Company after giving 60 days notice after
the one year anniversary of the commencement of the respective agreement. 

The
Management Agreements provide for the payment of a base management fee equal to to of gross revenues, as defined, and an incentive
management fee based on the operating results of the hotel, as defined. The
base management fee and incentive management fee, if any, are recorded as a component of property operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

Franchise
Agreements 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s hotels operated pursuant to various franchise agreements. Under the franchise agreements,
the Company generally pays a fee equal to to of gross room sales, as defined, and a marketing
fund charge from to of gross room sales. The franchise fee and marketing fund
charge are recorded as a component of property operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
franchise agreements are generally for initial terms ranging from years to years, expiring between 2028 and 2034. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. See
Note 3 for additional information. 

As
of the date hereof, we are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible
to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the
contingency. 

F- 31 

PART
II. CONTINUED: 

ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of the Advisor s management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls
and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures
were adequate and effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control
system is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and
effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; 

provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization
of our management and directors; and 

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
they used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission published in its report
entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

33 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION: 

None. 

Item 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

34 

PART
III. 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors serving in such capacity: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal
 Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 Year
 Term of Office Will Expire 
 
 Served
 as a Director Since 
 
 David
 Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 2023 
 
 2014 
 
 George
 R. Whittemore 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2014 
 
 Yehuda
 Judah L. Angster 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 
 
 2021 

David
Lichtenstein is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Lichtenstein founded both American Shelter
Corporation and The Lightstone Group. From 1988 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer of The Lightstone Group, directing all aspects of the acquisition, financing and management of a diverse portfolio
of multifamily, lodging, retail and industrial properties located in 20 states and Puerto Rico. From June 2004 to the present, Mr.
Lichtenstein has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone
REIT I and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT LLC, its advisor. From April 2008 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein
has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Offer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone
REIT II and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC, its advisor. From September 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served
as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone REIT IV Inc., Lightstone REIT IV ), and
as Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC, its advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein
has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Enterprises Limited Lightstone Enterprises ).
Mr. Lichtenstein was appointed Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT V, Inc. Lightstone REIT
V on August 31, 2021 and is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of its advisor. From July 2015 to
the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the New York City Economic Development Corporation.
Mr. Lichtenstein is also a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the National Association of Real Estate Investment
Trusts, Inc., an industry trade group, as well as a member of the Board of Directors of Touro College and New York Medical College. Mr.
Lichtenstein has been selected to serve as a director due to his experience and networking relationships in the real estate industry,
along with his experience in acquiring and financing real estate properties. 

35 

George
R. Whittemore is one of our independent directors. From July 2006 to the present, Mr. Whittemore has served as a member of the
board of directors of Lightstone REIT I, and from April 2008 to the present has served as a member of the board of directors of
Lightstone REIT II. Mr. Whittemore also presently serves as a director and member of the audit committee of Village Bank Financial Corporation
in Richmond, Virginia, a publicly traded company. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a director of Condor Hospitality, Inc. in Norfolk,
Nebraska, a publicly traded company, from November 1994 to March 2016. Mr. Whittemore previously served as a director and chairman
of the audit committee of Prime Group Realty Trust from July 2005 until December 2012. Mr. Whittemore previously served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. from November 2001 until August 2004 and as Senior
Vice President and Director of both Anderson Strudwick, Incorporated, a brokerage firm based in Richmond, Virginia, and Anderson
 Strudwick Investment Corporation, from October 1996 until October 2001. Mr. Whittemore has also served as Director, President
and Managing Officer of Pioneer Federal Savings Bank and its parent, Pioneer Financial Corporation, from September 1982 until August 1994,
and as President of Mills Value Adviser, Inc., a registered investment advisor. Mr. Whittemore is a graduate of the University of Richmond.
Mr. Whittemore has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his experience in accounting, banking, finance and real estate. 

Yehuda
 Judah L. Angster is one of our independent directors. From August 2021 to the present, Mr. Angster has served
as a member of the board of directors of Lightstone REIT II and from November 2015 through August 2021, Mr. Angster served
as a member of the board of directors of Lightstone REIT I. Mr. Angster is currently the Chief Executive Officer of CastleRock Equity
Group in Florham Park, NJ. Before joining CastleRock Equity Group in June of 2015, Mr. Angster was the Vice President of Global Development
for PCS Wireless, LLC in Florham Park NJ beginning in September 2012. Mr. Angster was the Internal Counsel for Empire Bank from
June 2009 to September 2012. Mr. Angster earned his J.D. from the Pace University School of Law in May 2009. Mr. Angster
earned a Bachelor of Talmudic Law from Tanenbaum Educational Center, Rockland, NY. Mr. Angster is licensed to practice law in New Jersey
and New York. Mr. Angster has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive experience in global business development
and real estate transactions. 

Executive
Officers: 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 
 70 
 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 
 49 
 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Seth Molod 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

David
Lichtenstein for biographical information about Mr. Lichtenstein, see Management Directors. 

Mitchell
Hochberg is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lightstone
REIT I, Lightstone REIT II and Lightstone REIT IV and their advisors. Mr. Hochberg also serves as the President of our sponsor and
as the President and Chief Operating Officer of our advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as
President of Lightstone. Mr. Hochberg was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I, Inc. OP
1 and Lightstone REIT V effective as of September 28, 2017. Additionally, on August 31, 2021, Mr. Hochberg was
appointed as a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V and will continue to serve as the Lightstone
V s Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in August 2012, Mr. Hochberg served as principal of
Madden Real Estate Ventures from 2007 to August 2012 when it combined with our sponsor. Mr. Hochberg held the position of
President and Chief Operating Officer of Ian Schrager Company, a developer and manager of innovative luxury hotels and residential
projects in the United States from early 2006 to early 2007 and prior to that Mr. Hochberg founded Spectrum Communities, a developer
of luxury neighborhoods in the northeast of the United States, in 1985 where for 20 years he served as its President and Chief
Executive Officer. Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors of Belmond Ltd from 2009 to
April 2019. Additionally, through October 2014 Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors and as Chairman of the
board of directors of Orleans Homebuilders, Inc. Mr. Hochberg received his law degree as a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar from Columbia
University School of Law and graduated magna cum laude from New York University College of Business and Public Administration with a
Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and finance. 

36 

Joseph
E. Teichman is our General Counsel and Secretary and also serves as General Counsel of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT II and
Lightstone REIT IV and their respective advisors. Mr. Teichman also serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of our sponsor
and as General Counsel of our advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Teichman has served as Secretary and a Director of
Lightstone. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in January 2007, Mr. Teichman practiced law at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
Wharton Garrison LLP in New York, NY from September 2001 to January 2007. Mr. Teichman earned a J.D. from the University
of Pennsylvania Law School and a B.A. from Beth Medrash Govoha, Lakewood, New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is licensed to practice law in New
York and New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yeshiva Orchos Chaim, Lakewood, New Jersey and was appointed
to the Ocean County College Board of Trustees in February 2016. 

Seth
Molod is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and also serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Lightstone REIT
I, Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT IV and Lightstone V. Mr. Molod also serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of our Sponsor and as the Chief Financial Officer of our Advisor and the advisors of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone
REIT IV and Lightstone V. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in August of 2018, Mr. Molod, 54, served as an Audit Partner, Chair of
Real Estate Services and on the Executive Committee of Berdon LLP, a full service accounting, tax, financial and management advisory
firm Berdon ). Mr. Molod joined Berdon in 1989. He has extensive experience advising some of the nation s most prominent
real estate owners, developers, managers, and investors in both commercial and residential projects. Mr. Molod has worked with many privately
held real estate companies as well as institutional investors, REITs, and other public companies. Mr. Molod is a licensed certified public
accountant in New Jersey and New York and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Molod holds a Bachelor
of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Muhlenberg College. 

Section 16
(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 
of our common stock to file initial statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership
(Forms 4 and 5) of our common stock with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater than
10 beneficial owners are required by Securities and Exchange Commission rules to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file.
Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, or written representations that no additional forms were required, we believe that all of our officers and directors and persons
that beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with these filing requirements in 2022. 

Information
Regarding Audit Committee 

Our
Board established an audit committee in June 2014. The charter of audit committee is available at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings or in print to any stockholder who requests it c/o Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc., 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood,
NJ 08701. Our audit committee consists of George R. Whittemore and Yehuda Judah L. Angster each of whom is independent 
within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. The Board determined that Mr. Whittemore is qualified as an audit committee
financial experts as defined in Item 401 (h) of Regulation S-K. For more information regarding the relevant professional
experience of Mr. Whittemore and Mr. Angster see Directors . 

Code
of Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers and directors, including but not limited
to, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings 

37 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers 

Our
officers will not receive any cash compensation from us for their services as our officers. Our board of directors (including a majority
of our independent directors) will determine if and when any of our officers will receive restricted shares of our common stock. Additionally,
our officers are officers of one or more of our affiliates and are compensated by those entities (including our sponsor), in part, for
their services rendered to us. From our inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has not compensated the officers. 

Compensation
of Board of Directors 

We
pay our independent directors an annual fee of 40,000 (payable in quarterly installments) and are responsible for reimbursement of their
out-of-pocket expenses, as incurred. We also pay our audit committee chair an additional aggregate annual fee of 10,000 (payable in
quarterly installments). 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Executive
Officers: 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors and executive officers serving
in such capacities: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock of the Lightstone REIT III Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of All Common Shares of the Lightstone REIT III 
 
 David Lichtenstein (1) 
 242,222 
 1.9 
 
 George R. Whittemore 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yehuda Judah L. Angster 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 - 
 - 
 
 Seth Molod 
 - 
 - 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 - 
 - 
 
 Our directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 242,222 
 1.9 

(1) Includes
20,000 shares owned by our Advisor and 222,222 shares owned by an entity 100 owned by David Lichtenstein. Our Advisor is majority
owned by David Lichtenstein. The beneficial owner s business address is 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, New Jersey 08701. 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

David
Lichtenstein serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer. Our Advisor and its affiliates and the
Special Limited Partner are majority owned and controlled by Mr. Lichtenstein. We have or may entered into agreements with our Advisor
and its affiliates to pay certain fees, as described below, in exchange for services performed or consideration given by these and other
affiliated entities. As a majority owner of those entities, Mr. Lichtenstein benefits from fees and other compensation that they receive
pursuant to these agreements. 

38 

Property
Managers 

Our
Advisor has certain affiliates which may manage the properties we acquire. We also use other unaffiliated third-party property managers,
principally for the management of our hospitality properties. 

We
have agreed to pay our property managers a monthly management fee in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily charged in arm s-length
transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as determined by a survey of property
managers in such area. We will reimburse our property managers for certain costs and expenses. We may also pay our property managers
a separate fee for the one-time initial rent-up or leasing-up of newly constructed property in an amount not to exceed the fee customarily
charged in arm s length transactions by others rendering similar services in the same geographic area for similar properties as
determined by a survey of brokers and agents in such area. 

We
may also engage our property managers to provide construction management services for some of our properties. We will pay a construction
management fee in an amount of up to 5 of the cost of any improvements that our property managers undertake. 

Advisor 

We
pay our Advisor an acquisition fee equal to 1.0 of the gross contractual purchase price (including any mortgage assumed) of each property
purchased and reimburse our Advisor for expenses that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. Acquisition fees and expenses
are capped at 5 of the gross contractual purchase price of a property. 

The
Advisor is paid an advisor asset management fee of one-twelfth (1/12) of 0.75 of our average invested assets and we will reimburse some
expenses of the Advisor relating to asset management. 

If
our Advisor provides services in connection with the financing of an asset, assumption of a loan in connection with the acquisition of
an asset or origination or refinancing of any loan on an asset, we may pay our Advisor a financing coordination fee equal to 0.75 of
the amount available or outstanding under such financing. 

For
substantial services in connection with the sale of a property, we will pay to our Advisor a commission in an amount equal to the lesser
of (a) one-half of a real estate commission that is reasonable, customary and competitive in light of the size, type and location of
the property and (b) 2.0 of the contractual sales price of the property. The commission will not exceed the lesser of 6.0 of the contractual
sales price or commission that is reasonable, customary and competitive in light of the size, type and location of the property 

We
may pay our Advisor an annual subordinated performance fee calculated on the basis of our annual return to holders of our Common Shares,
payable annually in arrears, such that for any year in which holders of our Common Shares receive payment of a 6.0 annual cumulative,
pre-tax, non-compounded return on their respective net investments, our Advisor will be entitled to 15.0 of the amount in excess of
such 6.0 per annum return, provided , that the amount paid to the Advisor will not exceed 10.0 of the aggregate return for such
year, and provided, further, that the annual subordinated performance fee will not be paid unless holders of our Common Shares
receive a return of their respective net investments. From our inception through December 31, 2022, no annual subordinated performance
fees were incurred. 

We
have various agreements with the Sponsor, Advisor and their affiliates to pay certain fees and reimburse certain costs incurred for services
performed by these entities. Additionally, our ability to secure financing and our real estate operations are dependent upon these entities
to perform such services as provided in these agreements. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owed these entities an aggregate
of 0.3 million, respectively, which was principally for asset management fees, non-interest bearing, due on demand and are classified
as due to related parties on the consolidated balance sheets. 

39 

The
following table represents the fees incurred associated with the payments to the Advisor for the period indicated: 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Finance fees (1) (2) 
 - 
 345 
 
 Asset management fees (general and administrative costs) 
 1,207 
 1,205 
 
 Total 
 1,207 
 1,550 

(1) A
finance fee of 144 paid to the Advisor in connection with arranging the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s construction
loan was capitalized and included in investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entities on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

(2) An
aggregate finance fee of 201 paid to the Advisor in connection with arranging the Home2
Suites Tukwila Loan and the Home2 Suites Salt Lake City was
capitalized and included in mortgages payable, net on the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying
value of the corresponding loan. 

Special
Limited Partner 

In
connection with our Offering, which terminated on March 31, 2017, Lightstone SLP III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
 Special Limited Partner ), purchased from the Operating Partnership an aggregate of 242 Subordinated Participation Interests
for consideration of 12.1 million. The Subordinated Participation Interests were each purchased for 50,000 in consideration and may
be entitled to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

As
the majority owner of the Special Limited Partner, Mr. Lichtenstein is the beneficial owner of a 99 interest in such Subordinated Participation
Interests and will thus receive an indirect benefit from any distributions made in respect thereof. 

These
Subordinated Participation Interests entitle the Special Limited Partner to a portion of any regular and liquidation distributions that
we make to stockholders, but only after stockholders have received a stated preferred return. From our inception through December 31,
2022, no distributions have been declared or paid on the Subordinated Participation Interests. 

Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture 

On
March 27, 2018, we and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone REIT II ), a REIT also sponsored by our Sponsor
and a related party, acquired, through the newly formed Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture the Hilton Garden Inn Long
Island City from an unrelated third party for aggregate consideration of 60.0 million, which consisted of 25.0 million of cash and
 35.0 million of proceeds from a five-year term, non-recourse mortgage loan from a financial institution (the Hilton Garden Inn
Mortgage ), excluding closing and other related transaction costs. We paid 12.9 million for a 50.0 membership interest in the
Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

The
Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage bore interest at LIBOR plus 3.15 , subject to a 5.03 floor, initially provided for monthly interest-only
payments for the first 30 months of its term with principal and interest payments pursuant to a 25-year amortization schedule thereafter,
and the remaining unpaid balance due in full at its maturity on March 27, 2023. The Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage is collateralized
by the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City. 

We
and Lightstone II each have a 50.0 co-managing membership interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. We account for our membership
interest in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting because we exert significant influence
over but do not control the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Hilton
Garden Inn Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions
in excess of earnings from the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn
Joint Venture s operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of profit/loss and cash distributions beginning
as of March 27, 2018 with respect to our membership interest of 50.0 in the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture. 

40 

In
light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operating results of the Hilton Garden Inn Long Island City, the Hilton Garden
Inn Joint Venture previously entered into certain amendments with respect to the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage as discussed below. 

On
June 2, 2020, the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage was amended to provide for (i) the deferral of the six monthly debt service payments
aggregating 0.9 million for the period from April 1, 2020 through September 30, 2020 until March 27, 2023; (ii) a 100
bps reduction in the interest rate spread to LIBOR plus 2.15 , subject to a 4.03 floor, for the six-month period from September 1,
2020 through February 28, 2021; (iii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture pre-funding 1.2 million into a cash collateral reserve
account to cover the six monthly debt service payments due from October 1, 2020 through March 1, 2021; and (iv) waiver of all
financial covenants for quarter-end periods before June 30, 2021. 

Additionally,
on April 7, 2021, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender further amended the terms of the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage
to provide for (i) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture to make a principal paydown of 1.7 million; (ii) the Hilton Garden Inn Joint
Venture to fund an additional 0.7 million into the cash collateral reserve account; (iii) a waiver of all financial covenants for quarter-end
periods through September 30, 2021 with a phased-in gradual return to the full financial covenant requirements over the quarter-end
periods beginning December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022; (iv) an 11-month interest-only payment period from May 1,
2021 through March 31, 2022; and (v) certain restrictions on distributions to the members of the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture
during the interest-only payment period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture was in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Subsequent
to the acquisition of our 50.0 membership interest in the Hilton Garden Joint Venture through December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate
of 2.8 million of additional capital contributions (all of which was made prior to 2022) and received aggregate distributions of 4.0
million (of which 2.0 million was received in 2022). 

On
March 27, 2023, the Hilton Garden Inn Joint Venture and the lender amended the Hilton Garden Inn Mortgage to extend the maturity date
for 90 days, through June 25, 2023, to provide additional time to finalize the terms of a long-term extension. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

On
August 5, 2021, we formed a joint venture with Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ), a REIT also
sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, pursuant to which we acquired 25 of Lightstone REIT IV s membership interest in
the Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, which effective on that date became the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, for aggregate consideration
of 7.9 million. Subsequent to our acquisition, we have made aggregate net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture of 4.3 million through December 31, 2022 (of which 0.2 million was made during the year ended December 31, 2022). 

In
July 2019, Lightstone REIT IV, through its then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, previously acquired four adjacent
parcels of land located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, from unrelated
third parties, for the development of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
a result, we and Lightstone REIT IV have 25 and 75 membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture.
We have determined that the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a variable interest entity and we are not the primary beneficiary,
as it was determined that REIT IV is the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we account for our membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method because we exert significant influence over but do not control the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. All capital contributions and distributions of earnings from the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are
made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from
the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s
operating agreement. 

41 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Williamsburg Moxy Developer pursuant to which the Williamsburg Moxy Developer is
being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs, as defined in the Development Agreement, incurred in connection with
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. Additionally on August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint
Venture obtained construction financing for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as discussed below. Additionally, the Advisor and its affiliates
are reimbursed for certain development and development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate
of 114.6 million (including cumulative capitalized interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable
to the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6.6 million
and 1.7 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to construction in progress. 

In
preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
incurred pre-opening costs of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021
period. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

Moxy
Construction Loan 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to 77.0 million
(the Moxy Construction Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options,
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Moxy Construction Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 9.00 , subject to a 9.50 
floor, with monthly interest-only payments based on a rate of 7.50 and the excess added
to the outstanding loan balance due at maturity. LIBOR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. Additionally,
the Moxy Construction Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate based on SOFR in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30,
2023. The Moxy Construction Loan is collateralized by the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was 65.6 million (including 1.7
million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 2.0 million and 18.6 million (including
 0.1 million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 3.7 million, respectively,
on the condensed balance sheets and is classified as loans payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability under
the facility was up to 11.4 million and its interest rate was 13.39 . 

In
connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost
guarantees. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid 3.7 million of
loan fees and expenses and accrued 0.8 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included in other
liabilities on the condensed balance sheets as of both and December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

See
Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our
independent public accounting firm is EisnerAmper LLP, Iselin, New Jersey, Auditor ID 274. 

42 

Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed to us for the years presented by our principal accounting firm: 

(amounts
 in thousands) 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Audit Fees (a) 
 242 
 213 
 
 Tax Fees (b) 
 87 
 83 

Total Fees 
 329 
 296 

(a) Fees
for audit services consisted of the audit of the Lightstone REIT III s annual financial statements and interim reviews,
including services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and including registration statements
and consents. 

(b) Fees
for tax services. 

In
considering the nature of the services provided by the independent auditor, the audit committee determined that such services are compatible
with the provision of independent audit services. The audit committee discussed these services with the independent auditor and Lightstone
REIT III management to determine that they are permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission to implement the related requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE REPORT 

To
the Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc.: 

We
have reviewed and discussed with management Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. s audited financial statements as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
have discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16, Communication with
Audit Committees, as amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

We
have received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence and have discussed with the auditors the
auditors independence. 

Based
on the reviews and discussions referred to above, we recommend to the board of directors that the financial statements referred to above
be included in Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Audit
Committee 

 George
R. Whittemore 

 Yehuda
 Judah L. Angster 

43 

INDEPENDENT
DIRECTORS REPORT 

To
the Stockholders of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc.: 

We
have reviewed the Company s policies and determined that they are in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. Set
forth below is a discussion of the basis for that determination. 

General 

The
Company has and expects to continue to primarily invest in full-service or limited-service hotels, including extended-stay hotels. Even
though the Company has and expects to continue primarily to invest in hotels, it has and may continue to invest in other types of real
estate. 

Assets
other than hotels may include, without limitation, office buildings, shopping centers, business and industrial parks, manufacturing facilities,
single-tenant properties, multifamily properties, student housing properties, warehouses and distribution facilities and medical office
properties. The Company has and expects to continue to invest mainly in direct real estate investments and other equity interests; however,
it may also invest in debt interests, which may include bridge or mezzanine loans, including in furtherance of a loan-to-own strategy.
The Company has not established any limits on the percentage of its portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which
present differing levels of risk. 

Financing
Policies 

The
Company has and expects to continue to utilize leverage for its properties. The number of different properties the Company may acquire
will be affected by numerous factors, including, the amount of funds available to it. When interest rates on mortgage loans are high
or financing is otherwise unavailable on terms that are satisfactory to the Company, the Company may purchase certain properties for
cash with the intention of obtaining a mortgage loan for a portion of the purchase price at a later time. There is no limitation on the
amount the Company may invest in any single property or on the amount the Company can borrow for the purchase of any property. 

The
Company has and expects to continue to limit its aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of
all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to the Company s
stockholders. The Company may also incur short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. By operating on a leveraged
basis, the Company may have more funds available for investment in properties. This may allow the Company to make more investments than
would otherwise be possible, resulting in a more diversified portfolio. Although the Company s liability for the repayment of indebtedness
is expected to be limited to the value of the property securing the liability and the rents or profits derived therefrom, the Company s
use of leveraging increases the risk of default on the mortgage payments and a resulting foreclosure of a particular property. To the
extent that the Company does not obtain mortgage loans on the Company s properties, the Company s ability to acquire additional
properties will be restricted. The Company will endeavor to obtain financing on the most favorable terms available. 

Policy
on Sale or Disposition of Properties 

The
Company s Board will determine whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of after considering the relevant
factors, including performance or projected performance of the property and market conditions, with a view toward achieving its principal
investment objectives. 

44 

The
Company currently intends to hold its properties until its investment objectives are met or it is likely they will not be met. At a future
date, the Company s Board may decide to liquidate the Company, list its shares on a national stock exchange, sell its properties
individually or merge or otherwise consolidate the Company with a publicly-traded REIT. Alternatively, the Company may merge with, or
otherwise be acquired by, the Sponsor or its affiliates. The Company may, however, sell properties prior to such time and if so, may
invest the proceeds from any sale, financing, refinancing or other disposition of its properties into additional properties. Alternatively,
the Company may use these proceeds to fund maintenance or repair of existing properties or to increase reserves for such purposes. The
Company may choose to reinvest the proceeds from the sale, financing and refinancing of its properties to increase its real estate assets
and its net income. Notwithstanding this policy, the Board, in its discretion, may distribute all or part of the proceeds from the sale,
financing, refinancing or other disposition of all or any of the Company s properties to the Company s stockholders. In determining
whether to distribute these proceeds to stockholders, the Board will consider, among other factors, the desirability of properties available
for purchase, real estate market conditions, the likelihood of the listing of the Company s shares on a national securities exchange
and compliance with the applicable requirements under federal income tax laws. 

When
the Company sells a property, it intends to obtain an all-cash sale price. However, the Company may take a purchase money obligation
secured by a mortgage on the property as partial payment, and there are no limitations or restrictions on the Company s ability
to take such purchase money obligations. The terms of payment to the Company will be affected by customs in the area in which the property
being sold is located and the then prevailing economic conditions. If the Company receives notes and other property instead of cash from
sales, these proceeds, other than any interest payable on these proceeds, will not be available for distributions until and to the extent
the notes or other property are actually paid, sold, refinanced or otherwise disposed. Therefore, the distribution of the proceeds of
a sale to the stockholders may be delayed until that time. In these cases, the Company will receive payments in cash and other property
in the year of sale in an amount less than the selling price and subsequent payments will be spread over a number of years. 

Independent
Directors 

 George
R. Whittemore 
Yehuda Judah L. Angster 

45 

PART
IV. 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. 

 Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference, as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (and are numbered in accordance
with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

EXHIBIT
 NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION

3.1 (1) 
 
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. 

3.2 (2) 
 
 Bylaws of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. 

4.1 (3) 
 
 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP 

4.2 (3) 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Program, included as Appendix C to prospectus 

4.3 (6) 
 
 Description of Shares 

4.4 (4) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement between Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP and Lightstone SLP III LLC 

10.1 (3) 
 
 Advisory Agreement by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP and Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC 

10.2 (3) 
 
 Property Management Agreement by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP and Beacon Property 

10.3 (3) 
 
 Property Management Agreement by and among Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc., Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP and Paragon Retail Property Management LLC 

10.4 (5) 
 
 Contribution Agreement Termination between Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP and Lightstone SLP III LLC 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3 

Certification Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 XBRL
(eXtensible Business Reporting Language).The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance
Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (4) Consolidated Statements of
Stockholders Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (6) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement. 

As
 filed herewith 

(1) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2023. 

(2) 
 Included
 as Exhibit 3.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Reg. No. 333-195292) submitted confidentially to the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on April 24, 2013. 

(3) 
 Included
 as an exhibit to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Reg. No. 333-195292) filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on September 11, 2015. 

(4) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5, 2017. 

(6) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT III, INC. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 CAPACITY 
 
 DATE 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Seth Molod 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and
 Treasurer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Seth Molod 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ George R. Whittemore 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 George R. Whittemore 

/s/ Yehuda Judah 
 L. Angster 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Yehuda Judah 
 L. Angster 

47 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 lightstonereit3_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Registrant 

Property
 Name 
 
 State
 Organization 

Lightstone
 Value Plus REIT III, LP 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Durham LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Durham Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Durham Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Des Moines LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Des Moines Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Des Moines Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Lansing LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Lansing Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 HMI Lansing Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Warwick LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Warwick Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 CY Warwick Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Salt Lake City LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Salt Lake City Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Salt Lake City Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Seattle LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Seattle Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 H2S Seattle Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 FFI Austin LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 FFI Austin Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 FFI Austin Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 SBS Austin LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 SBS Austin Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

LVP
 SBS Austin Holding Corp 
 
 Delaware 

LVP LIC Hotel
 JV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lightstonereit3_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certifications 

I,
David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lightstonereit3_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certifications 

I,
Seth Molod, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Seth Molod 

Seth Molod 

Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lightstonereit3_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein 

Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 lightstonereit3_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seth Molod, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:2016 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Seth Molod 

Seth Molod 

Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lvpb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lvpb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lvpb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lvpb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

