<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1265131_0001558370-23-001524.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39973426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>636137</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3631154</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17827822</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5067763</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>11359550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001524.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217163614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001524
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		162
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hilltop Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001265131
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				841477939
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31987
		FILM NUMBER:		23643242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6565 HILLCREST AVE.
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214.855.2177

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6565 HILLCREST AVE.
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFFORDABLE RESIDENTIAL COMMUNITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001524.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 hth-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The registrant has included these items on the cover page but, in accordance with Release No. 33-11126, is not completing the relevant check boxes as it is not yet required to have a policy under an applicable exchange listing standard. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. For the purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 stockholders are considered affiliates. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at February 16, 2023 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed or to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A, is incorporated herein by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA AND FORECASTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 27 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 50 Item 2. Properties 51 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 51 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 51 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 52 Item 6. [Reserved] 52 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 53 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 105 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 109 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 109 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 109 Item 9B. Other Information 110 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 110 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 111 Item 11. Executive Compensation 111 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 111 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 111 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 111 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 112 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 112 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA AND FORECAST S Market and industry data and other statistical information and forecasts used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report are based on independent industry publications, government publications and reports by market research firms or other published independent sources. We have not sought or obtained the approval or endorsement of the use of this third party information. Some data also is based on our good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, as well as independent sources. Forecasts are particularly likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references in this Annual Report to the Company, we, us, our or ours or similar words are to Hilltop Holdings Inc. and its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, references to Hilltop refer solely to Hilltop Holdings Inc., references to PCC refer to PlainsCapital Corporation (a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop), references to Securities Holdings refer to Hilltop Securities Holdings LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop), references to Hilltop Securities refer to Hilltop Securities Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Securities Holdings), references to Momentum Independent Network refer to Momentum Independent Network Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Securities Holdings), Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are collectively referred to as the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, references to the Bank refer to PlainsCapital Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary of PCC), references to FNB refer to First National Bank, references to SWS refer to the former SWS Group, Inc., references to PrimeLending refer to PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank) and its subsidiaries as a whole, references to NLC refer to National Lloyds Corporation (formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop) and its wholly owned subsidiaries. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT S This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Annual Report that address results or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future, and statements that are preceded by, followed by or include, words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, goal, intends, may, might, plan, probable, projects, seeks, should, target, view or would or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases, including such things as our business strategy, our financial condition, our revenue, our liquidity and sources of funding, market trends, operations and business, taxes, the impact of natural disasters or public health emergencies, such as the current global outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 ), information technology expenses, capital levels, mortgage servicing rights MSR assets, stock repurchases, dividend payments, expectations concerning mortgage loan origination volume, servicer advances and interest rate compression, expected levels of refinancing as a percentage of total loan origination volume, projected losses on mortgage loans originated, total expenses, the effects of government regulation applicable to our operations, the appropriateness of, and changes in, our allowance for credit losses and provision for (reversal of) credit losses, expected future benchmarks rates, anticipated investment yields, our expectations regarding accretion of discount on loans in future periods, the collectability of loans, cybersecurity incidents and the outcome of litigation are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If an event occurs, our business, business plan, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ include, among others: the credit risks of lending activities, including our ability to estimate credit losses and the allowance for credit losses, as well as the effects of changes in the level of, and trends in, loan delinquencies and write-offs; effectiveness of our data security controls in the face of cyber attacks; changes in general economic, market and business conditions in areas or markets where we compete, including changes in the price of crude oil; changes in the interest rate environment; risks associated with our concentration in real estate related loans; the effects of our indebtedness on our ability to manage our business successfully, including the restrictions imposed by the indenture governing our indebtedness; changes in state and federal laws, regulations or policies affecting one or more of our business segments, including responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in regulatory fees, deposit insurance premiums, 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 capital requirements and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act cost and availability of capital; changes in key management; competition in our banking, broker-dealer, and mortgage origination segments from other banks and financial institutions as well as investment banking and financial advisory firms, mortgage bankers, asset-based non-bank lenders and government agencies; legal and regulatory proceedings; risks associated with merger and acquisition integration; and our ability to use excess capital in an effective manner. 
 For a more detailed discussion of these and other factors that may affect our business and that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, herein. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning our business attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed in this Annual Report except to the extent required by federal securities laws. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business . General Hilltop Holdings Inc. is a diversified, Texas-based financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the Bank Holding Company Act ). Our primary line of business is to provide business and consumer banking services from offices located throughout Texas through the Bank. We also provide an array of financial products and services through our broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments. We endeavor to build and maintain a strong financial services company through organic growth as well as acquisitions, which we may make using available capital, excess liquidity and, if necessary or appropriate, additional equity or debt financing sources. The following includes additional details regarding the financial products and services provided by each of our two primary business units. PCC . PCC is a financial holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, traditional banking and wealth, investment and treasury management services primarily in Texas and residential mortgage loans throughout the United States. Securities Holdings . Securities Holdings is a holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, investment banking and other related financial services, including municipal advisory, sales, trading and underwriting of taxable and tax-exempt fixed income securities, clearing, securities lending, structured finance and retail brokerage services throughout the United States. At December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, we had total assets of 16.3 billion, total deposits of 11.3 billion, total loans, including loans held for sale, of 9.0 billion and stockholders equity of 2.1 billion. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol HTH. Our principal office is located at 6565 Hillcrest Avenue, Dallas, Texas 75205, and our telephone number at that location is (214) 855-2177. Our internet address is www.hilltop-holdings.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on our website, free of charge, at http://ir.hilltop-holdings.com/ under the tab Investor Relations - Filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The references to our website in this Annual Report are inactive textual references only. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The SEC maintains a public website, www.sec.gov, which includes information about and the filings of issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Business Segments Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), our business units are comprised of three reportable business segments organized primarily by the core products offered to the segments respective customers: banking, broker-dealer, and mortgage origination. These segments reflect the manner in which operations are managed and the criteria used by our chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer, to evaluate segment performance, develop strategy and allocate resources. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 The following graphic reflects our current business segments. On June 30, 2020, we completed the sale of all of the outstanding capital stock of NLC, which comprised the operations of the former insurance segment. As a result, insurance segment results have been presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements, and we no longer have an insurance segment. Corporate includes certain activities not allocated to specific business segments. These activities include holding company financing and investing activities, merchant banking investment opportunities, and management and administrative services to support the overall operations of the Company. Hilltop s merchant banking investment activities include the identification of attractive opportunities for capital deployment in companies engaged in non-financial activities through its merchant bank subsidiary, Hilltop Opportunity Partners LLC. For more financial information about each of our business segments, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, herein. See also Note 28 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Banking The banking segment includes the operations of the Bank, which, at December 31, 2022, had 13.4 billion in assets and total deposits of 11.3 billion. The primary sources of our deposits are residents and businesses located in Texas. At December 31, 2022, the Bank employed approximately 1,100 people. The table below sets forth a distribution of the banking segment s loans, classified by portfolio segment. The banking segment s loan portfolio included 2.1 billion in warehouse lines of credit extended to PrimeLending and its affiliated business arrangements ABAs ), of which 0.9 billion was drawn at December 31, 2022. Amounts advanced against the warehouse lines of credit are included in the table below, but are eliminated from net loans on our consolidated balance sheets. 

of Total Total Loans Loans Held Held for Investment for Investment Commercial real estate: Non-owner occupied 1,870,552 21.9 Owner occupied 1,375,321 16.1 Commercial and industrial 1,429,930 16.7 Mortgage warehouse lending 200,869 2.4 Construction and land development 980,896 11.5 1-4 family residential 1,767,099 20.7 Consumer 27,602 0.3 7,652,269 89.6 PrimeLending warehouse lines of credit 890,917 10.4 Total loans held for investment 8,543,186 100.0 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our lending policies seek to establish an asset portfolio that will provide a return on stockholders equity sufficient to maintain capital to assets ratios that meet or exceed established regulations. In support of that goal, we have designed our underwriting standards to determine: that our borrowers possess sound ethics and competently manage their affairs; that we know the source of the funds the borrower will use to repay the loan; that the purpose of the loan makes economic sense; and that we identify relevant risks of the loan and determine that the risks are acceptable. We implement our underwriting standards according to the facts and circumstances of each particular loan request, as discussed below. Business Banking . Our business banking customers primarily consist of real estate (including construction and land development), wholesale/retail trade, healthcare, institutions of higher education, agribusiness and energy companies. We provide these customers with extensive banking services, such as online banking, business check cards and other add-on services as determined on a customer-by-customer basis. Our treasury management services, which are designed to reduce the time, burden and expense of collecting, transferring, disbursing and reporting cash, are also available to our business customers. We offer our business banking customers term loans, commercial real estate loans, lines of credit, equipment loans, letters of credit, agricultural loans and other lending products. Commercial and industrial loans are primarily made within Texas and are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service the debt from cash flow from an operating business. In general, commercial and industrial loans involve more credit risk than residential and commercial real estate loans and, therefore, usually yield a higher return. The increased risk in commercial and industrial loans results primarily from the type of collateral securing these loans, which typically includes accounts receivable, equipment and inventory. Additionally, increased risk arises from the expectation that commercial and industrial loans generally will be serviced principally from operating cash flow of the business, and such cash flows are dependent upon successful business operations. Historical trends have shown these types of loans to have higher delinquencies than mortgage loans. As a result of the additional risk and complexity associated with commercial and industrial loans, such loans require more thorough underwriting and servicing than loans to individuals. To manage these risks, our policy is to attempt to secure commercial and industrial loans with both the assets of the borrowing business and other additional collateral and guarantees that may be available. In addition, depending on the size of the credit, we actively monitor the financial condition of the borrower by analyzing the borrower s financial statements and assessing certain financial measures, including cash flow, collateral value and other appropriate credit factors. We also have processes in place to analyze and evaluate on a regular basis our exposure to industries, products, market changes and economic trends. The Bank offers term financing on commercial real estate that includes retail, office, multi-family, industrial and warehouse properties. Commercial mortgage lending can involve high principal loan amounts, and the repayment of these loans is dependent, in large part, on a borrower s ongoing business operations or on income generated from the properties that are leased to third parties. Accordingly, we apply the measures described above for commercial and industrial loans to our commercial real estate lending, with increased emphasis on analysis of collateral values. As a general practice, the Bank requires its commercial mortgage loans to (i) be secured with first lien positions on the underlying property, (ii) maintain adequate equity margins, (iii) be serviced by businesses operated by an established management team and (iv) be guaranteed by the principals of the borrower. The Bank seeks lending opportunities where cash flow from the collateral provides adequate debt service coverage and/or the guarantor s net worth is comprised of assets other than the project being financed. The Bank s mortgage warehouse lending activities consist of asset-based lending in which the Bank provides short-term, revolving lines of credit to independent mortgage bankers IMBs ). IMBs are generally small businesses, with mortgage loan origination and servicing as their sole or primary business. IMBs use the funds from their lines of credit to provide home loans to prospective and existing homeowners. When the IMBs subsequently sell the loans to institutional investors in the secondary market typically within 30 days of closing the transaction the proceeds from the sale are used to pay down and therefore replenish their lines of credit. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The Bank also offers construction financing for commercial, retail, office, industrial, warehouse, single-family and multi-family developments. Construction loans involve additional risks because loan funds are advanced upon the security of a project under construction, and the project is of uncertain value prior to its completion. If the Bank is forced to foreclose on a project prior to completion, it may not be able to recover the entire unpaid portion of the loan. Additionally, the Bank may be required to fund additional amounts to complete a project and may have to hold the property for an indeterminate period of time. Because of uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, the market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation on real property, it can be difficult to accurately evaluate the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. As a result of these uncertainties, construction lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project rather than the ability of a borrower or guarantor to repay the loan. The Bank generally requires that the subject property of a construction loan for commercial real estate be pre-leased because cash flows from the completed project provide the most reliable source of repayment for the loan. Loans to finance these projects are generally secured by first liens on the underlying real property. The Bank conducts periodic completion inspections, either directly or through an agent, prior to approval of periodic draws on these loans. In addition to the real estate lending activities described above, a portion of the Bank s real estate portfolio consists of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans typically collateralized by owner occupied properties. These residential mortgage loans are generally secured by a first lien on the underlying property and have maturities up to 30 years. These loans are shown in the loans held for investment table above as 1-4 family residential. Personal Banking . The Bank offers a broad range of personal banking products and services for individuals. Similar to its business banking operations, the Bank also provides its personal banking customers with a variety of add-on features such as check cards, safe deposit boxes, online banking, bill pay, overdraft privilege services and access to automated teller machine (ATM) facilities throughout the United States. The Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts to its personal banking customers including savings, checking, interest-bearing checking, money market and certificates of deposit. The Bank loans to individuals for personal, family and household purposes, including lines of credit, home improvement loans, home equity loans, and loans for purchasing and carrying securities. Private Banking and Investment Management . The Bank s private banking team personally assists high net worth individuals and their families with their banking needs, including depository, credit, asset management, and trust and estate services. The Bank offers trust and asset management services in order to assist these customers in managing, and ultimately transferring, their wealth. The Bank provides personal trust, investment management and employee benefit plan administration services, including estate planning, management and administration, investment portfolio management and employee benefit account and individual retirement account services. Broker-Dealer The Hilltop Broker-Dealers include the operations of Hilltop Securities, a broker-dealer subsidiary registered with the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and a member of the NYSE, Momentum Independent Network, an introducing broker-dealer subsidiary that is also registered with the SEC and FINRA, and Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC. Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are both registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC as non-guaranteed introducing brokers and as members of the National Futures Association NFA ). Additionally, Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC, Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are investment advisers registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. At December 31, 2022, Hilltop Securities had total assets of 2.7 million and net capital of 261.7 million, which was 253.5 million in excess of its minimum net capital requirement of 8.2 million. At December 31, 2022, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers employed approximately 720 people and maintained 40 locations in 15 states. Our broker-dealer segment has four primary lines of business: (i) public finance services, (ii) structured finance, (iii) fixed income services, and (iv) wealth management, which includes retail, clearing services and securities lending. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 These lines of business and the respective services provided reflect the current manner in which the broker-dealer segment s operations are managed. Public Finance Services . The public finance services line of business assists public entities nationwide, including cities, counties, school districts, utility districts, tax increment zones, special districts, state agencies and other governmental entities, in originating, syndicating and distributing securities of municipalities and political subdivisions. In addition, the public finance services line of business provides specialized advisory and investment banking services for airports, convention centers, healthcare institutions, institutions of higher education, housing, industrial development agencies, toll road authorities, and public power and utility providers. Additionally, through its arbitrage rebate, treasury management and government investment pools management departments, the public finance services line of business provides state and local governments with advice and guidance with respect to arbitrage rebate compliance, portfolio management and local government investment pool administration. Structured Finance. The structured finance line of business provides advisory services and product expertise related to derivatives for U.S. Agency to-be-announced TBA and commodities. The business line participates in programs in which it issues forward purchase commitments of mortgage-backed securities to certain non-profit housing clients and sells TBA mortgage-backed securities. Additionally, this business line provides agricultural insurance through Hilltop Securities Insurance Agency Inc., formerly Southwest Insurance Agency, Inc., whereby we act as an agent in these transactions and retain no underwriting risk with regard to the sale of insurance products. Fixed Income Services . The fixed income services line of business specializes in sales, trading and underwriting of U.S. government and government agency bonds, corporate bonds, municipal bonds, mortgage-backed, asset-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities and structured products to support sales and other client activities. In addition, the fixed income services line of business provides asset and liability management advisory services to community banks. Wealth Management . The wealth management line of business is comprised of our retail, clearing services and securities lending groups. Retail . The retail group acts as a securities broker for retail investors in the purchase and sale of securities, options, and futures contracts that are traded on various exchanges or in the over-the-counter market through our employee-registered representatives or independent contractor arrangements. We extend margin credit on a secured basis to our retail customers in order to facilitate securities transactions. Through Hilltop Securities Insurance Agency Inc. we hold insurance licenses to facilitate the sale of insurance and annuity products by Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network advisors to retail clients. We act as an agent in these transactions and retain no underwriting risk related to these insurance and annuity products. In addition, through our investment management team, the retail group provides a number of advisory programs that offer advisors a wide array of products and services for their advisory businesses. In most cases, we charge commissions to our clients in accordance with an established commission schedule, subject to certain discounts based upon the client s level of business, the trade size and other relevant factors. The Momentum Independent Network advisors may also contract directly with third party carriers to sell specified insurance products to their customers. The commissions received from these third party carriers are paid directly to the advisor. At December 31, 2022, we employed 99 registered representatives in 19 retail brokerage offices and had contracts with 163 independent retail representatives for the administration of their securities business. Clearing Services . The clearing services group offers fully disclosed clearing services to FINRA- and SEC-registered member firms for trade execution and clearance as well as back office services such as record keeping, trade reporting, accounting, general back-office support, securities and margin lending, reorganization assistance and custody of securities. At December 31, 2022, we provided services to 111 financial organizations, including correspondent firms, correspondent broker-dealers, registered investment advisers, discount and full-service brokerage firms, and institutional firms. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Lending. The securities lending group performs activities that include borrowing and lending securities for other broker-dealers, lending institutions, and internal clearing and retail operations. These activities involve borrowing securities to cover short sales and to complete transactions in which clients have failed to deliver securities by the required settlement date, and lending securities to other broker-dealers for similar purposes. Mortgage Origination Our mortgage origination segment operates through a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, PrimeLending, which is a residential mortgage banker licensed to originate and close loans in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. PrimeLending primarily originates its mortgage loans through a retail channel, with limited lending through its ABAs. During 2022, funded loan volume through ABAs was approximately 10 of the mortgage origination segment s total loan volume. At December 31, 2022, our mortgage origination segment operated from over 245 locations in 44 states, originating 23.0 , 8.5 and 4.9 , respectively, of its mortgage loans (by dollar volume) from its Texas, California and Florida locations. The mortgage lending business is subject to variables that can impact loan origination volume, including seasonal and interest rate fluctuations. Historically, the mortgage origination segment has experienced increased loan origination volume from purchases of homes during the spring and summer months, when more people tend to move and buy or sell homes. An increase in mortgage interest rates tends to result in decreased loan origination volume from refinancings, while a decrease in mortgage interest rates tends to result in increased loan origination volume from refinancings. Changes in mortgage interest rates have historically had a lesser impact on home purchases volume than on refinancing volume. PrimeLending handles loan processing, underwriting and closings in-house. Mortgage loans originated by PrimeLending are funded through warehouse lines of credit maintained with the Bank. PrimeLending sells substantially all mortgage loans it originates to various investors in the secondary market. In addition, the mortgage origination segment originates loans on behalf of the Bank. PrimeLending s determination of whether to retain or release servicing on mortgage loans it sells is impacted by, among other things, changes in mortgage interest rates, and refinancing and market activity. Loan volumes to be originated on behalf of and retained by the banking segment are evaluated each quarter. Loans sold to and retained by the Bank during 2022, 2021 and 2020, were 532 million, 778 million, and 193 million, respectively. Loan volumes to be originated on behalf of and retained by the banking segment are expected to be impacted by, among other things, an ongoing review of the prevailing mortgage rates, balance sheet positioning at Hilltop and the banking segment s outlook for commercial loan growth. PrimeLending may, from time to time, manage its mortgage servicing rights MSR assets through different strategies, including varying the percentage of mortgage loans sold servicing released and opportunistically selling MSR assets. As mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market, PrimeLending pays down its warehouse lines of credit with the Bank. Loans sold are subject to certain standard indemnification provisions with investors, including the repurchase of loans sold and the repayment of sales proceeds to investors under certain conditions. Our mortgage lending underwriting strategy, driven in large measure by secondary market investor standards, seeks primarily to originate conforming loans. Our underwriting practices include: granting loans on a sound and collectible basis; obtaining a balance between maximum yield and minimum risk; ensuring that primary and secondary sources of repayment are adequate in relation to the amount of the loan; and ensuring that each loan is properly documented and, if appropriate, adequately insured. PrimeLending also acts as a primary servicer for loans originated prior to sale and loans sold with servicing retained. PrimeLending had a staff of approximately 1,927 people, including approximately 1,100 mortgage loan officers, as of December 31, 2022 that produced 12.7 billion in closed mortgage loan volume during 2022, 85.5 of which related to home purchases volume. PrimeLending offers a variety of loan products catering to the specific needs of borrowers seeking purchase or refinancing options, including 30-year and 15-year fixed rate conventional mortgages, adjustable rate mortgages, jumbo loans, new construction loans, and Federal Housing Administration FHA ), Veterans Affairs 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 VA ), and United States Department of Agriculture USDA loans. Mortgage loans originated by PrimeLending are secured by a first lien on the underlying property. PrimeLending does not currently originate subprime loans (which it defines to be conventional and government loans that (i) are ineligible for sale to the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA ), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC or Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ), or (ii) do not comply with approved investor-specific underwriting guidelines). Geographic Dispersion of our Businesses The Bank provides traditional banking and wealth, investment and treasury management services. The Bank has a presence in the large metropolitan markets in Texas and conducts substantially all of its banking operations in Texas. Our broker-dealer services are provided through Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network, which conduct business nationwide, with 65 of the broker-dealer segment s net revenues during 2022 generated through locations in Texas, California and Oklahoma. PrimeLending provides residential mortgage origination products and services from over 245 locations in 44 states. During 2022, an aggregate of 63 of PrimeLending s origination volume was concentrated in ten states, with 36 concentrated in Texas, California and Florida, collectively. Other than these ten states, none of the states in which PrimeLending operated during 2022 represented more than 3 of PrimeLending s origination volume. Employees and Human Capital Resources At December 31, 2022 we employed approximately 4,120 full-time employees and less than 50 part-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that we have good relations with our employees. We encourage and support the growth and development of our employees and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. Continual learning and career development are advanced through annual performance and development conversations with employees, internally developed training programs, customized corporate training engagements and seminars, conferences, and other training events employees are encouraged to attend in connection with their job duties. Our human capital objectives include attracting, training, motivating, rewarding and retaining our employees. The safety, health and wellness of our employees is a top priority. The COVID-19 pandemic led us to transition during the peak of the pandemic, over a short period of time, to a rotational work schedule allowing employees to effectively work from remote locations and ensure a safely-distanced working environment for employees performing customer-facing activities, at branches and operations centers. In 2021, we returned a majority of our employees to their respective office locations with limited exceptions due to the emergence of new variants of the virus and have since generally returned to pre-pandemic work arrangements with available hybrid options for designated roles. All employees are asked not to come to work when they experience signs or symptoms of a possible COVID-19 illness and have been provided paid time off to cover compensation during such absences. On an ongoing basis, we further promote the health and wellness of our employees by strongly encouraging work-life balance, offering flexible work schedules, and keeping the employee portion of healthcare premiums to a minimum. Employee retention helps us operate efficiently and achieve one of our business objectives, which is being a high-level service provider. We believe our commitment to our core values (integrity, collaboration, adaptability, respect and excellence) as well as actively prioritizing concern for our employees well-being, supporting our employees career goals, offering competitive wages and providing valuable fringe benefits aids in the retention of our top-performing employees. At December 31, 2022, approximately 32 of our current staff had been with us for ten years or more. We are committed to offering transparency into our business activities and providing our stakeholders with key data supporting our sustainability. For more information, see our current Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, and Sustainability Report, available on our website at https://hilltop-holdings.com/ under the tab Who We Are ESG 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Sustainability. The references to our website in this Annual Report are inactive textual references only. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Competition We face significant competition in the business segments in which we operate and the geographic markets we serve. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, lending limits and branch networks than we do, and offer a broader range of products and services. Our banking segment primarily competes with national, regional and community banks within the various markets where the Bank operates. The Bank also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, pension trusts, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, asset-based non-bank lenders, government agencies and certain other non-financial institutions. The ability to attract and retain skilled lending professionals is critical to our banking business. Competition for deposits and in providing lending products and services to consumers and businesses in our market area is intense and pricing is important. Competition for deposits and lending services is also increasing from internet-based competitors and fintech companies. Other factors encountered in competing for deposits are convenient office locations, interest rates and fee structures of products offered. Direct competition for deposits also comes from other commercial bank and thrift institutions, money market mutual funds and corporate and government securities that may offer more attractive rates than insured depository institutions are willing to pay. Competition for loans is based on factors such as interest rates, loan origination fees and the range of services offered by the provider. We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors through our commitment to personalized customer service and responsiveness to customer needs while providing a range of competitive loan and deposit products and other services. Within our broker-dealer segment, we face significant competition based on a number of factors, including price, perceived expertise, quality of advice, reputation, range of services and products, technology, innovation and local presence. Competition for recruiting and retaining securities traders, investment bankers, and other financial advisors is intense. Our broker-dealer business competes directly with numerous other financial advisory and investment banking firms, broker-dealers and banks, including large national and major regional firms and smaller niche companies, some of whom are not broker-dealers and, therefore, are not subject to the broker-dealer regulatory framework. Further, our broker-dealer segment competes with discount brokerage firms, including fintech startups, that do not offer equivalent services but offer discounted prices and certain free services. We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors through our commitment to personalized customer service and responsiveness to customer needs while providing a range of investment banking, advisory and other related financial brokerage services. Our competitors in the mortgage origination business include large financial institutions as well as independent mortgage banking companies, commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations and fintech companies. Our mortgage origination segment competes on a number of factors including customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, price, reputation, interest rates, closing process and duration, and loan origination fees. The ability to attract and retain skilled mortgage origination professionals is critical to our mortgage origination business. We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors through our commitment to personalized customer service and responsiveness to customer needs while providing a range of competitive mortgage loan products and services. Overall, competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase as technological advances have lowered the barriers to entry for financial technology companies, with consumers having the opportunity to select from a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including online checking, savings and brokerage accounts, online lending, online insurance underwriters, crowdfunding, digital wallets, and money transfer services. The ability of non-banking financial institutions to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has intensified competition. Because non-banking financial institutions are not subject to many of the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, they can often operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Government Supervision and Regulation General We are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state laws. The regulatory framework is intended primarily for the protection of customers and clients, and not for the protection of our stockholders or creditors. In many cases, the applicable regulatory authorities have broad enforcement power over bank holding companies, banks and their subsidiaries, including the power to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations of laws and regulations. The following discussion describes the material elements of the regulatory framework that applies to us and our subsidiaries. References in this Annual Report to applicable statutes and regulations are brief summaries thereof, do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such statutes and regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act, which significantly altered the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry, established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB and requires the CFPB and other federal agencies to implement many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Several aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act have affected our business, including, without limitation, capital requirements, mortgage regulation, restrictions on proprietary trading in securities, restrictions on investments in hedge funds and private equity funds (the Volcker Rule ), executive compensation restrictions, potential federal oversight of the insurance industry and disclosure and reporting requirements. In 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA became law, which included amendments to the Dodd-Frank Act and other statutes that provide the federal banking agencies with the ability to tailor various provisions of the banking laws and eased the regulatory burden imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to company-run stress testing, resolutions plans, the Volcker Rule, high volatility commercial real estate exposures, and real estate appraisals. Recent Regulatory Developments. New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed and/or adopted that contain wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships of financial institutions operating and doing business in the United States. Changes in leadership at various federal banking agencies, including the Federal Reserve, can also change the policy direction of these agencies. Certain of these recent proposals and changes are described below. The CARES Act, which became law on March 27, 2020, provided over 2 trillion to combat COVID-19 and stimulate the economy. The law had several provisions relevant to institutions, including the establishment of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP, a specialized low-interest forgivable loan program funded by the U.S. Treasury Department and administered through the SBA s 7(a) loan guaranty program to support businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AML 2020 Act was enacted as part of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. The AML 2020 Act is the most significant revision to the anti-money laundering laws since the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism of 2001, as amended (the USA PATRIOT Act ). The AML 2020 Act clarifies and streamlines the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, (the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering AML obligations in the following ways: requires U.S. entities and entities doing business in the United States to report into a national registry maintained by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN certain beneficial ownership information, subject to exceptions; modernizes the statutory definition of financial institution to include (i) entities that provide services involving value that substitutes for currency, which includes stored value and virtual currencies and (ii) any person engaged in the trade of antiquities, including an advisor, consultant or any other person who deals in the sale of antiquities; enhances penalties for Bank Secrecy Act and AML violations, including claw back of bonuses; increases AML whistleblower awards and expands whistleblower protections; requires the Secretary of the Treasury to establish and update every four years National AML Priorities, which are incorporated into the Bank Secrecy Act compliance programs at financial institutions subject to the Bank Secrecy Act; among other amendments. Implementing regulations concerning certain provisions of the AML 2020 Act have been proposed by FinCEN, but not all have been finalized. On September 29, 2022, FinCEN issued a final rule establishing a beneficial ownership information reporting requirement under the Corporate Transparency Act (CTA), which was passed as part of the AML 2020 Act. The rule, effective January 1, 2024, will require most corporations, limited liability companies, and other 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 entities created in or registered to do business in the United States to report information about their beneficial owners the persons who ultimately own or control the company, to FinCEN. Reporting companies created or registered before January 1, 2024, will have one year (until January 1, 2025) to file their initial reports, while reporting companies created or registered after January 1, 2024, will have 30 days after creation or registration to file their initial reports. Once the initial report has been filed, both existing and new reporting companies will have to file updates within 30 days of a change in their beneficial ownership information. Certain entities are excluded to the extent that they are not created by a filing with a secretary of state or similar office. The final rule also exempts 23 enumerated entities from the definition of a reporting company, including, but not limited to, governmental authorities, banks, depository institution holding companies, money services businesses, brokers or dealers in securities, accounting firms, certain large operating companies that meet certain employment and/or tax reporting criteria, and publicly traded companies that are issuers of securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or otherwise required to file supplementary and periodic information under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act . In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that it intends to cease compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR after 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to LIBOR. The Federal banking agencies issued a joint statement that imposed a deadline of December 31, 2021 for supervised institutions to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate and all remaining USD LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or lose representativeness immediately after June 30, 2023. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute. Corporate Hilltop is a legal entity separate and distinct from PCC and its other subsidiaries. On November 30, 2012, concurrent with the consummation of the acquisition of PlainsCapital Corporation (the PlainsCapital Merger ), Hilltop became a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ). Accordingly, it is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. The Dodd-Frank Act, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Bank Holding Company Act and other federal laws subject financial and bank holding companies to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. Changes of Control. Federal and state laws impose additional notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any investor that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of a regulated holding company, such as Hilltop. These laws include the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control Act. Among other things, these laws require regulatory filings by an investor that seeks to acquire direct or indirect control of a regulated holding company. The determination whether an investor controls a regulated holding company is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, an investor is deemed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 25 or more of any class of voting stock, and in certain other circumstances, an investor may be presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls less than 25 or more of any class of voting stock. Furthermore, these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent change of control transactions, including those that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable. Regulatory Restrictions on Dividends; Source of Strength . It is the policy of the Federal Reserve Board that bank holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. The policy provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the regulatory agencies to issue regulations requiring that all bank and savings and loan holding companies serve as a source 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress; however, no such proposed regulations have yet been published. Under Federal Reserve Board policy, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial strength to each of its banking subsidiaries and commit resources to their support. Such support may be required at times when, absent this Federal Reserve Board policy, a holding company may not be inclined to provide it. As discussed herein, a bank holding company, in certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations, could be required to guarantee the capital plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary. Scope of Permissible Activities . Under the Bank Holding Company Act, Hilltop and PCC generally may not acquire a direct or indirect interest in, or control of more than 5 of, the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or bank holding company. Additionally, the Bank Holding Company Act may prohibit Hilltop from engaging in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to, or performing services for, its subsidiaries, except that it may engage in, directly or indirectly, certain activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking or managing and controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In approving acquisitions or the addition of activities, the Federal Reserve Board considers, among other things, whether the acquisition or the additional activities can reasonably be expected to produce benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased competition, or gains in efficiency, that outweigh such possible adverse effects as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, effective March 11, 2000, eliminated the barriers to affiliations among banks, securities firms, insurance companies and other financial service providers and permits bank holding companies to become financial holding companies and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act defines financial in nature to include: securities underwriting; dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking activities; and activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. Prior to enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, regulatory approval was not required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that were financial in nature or incidental to activities that were financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a bank holding company may become a financial holding company by filing a declaration with the Federal Reserve Board if each of its subsidiary banks is well capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act prompt corrective action provisions, is well managed, and has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the CRA ). The Dodd-Frank Act underscores the criteria for becoming a financial holding company by amending the Bank Holding Company Act to require that bank holding companies be well capitalized and well managed in order to become financial holding companies. Hilltop became a financial holding company on December 1, 2012. Safe and Sound Banking Practices . Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve Board s Regulation Y, for example, generally requires a holding company to give the Federal Reserve Board prior notice of any redemption or repurchase of its equity securities, if the consideration to be paid, together with the consideration paid for any repurchases or redemptions in the preceding year, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. In addition, bank holding companies are required to consult with the Federal Reserve Board prior to making any redemption or repurchase, even within the foregoing parameters. The Federal Reserve Board may oppose the transaction if it believes that the transaction would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law or regulation. Depending upon the circumstances, the Federal Reserve Board could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve Board has broad authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries that represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or that constitute violations of laws or regulations, and can assess civil money penalties for certain activities conducted on a knowing or reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 2.20 million for each day the activity continues. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to require reports from and examine 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 bank holding companies and their subsidiaries, and to regulate functionally regulated subsidiaries of bank holding companies. Anti-tying Restrictions . Subject to various exceptions, bank holding companies and their affiliates are generally prohibited from tying the provision of certain services, such as extensions of credit, to certain other services offered by a bank holding company or its affiliates. Capital Adequacy Requirements and BASEL III . Hilltop and PlainsCapital, which includes the Bank and PrimeLending, are subject to capital adequacy requirements under the comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations known as Basel III . Basel III, which reformed the existing frameworks under which U.S. banking organizations historically operated, became effective January 1, 2015 and was fully phased in as of January 1, 2019. Basel III was developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and adopted by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ). The federal banking agencies risk-based capital and leverage ratios are minimum supervisory ratios generally applicable to banking organizations that meet certain specified criteria, assuming that they have the highest regulatory rating. Banking organizations not meeting these criteria are expected to operate with capital positions well above the minimum ratios. The federal bank regulatory agencies may set capital requirements for a particular banking organization that are higher than the minimum ratios when circumstances warrant. Federal Reserve Board guidelines also provide that banking organizations experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. Final rules published by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the OCC implemented the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other things, Basel III increased minimum capital requirements, introduced a new minimum leverage ratio and implemented a capital conservation buffer. The regulatory agencies carefully considered the potential impacts on all banking organizations, including community and regional banking organizations such as Hilltop and PlainsCapital, and sought to minimize the potential burden of these changes where consistent with applicable law and the agencies goals of establishing a robust and comprehensive capital framework. Under the guidelines in effect beginning January 1, 2015, a risk weight factor of 0 to 1250 is assigned to each category of assets based generally on the perceived credit risk of the asset class. The risk weights are then multiplied by the corresponding asset balances to determine a risk-weighted asset base. Under Basel III, total capital consists of two tiers of capital, Tier 1 and Tier 2. Tier 1 capital consists of common equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. Below is a list of certain significant components that comprise the tiers of capital for Hilltop and PlainsCapital under Basel III. Common equity Tier 1 capital: includes common stockholders equity (such as qualifying common stock and any related surplus, undivided profits, disclosed capital reserves that represent a segregation of undivided profits and foreign currency translation adjustments, excluding changes in other comprehensive income (loss) and treasury stock); includes certain minority interests in the equity capital accounts of consolidated subsidiaries; and excludes goodwill and various intangible assets. 
 Additional Tier 1 capital: includes certain qualifying minority interests not included in common equity Tier 1 capital; includes certain preferred stock and related surplus; includes certain subordinated debt; and 
 excludes 50 of the insurance underwriting deduction. 
 Tier 2 capital: includes allowance for credit losses, up to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 includes minority interests not included in Tier 1 capital; and excludes 50 of the insurance underwriting deduction. 
 The following table summarizes the Basel III requirements. 

Item Requirement Minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 4.5 Common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer 2.5 Minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio plus capital conservation buffer 7.0 Minimum Tier 1 capital ratio 6.0 Minimum Tier 1 capital ratio plus capital conservation buffer 8.5 Minimum total capital ratio 8.0 Minimum total capital ratio plus capital conservation buffer 10.5 In order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, stock repurchases and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Basel III also implemented a capital conservation buffer, which requires a banking organization to hold a buffer above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer helps to ensure that banking organizations conserve capital when it is most needed, allowing them to better weather periods of economic stress. The buffer is measured relative to risk-weighted assets. The rules also prohibit a banking organization from making distributions or discretionary bonus payments during any quarter if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 at the beginning of the quarter. A banking organization with a buffer greater than 2.5 would not be subject to limits on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments; however, a banking organization with a buffer of less than 2.5 would be subject to increasingly stringent limitations as the buffer approaches zero. The eligible retained income of a banking organization is defined as its net income for the four calendar quarters preceding the current calendar quarter, based on the organization s quarterly regulatory reports, net of any distributions and associated tax effects not already reflected in net income. When the rules were fully phased-in in 2019, the minimum capital requirements plus the capital conservation buffer should have exceeded the prompt corrective action well-capitalized thresholds. During 2022, our eligible retained income was positive and our capital conservation buffer was greater than 2.5 , and therefore, we were not subject to limits on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments. We anticipate similar results during 2023. At December 31, 2022, Hilltop had a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 20.98 , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 18.23 and a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 18.23 . Hilltop s actual capital amounts and ratios in accordance with Basel III exceeded the regulatory capital requirements including conservation buffer in effect at the end of the period. At December 31, 2022, PlainsCapital had a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 15.91 , Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 14.98 and a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 14.98 . Accordingly, PlainsCapital s actual capital amounts and ratios in accordance with Basel III resulted in it being considered well-capitalized and exceeded the regulatory capital requirements including conservation buffer in effect at the end of the period. Phase-in of Current Expected Credit Losses Accounting Standard. In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued an update to the accounting standards for credit losses that included the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL methodology, which replaces the existing incurred loss methodology for certain financial assets. CECL became effective January 1, 2020. In December 2018, the federal bank regulatory agencies approved a final rule modifying their regulatory capital rules and providing an option to phase-in, over a period of three years, the day-one regulatory capital effects resulting from the implementation of CECL. The final rule also revises the agencies other rules to reflect the update to the accounting standards. In March 2020, in connection with the economic uncertainties associated with the effects of COVID-19, the agencies issued an additional transition option that permitted banking 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 institutions to mitigate the estimated cumulative regulatory capital effects from CECL over a five-year transitionary period. We elected to exercise this option for phase-in. Volcker Rule . Provisions of the Volcker Rule and the final rules implementing the Volcker Rule restrict certain activities provided by the Company, including proprietary trading and sponsoring or investing in covered funds, which include many venture capital, private equity and hedge funds. For purposes of the Volcker Rule, purchases or sales of financial instruments such as securities, derivatives, contracts of sale of commodities for future delivery or options on the foregoing for the purpose of short-term gain are deemed to be proprietary trading (with financial instruments held for less than 60 days presumed to be for proprietary trading unless an alternative purpose can be demonstrated), unless certain exemptions apply. Exempted activities include, among others, the following: (i) underwriting; (ii) market making; (iii) risk mitigating hedging; (iv) trading in certain government securities; (v) employee compensation plans and (vi) transactions entered into on behalf of and for the account of clients as agent, broker, custodian, or in a trustee or fiduciary capacity. On November 14, 2019, the federal banking agencies, among other agencies, published a separate final rule to provide greater clarity and certainty about the activities prohibited by the Volcker Rule and to improve supervision and implementation of the Volcker Rule based on the agencies experience implementing these provisions since 2013. Compliance with the final rule began January 1, 2021, however, banking entities were allowed to voluntarily comply with the final rule in whole or in part prior to the compliance date, subject to the agencies completion of necessary technological changes. In July 2020, the federal banking agencies published a final rule to streamline and improve the covered funds provisions of the Volcker Rule by making the following changes: permitting the activities of qualifying foreign excluded funds; revising the exclusions from the definition of covered fund for foreign public funds, loan securitizations, public welfare investments and small business investment companies; creating new exclusions from the definition of covered fund for credit funds, qualifying venture capital funds, family wealth management vehicles, and customer facilitation vehicles; permitting certain transactions that could otherwise be prohibited under affiliate transaction restrictions unique to the Volcker Rule; modifying the definition of ownership interest and providing that certain investments made in parallel with a covered fund, as well as certain restricted profit interests held by an employee or director, need not be included in a banking entity s calculation of its ownership interest in the covered fund. While management continues to assess compliance with the Volcker Rule, we have reviewed our processes and procedures in regard to proprietary trading and covered funds activities and we believe we are currently complying with the provisions of the Volcker Rule. However, it remains uncertain how the scope of applicable restrictions and exceptions will be interpreted and administered by the relevant regulators. Absent further regulatory guidance, we are required to make certain assumptions as to the degree to which our activities, processes and procedures in these areas comply with the requirements of the Volcker Rule. If these assumptions are not accurate or if our implementation of compliance processes and procedures is not consistent with regulatory expectations, we may be required to make certain changes to our business activities, processes or procedures, which could further increase our compliance and regulatory risks and costs. Acquisitions by Bank Holding Companies . The Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank, if after such acquisition it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank. In approving bank acquisitions by bank holding companies, the Federal Reserve Board is required to consider, among other things, the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding company and the banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, and various competitive factors. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the Federal Reserve Board to consider the risk to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system when evaluating acquisitions of banks and nonbanks under the Bank Holding Company Act. With respect to interstate acquisitions, the Dodd-Frank Act amends the Bank Holding Company Act by raising the standard by which interstate bank acquisitions are permitted from a standard that the acquiring bank holding company be adequately capitalized and adequately managed to the higher standard of being well capitalized and well managed . 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Control Acquisitions . The Change in Bank Control Act prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. As a general matter, an investor is deemed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 25 or more of any class of voting stock, and in certain other circumstances, an investor may be presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls less than 25 or more of any class of voting stock. Banking The Bank is subject to various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the United States, and to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Texas Department of Banking. The Bank, as a state member bank, is also subject to regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve Board. The Bank is subject to the supervisory and enforcement authority by the CFPB with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. The Bank is also an insured depository institution and, therefore, subject to regulation by the FDIC, although the Federal Reserve Board is the Bank s primary federal regulator. The Federal Reserve Board, the Texas Department of Banking, the CFPB and the FDIC have the power to enforce compliance with applicable banking statutes and regulations. Such requirements and restrictions include requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the nature and amount of loans that may be made and the interest that may be charged thereon and restrictions relating to investments and other activities of the Bank. Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates . Transactions between the Bank and its nonbanking affiliates, including Hilltop and PCC, are subject to Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act. In general, Section 23A imposes limits on the amount of such transactions, and also requires certain levels of collateral for loans to affiliated parties. It also limits the amount of advances to third parties that are collateralized by the securities or obligations of Hilltop or its subsidiaries. Among other changes, the Dodd-Frank Act expands the definition of covered transactions and clarifies the amount of time that the collateral requirements must be satisfied for covered transactions, and amends the definition of affiliate in Section 23A to include any investment fund with respect to which a member bank or an affiliate thereof is an investment adviser. Affiliate transactions are also subject to Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which generally requires that certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving other nonaffiliated persons. The Federal Reserve has also issued Regulation W, which codifies prior regulations under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and interpretive guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. Loans to Insiders. The restrictions on loans to directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and their related interests (collectively referred to herein as insiders contained in the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O apply to all insured institutions and their subsidiaries and holding companies. These restrictions include conditions that must be met before insider loans can be made, limits on loans to an individual insider and an aggregate limitation on all loans to insiders and their related interests. These loans cannot exceed the institution s total unimpaired capital and surplus, and the Federal Reserve Board may determine that a lesser amount is appropriate. Insiders are subject to enforcement actions for knowingly accepting loans in violation of applicable restrictions. The Dodd-Frank Act amends the statutes placing limitations on loans to insiders by including credit exposures to the person arising from a derivatives transaction, repurchase agreement, reverse repurchase agreement, securities lending transaction, or securities borrowing transaction between the member bank and the person within the definition of an extension of credit. Restrictions on Distribution of Subsidiary Bank Dividends and Assets. Dividends paid by the Bank have provided a substantial part of PCC s operating funds and for the foreseeable future it is anticipated that dividends paid by the Bank to PCC will continue to be PCC s and Hilltop s principal source of operating funds. Capital adequacy requirements serve to limit the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Bank. Pursuant to the Texas Finance Code, a Texas banking association may not pay a dividend that would reduce its outstanding capital and surplus unless it obtains the prior 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 approval of the Texas Banking Commissioner. Additionally, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board have the authority to prohibit Texas state banks from paying a dividend when they determine the dividend would be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank must also comply with the dividend restrictions with which a national bank would be required to comply. Those provisions are generally similar to those imposed by the state of Texas. Among other things, the federal restrictions require that if losses have at any time been sustained by a bank equal to or exceeding its undivided profits then on hand, no dividend may be paid. In the event of a liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors and other general or subordinated creditors are entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of holders of any obligation of the institution to its stockholders, including any depository institution holding company (such as PCC and Hilltop) or any stockholder or creditor thereof. Branching. The establishment of a bank branch must be approved by the Texas Department of Banking and the Federal Reserve Board, which consider a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate powers. The regulators will also consider the applicant s CRA record. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, de novo interstate branching by banks is permitted if, under the laws of the state where the branch is to be located, a state bank chartered in that state would be permitted to establish a branch. Prompt Corrective Action. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA establishes a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized financial institutions. Under this system, the federal banking regulators have established five capital categories well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized in which all institutions are placed. Federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, the banking regulator must appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. The federal banking agencies have specified by regulation the relevant capital level for each category. An institution that is categorized as undercapitalized , significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized is required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to its appropriate federal banking agency. A bank holding company must guarantee that a subsidiary depository institution meets its capital restoration plan, subject to various limitations. The controlling holding company s obligation to fund a capital restoration plan is limited to the lesser of 5 of an undercapitalized subsidiary s assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount required to meet regulatory capital requirements. An undercapitalized institution is also generally prohibited from increasing its average total assets, making acquisitions, establishing any branches or engaging in any new line of business, except under an accepted capital restoration plan or with FDIC approval. The regulations also establish procedures for downgrading an institution to a lower capital category based on supervisory factors other than capital. PlainsCapital was classified as well capitalized at December 31, 2022. Pursuant to FDICIA, an undercapitalized bank is prohibited from increasing its assets, engaging in a new line of business, acquiring any interest in any company or insured depository institution, or opening or acquiring a new branch office, except under certain circumstances, including the acceptance by the federal banking regulators of a capital restoration plan for the Bank. FDIC Insurance Assessments . The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system for insured depository institutions that takes into account the risks attributable to different categories and concentrations of assets and liabilities. The FDIC establishes an initial base deposit insurance assessment for banks with 10 billion or more in assets using a scorecard that is generally based on a supervisory evaluation that the institution s primary federal regulator provides to the FDIC and information that the FDIC determines to be relevant to the institution s financial condition and the risk posed to the deposit insurance fund. The FDIC may terminate its insurance of deposits if it finds that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The FDIC is required to maintain a designated reserve ratio of the deposit insurance fund DIF to insured deposits in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act required the FDIC to assess insured depository institutions to achieve a DIF ratio of at least 1.35 by September 30, 2020, which was accomplished on November 28, 2018. However, extraordinary growth in insured deposits in 2020 caused the DIF ratio to fall below 1.35 . Accordingly, on October 24, 2022, the FDIC published a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules by 2 basis points beginning the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (i.e., January 1 through March 31, 2023). The increase in assessment rate schedules will increase the likelihood that the DIF ratio will reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC will notify the Bank of the assessment rate that we will be charged for the assessment period. Accruals for DIF assessments were 3.9 million during 2022. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the standard maximum deposit insurance amount to 250,000. The FDIC insurance coverage limit applies per depositor, per insured depository institution for each account ownership category. Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA requires, in connection with examinations of financial institutions, that federal banking regulators (in the Bank s case, the Federal Reserve Board) evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of its local community, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. These facts are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could impose additional requirements and limitations on the Bank. Additionally, the Bank must publicly disclose the terms of various CRA-related agreements. On May 5, 2022, the Federal banking agencies released a notice of proposed rulemaking to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulations by updating how CRA activities qualify for consideration, where CRA activities are considered, and how CRA activities are evaluated. Management will monitor this proposed rule. The Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating in connection with its most recent CRA performance evaluation. A CRA rating of less than satisfactory adversely affects a bank s ability to establish new branches and impairs a bank s ability to commence new activities that are financial in nature or acquire companies engaged in these activities. See Risk Factors We are subject to extensive supervision and regulation that could restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business and limit our ability to generate income. Privacy. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, financial institutions are required to disclose their policies for collecting and protecting confidential information. Customers generally may prevent financial institutions from sharing nonpublic personal financial information with nonaffiliated third parties except under narrow circumstances, such as the processing of transactions requested by the consumer or when the financial institution is jointly sponsoring a product or service with a nonaffiliated third party. Additionally, financial institutions generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third party for use in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing to consumers. The Bank and all of its subsidiaries have established policies and procedures to comply with the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Federal Laws Applicable to Credit Transactions . The loan operations of the Bank are also subject to federal laws and implementing regulations applicable to credit transactions, such as the Truth-In-Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Federal Laws Applicable to Deposit Operations. The deposit operations of the Bank are subject to the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Truth in Savings Act and the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the CFPB to implement that act. The Dodd-Frank Act amends the Electronic Funds Transfer Act to, among other things, give the Federal Reserve Board the authority to establish rules regarding interchange fees charged for electronic debit transactions by payment card issuers having assets over 10 billion and to enforce a new statutory requirement that such fees be reasonable and proportional to the actual cost of a transaction to the issuer. Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve Board and the Texas Department of Banking monitor the capital adequacy of PlainsCapital by using a combination of risk-based guidelines and leverage ratios. The agencies consider 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 PlainsCapital s capital levels when taking action on various types of applications and when conducting supervisory activities related to the safety and soundness of individual banks and the banking system. On January 1, 2019, PlainsCapital fully transitioned to the final rules that substantially amended the regulatory risk-based capital rules to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms. For additional discussion of Basel III, see the section entitled Government Supervision and Regulation Corporate Capital Adequacy Requirements and Basel III earlier in this Item 1. On December 13, 2019, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC published a final rule modifying the treatment of high volatility commercial real estate HVCRE exposures as required by EGRRCPA. The final rule clarifies certain defined terms in the HVCRE exposure definition in a manner generally consistent with the call report instructions as well as the treatment of credit facilities that finance one- to four-family residential properties and the development of land. The final rule became effective on April 1, 2020. The FDIC Improvement Act . FDICIA made a number of reforms addressing the safety and soundness of the deposit insurance system, supervision of domestic and foreign depository institutions, and improvement of accounting standards. This statute also limited deposit insurance coverage, implemented changes in consumer protection laws and provided for least-cost resolution and prompt regulatory action with regard to troubled institutions. FDICIA requires every bank with total assets in excess of 500 million to have an annual independent audit made of the Bank s financial statements by a certified public accountant to verify that the financial statements of the Bank are presented in accordance with GAAP and comply with such other disclosure requirements as prescribed by the FDIC. Brokered Deposits . Under FDICIA, banks may be restricted in their ability to accept brokered deposits, depending on their capital classification. Well capitalized banks are permitted to accept brokered deposits, but banks that are not well capitalized are not permitted to accept such deposits. The FDIC may, on a case-by-case basis, permit banks that are adequately capitalized to accept brokered deposits if the FDIC determines that acceptance of such deposits would not constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice with respect to such bank. Pursuant to a provision in EGRRCPA, the FDIC published a final rule on February 4, 2019 excepting a capped amount of reciprocal deposits from being considered as brokered deposits for certain insured depository institutions. On December 15, 2020, the FDIC also approved a final rule intended to modernize the FDIC s framework for regulating brokered deposits and ensure the classification of a deposit appropriately reflects changes in the banking landscape. The final rule is also intended to modify the interest rate restrictions applicable to certain depository institutions and clarify the application of the brokered deposit requirements to non-maturity deposits. The final rule became effective on April 1, 2021, but full compliance was not required during a transitionary period ending January 1, 2022. Effective January 1, 2022, we continued to treat deposits swept to the Bank from the broker-dealer segment as non-brokered with the cost of these sweep deposits being based on a current market rate of interest rather than a per account fee. At December 31, 2022, PlainsCapital was well capitalized and therefore not subject to any limitations with respect to its brokered deposits. Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act . The Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act gives substitute checks, such as a digital image of a check and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check. Federal Home Loan Bank System . The Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB system, of which the Bank is a member, consists of regional FHLBs governed and regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Board. The FHLBs serve as reserve or credit facilities for member institutions within their assigned regions. The reserves are funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. The FHLBs make loans (i.e., advances) to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the FHLB and the boards of directors of each regional FHLB. As a system member, according to currently existing policies and procedures, the Bank is entitled to borrow from the FHLB of its respective region and is required to own a certain amount of capital stock in the FHLB. The Bank is in compliance with the stock ownership rules with respect to such advances, commitments and letters of credit and home mortgage loans and similar obligations. All loans, advances and other extensions of credit made by the FHLB to the 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Bank are secured by a portion of the respective mortgage loan portfolio, certain other investments and the capital stock of the FHLB held by the Bank. Anti-terrorism and Money Laundering Legislation . The Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act and rules and regulations of FinCEN and the Office of Foreign Assets Control. These statutes and related rules and regulations impose requirements and limitations on specific financial transactions and account relationships intended to guard against money laundering and terrorism financing. The Bank has established a customer identification program pursuant to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act, including obtaining beneficial ownership information on new legal entity customers and otherwise has implemented policies and procedures intended to comply with the foregoing rules until such time as FinCEN adopts final regulations implementing the Corporate Transparency Act, which is part of the AML 2020 Act. FinCEN issued a final rule, effective on January 1, 2024, imposing certain reporting requirements of beneficial ownership of certain business entities other than those entities not meeting, or excluded from, the definition of a reporting company. Incentive Compensation Guidance. On June 21, 2010, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Office of Thrift Supervision and the FDIC jointly issued comprehensive final guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Incentive Compensation Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk-management, control and governance processes. The Incentive Compensation Guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary principles: (i) balanced risk-taking incentives, (ii) compatibility with effective controls and risk management, and (iii) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. In addition, under the Incentive Compensation Guidance, a banking organization s federal regulator may initiate enforcement action if the organization s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. Broker-Dealer The Hilltop Broker-Dealers are broker-dealers registered with the SEC, FINRA, all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. Hilltop Securities is a member of various securities exchanges and is also registered in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers, however, has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations, principally FINRA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and national securities exchanges. These self-regulatory organizations adopt rules (which are subject to approval by the SEC) for governing its members and the industry. Broker-dealers are also subject to federal securities laws and SEC rules, as well as the laws and rules of the states in which a broker-dealer conducts business. While the SEC, the states, and the exchanges may conduct regulatory examinations, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers are members of, and are primarily subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by FINRA. The regulations to which broker-dealers are subject cover all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to, sales and trade practices, net capital requirements, record keeping and reporting procedures, relationships and conflicts with customers, the handling of cash and margin accounts, experience and training requirements for certain employees, the conduct of investment banking and research activities and the conduct of registered persons, directors, officers and employees. Broker-dealers are also subject to the privacy and anti-money laundering laws and regulations discussed herein. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC, securities exchanges, self-regulatory organizations or states or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules often directly affect the method of operation and profitability of broker-dealers. The SEC, securities exchanges, self-regulatory organizations and states may conduct administrative and enforcement proceedings that can result in censure, fine, profit disgorgement, monetary penalties, suspension, revocation of registration or expulsion of broker-dealers, their registered persons, officers or employees. The principal purpose of regulation and discipline of broker-dealers is the protection of customers and the securities markets rather than protection of creditors and stockholders of broker-dealers. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Businesses . The businesses that the Hilltop Broker-Dealers may conduct are limited by its agreements with, and its oversight by, FINRA, other regulatory authorities (including self-regulatory organizations) and federal and state law. Participation in new business lines, including trading of new products or participation on new exchanges or in new countries often requires governmental and/or exchange approvals, which may take significant time and resources. In addition, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers are operating subsidiaries of Hilltop, which means their activities are further limited by those that are permissible for financial holding companies and subsidiaries of financial holding companies, and as a result, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers and Hilltop may be prevented from entering new businesses that may be profitable in a timely manner, if at all. Net Capital Requirements . The SEC, FINRA and various other regulatory authorities have stringent rules and regulations with respect to the maintenance of specific levels of net capital by regulated entities. Rule 15c3-1 of the Exchange Act (the Net Capital Rule requires that a broker-dealer maintain minimum net capital. Generally, a broker-dealer s net capital is net worth plus qualified subordinated debt less deductions for non-allowable (or non-liquid) assets and other adjustments and operational charges. At December 31, 2022, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers were in compliance with applicable net capital requirements. The SEC, CFTC, FINRA and other regulatory organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined thresholds. These rules also dictate the ratio of debt-to-equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer, and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. If a broker-dealer fails to maintain the required net capital, it may be subject to censure, fine, monetary penalties and other regulatory sanctions, including suspension, revocation of registration or expulsion by the SEC or applicable regulatory authorities, and suspension, revocation or expulsion by these regulators could ultimately lead to the broker-dealer s liquidation. Additionally, the Net Capital Rule and certain FINRA rules impose requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to, and approval from, the SEC and FINRA for certain capital withdrawals. Compliance with the net capital requirements may limit our operations and require a greater use of capital. Such rules require that a certain percentage of our assets be maintained in relatively liquid form and therefore act to restrict our ability to withdraw capital from our broker-dealer entities, which in turn may limit our ability to pay dividends, repay debt or redeem or purchase shares of our outstanding common stock. Any change in such rules or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation or amount of capital requirements, or a significant operating loss or any unusually large charge against capital, could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends, repay debt, meet our debt covenant requirements or to expand or maintain our operations. In addition, such rules may require us to make substantial capital contributions into one or more of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers in order for such subsidiaries to comply with such rules, either in the form of cash or subordinated loans made in accordance with the requirements of all applicable net capital rules. Customer Protection Rule. The Hilltop Broker-Dealers that hold customers funds and securities are subject to the SEC s customer protection rule (Rule 15c3-3 under the Exchange Act), which generally provides that such broker-dealers maintain physical possession or control of all fully-paid securities and excess margin securities carried for the account of customers and maintain certain reserves of cash or qualified securities. Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC . The Hilltop Broker-Dealers are subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act and belong to SIPC, whose primary function is to provide financial protection for the customers of failing brokerage firms. SIPC provides protection for customers up to 500,000, of which a maximum of 250,000 may be in cash. Anti-Money Laundering . The Hilltop Broker-Dealers must also comply with anti-money laundering laws such as the USA PATRIOT Act and other related laws, rules and regulations discussed herein, including FINRA AML requirements, designed to fight international money laundering and to block terrorist access to the U.S. financial system. We are required to have systems and procedures to ensure compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 CFTC Oversight . Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are registered as introducing brokers with the CFTC and NFA. The CFTC also has net capital regulations (CFTC Rule 1.17) that must be satisfied. Our futures business is also regulated by the NFA, a registered futures association. Violation of the rules of the CFTC, the NFA or the commodity exchanges could result in remedial actions including fines, registration restrictions or terminations, trading prohibitions or revocations of commodity exchange memberships. Investment Advisory Activity . Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC, Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are registered with, and subject to oversight and inspection by, the SEC as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. The investment advisory business of our subsidiaries is subject to significant federal regulation, including with respect to wrap fee programs, the management of client accounts, the safeguarding of client assets, client fees and disclosures, transactions among affiliates and recordkeeping and reporting procedures. Legislation and changes in regulations promulgated by the SEC or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations often directly affect the method of operation and profitability of investment advisers. The SEC may conduct administrative and enforcement proceedings that can result in censure, fine, suspension, revocation of registration or expulsion of the investment advisory business of our subsidiaries, our officers or employees. Volcker Rule . Provisions of the Volcker Rule and the final rules implementing the Volcker Rule also restrict certain activities provided by the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, including proprietary trading and sponsoring or investing in covered funds. Regulation Best Interest Regulation BI and Form CRS Relationship Summary Form CRS ). Beginning June 2020, the best interest standard requires a broker-dealer to make recommendations of securities transactions, or investment strategies involving securities, to a retail customer without putting its financial interests ahead of the interests of a retail customer. Form CRS requires SEC-registered investment advisers RIAs and broker-dealers to deliver to retail investors a succinct, plain English summary about the relationship and services provided by the firm and the required standard of conduct associated with the relationship and services. Regulation BI heightens the standard of care for broker-dealers when making investment recommendations and imposes disclosure and policy and procedural obligations that could impact the compensation our wealth management line of business and its representatives receive for selling certain types of products, particularly those that offer different compensation across different share classes (such as mutual funds and variable annuities). In addition, Regulation BI prohibits a broker-dealer and its associated persons from using the term adviser or advisor if the broker-dealer is not an RIA or the associated person is not a supervised person of an RIA. Changing Regulatory Environment . The regulatory environment in which the Hilltop Broker-Dealers operate is subject to frequent change. Our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the U.S. Congress, the SEC, FINRA or other U.S. and state governmental and regulatory authorities. The business, financial condition and operating results of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental and regulatory authorities. In the current era of heightened regulation of financial institutions, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers can expect to incur increasing compliance costs, along with the industry as a whole. Mortgage Origination PrimeLending and the Bank are subject to the rules and regulations of the CFPB, FHA, VA, FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA with respect to originating, processing, selling and servicing mortgage loans and the issuance and sale of mortgage-backed securities. Those rules and regulations, among other things, prohibit discrimination and establish underwriting guidelines which include provisions for inspections and appraisals, require credit reports on prospective borrowers and fix maximum loan amounts, and, with respect to VA loans, fix maximum interest rates. Mortgage origination activities are subject to, among others, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Secure and Fair Enforcement of Mortgage Licensing Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder which, among other things, prohibit discrimination and require the disclosure of certain basic information to borrowers concerning credit terms and settlement costs. PrimeLending and the Bank are also subject to regulation by the Texas Department of Banking with respect to, among other things, the establishment of maximum origination fees on certain types of 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 mortgage loan products. PrimeLending and the Bank are also subject to the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB and provides mortgage reform provisions regarding a customer s ability to repay, restrictions on variable-rate lending, loan officers compensation, risk retention, and new disclosure requirements. The Dodd-Frank Act also clarifies that applicable state laws, rules and regulations related to the origination, processing, selling and servicing of mortgage loans continue to apply to PrimeLending. The final rules concerning mortgage origination and servicing address the following topics: Ability to Repay . This final rule requires that for residential mortgages, creditors must make a reasonable and good faith determination based on verified and documented information that the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. The final rule also establishes a presumption of compliance with the ability to repay determination for a certain category of mortgages called qualified mortgages meeting a series of detailed requirements. The final rule also provides a rebuttable presumption for higher-priced mortgage loans. On December 29, 2020, the CFPB published a final rule creating a new category of qualified mortgage, called a seasoned qualified mortgage, for first lien, fixed rate covered loans that meet certain performance requirements, are held in portfolio by the originating creditor or first purchaser for a 36-month period, comply with general restrictions on product features and points and fees, and meet certain underwriting requirements. As the result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CFPB approved a final rule on April 27, 2021 that delayed the mandatory compliance date for the General Qualified Mortgage final rule from July 1, 2021 to October 1, 2022 to ensure flexibility for consumers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. High-Cost Mortgage . This final rule strengthens consumer protections for high-cost mortgages (generally bans balloon payments and prepayment penalties, subject to exceptions and bans or limits certain fees and practices) and requires consumers to receive information about homeownership counseling prior to taking out a high-cost mortgage. Appraisals for High-Risk Mortgages . The final rule permits a creditor to extend a higher-priced (subprime) mortgage loan HPML only if the following conditions are met (subject to exceptions): (i) the creditor obtains a written appraisal; (ii) the appraisal is performed by a certified or licensed appraiser; and (iii) the appraiser conducts a physical property visit of the interior of the property. The rule also requires that during the application process, the applicant receives a notice regarding the appraisal process and their right to receive a free copy of the appraisal. Copies of Appraisals . This final rule requires a creditor to provide a free copy of appraisal or valuation reports prepared in connection with any closed-end loan secured by a first lien on a dwelling. The final rule requires notice to applicants of the right to receive copies of any appraisal or valuation reports and creditors must send copies of the reports whether or not the loan transaction is consummated. Creditors must provide the copies of the appraisal or evaluation reports for free, however, the creditors may charge reasonable fees for the cost of the appraisal or valuation unless applicable law provides otherwise. Escrow Requirements . This final rule requires a minimum duration of five years for an escrow account on certain higher-priced mortgage loans, subject to certain exemptions for loans made by certain creditors that operate predominantly in rural or underserved areas, as long as certain other criteria are met. Servicing . Two final rules, the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, protect consumers from detrimental actions by mortgage servicers and to provide consumers with better tools and information when dealing with mortgage servicers. The final rules include a number of exemptions and other adjustments for small servicers, defined as servicers that service 5,000 or fewer mortgage loans and service only mortgage loans that they or an affiliate originated or own. Mortgage Loan Originator Compensation . This final rule revises and clarifies existing regulations and commentary on loan originator compensation. The rule also prohibits, among other things: (i) certain arbitration agreements; (ii) financing certain credit insurance in connection with a mortgage loan; (iii) compensation based on a term of a transaction or a proxy for a term of a transaction; and (iv) dual compensation from a consumer and another person in connection with the transaction. The final rule also imposes a duty on individual loan officers, mortgage brokers and creditors to be qualified and, when applicable, registered or licensed to the extent required under applicable State and Federal law. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Risk Retention. This final rule requires that at least one sponsor of each securitization retains at least 5 of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing asset-backed securities. Sponsors are prohibited from hedging or transferring this credit risk, and the rule applies in both public and private transactions. Securitizations backed by qualified residential mortgages or servicing assets are exempt from the rule, and the definition of qualified residential mortgages is subject to review of the joint regulators every five years. Any additional regulatory requirements affecting our mortgage origination operations will result in increased compliance costs and may impact revenue. Item 1A. Risk Factors . The following discussion sets forth what management currently believes could be the material regulatory, market and economic, liquidity, legal and business and operational risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Other risks and uncertainties, including those not currently known to us, could also negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Thus, the following should not be considered a complete discussion of all of the risks and uncertainties we may face, and the order of their respective significance may change. Below is a summary of our risk factors with a more detailed discussion following. Our allowances for credit losses for loans and debt securities may prove inadequate or we may be negatively affected by credit risk exposures. Also, future additions to our allowance for credit losses will reduce our future earnings. Our operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in a loss of customer business, financial liability, regulatory penalties, damage to our reputation or the disclosure of confidential information. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by unpredictable economic, market and business conditions. Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings, capital levels and overall results. Our mortgage origination business is subject to fluctuations based upon seasonal and other factors and, as a result, our results of operations for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, and if we fail to keep pace, our business may suffer. We are heavily reliant on technology, and a failure to effectively implement new technological solutions or enhancements to existing systems or platforms could adversely affect our business operations and the financial results of our operations. Our geographic concentration may magnify the adverse effects and consequences of any regional or local economic downturn. An adverse change in real estate market values may result in losses in our banking segment and otherwise adversely affect our profitability. The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our risk management processes may not fully identify and mitigate exposure to the various risks that we face, including interest rate, credit, liquidity and market risk. Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our exposure to interest rate risk. Our bank lending, margin lending, stock lending, securities trading and execution and mortgage purchase businesses are all subject to credit risk. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on our computer and communications systems and an interruption in service would negatively affect our business. Climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. We are heavily dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries. Our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, including the Senior Notes (as defined below), and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful. A reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect us or the holders of our securities. The indenture governing the Senior Notes (as defined below) contains, and any instruments governing future indebtedness would likely contain, restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. We are subject to extensive supervision and regulation that could restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business and limit our ability to generate income. We may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. Our broker-dealer business is subject to various risks associated with the securities industry. Market fluctuations could adversely impact our broker-dealer business. Our investment advisory business may be affected if our investment products perform poorly. Our existing correspondents may choose to perform their own clearing services or move their clearing business to one of our competitors or exit the business. Several of our broker-dealer segment s product lines rely on favorable tax treatment and changes in federal tax law could impact the attractiveness of these products to our customers. Our mortgage origination segment is subject to investment risk on loans that it originates. The CFPB has issued ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage rules that may have a negative impact on our loan origination process and foreclosure proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Changes in interest rates may change the value of our mortgage servicing rights portfolio, which may increase the volatility of our earnings. If we fail to develop, implement and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting in future periods may be adversely affected. We ultimately may write-off goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from business combinations. The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if we are exposed to actual conditions different from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies. We are dependent on our management team, and the loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could impair our relationship with customers and adversely affect our business and financial results. We are subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts. Negative publicity regarding us, or financial institutions in general, could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and results of operations. We are subject to legal claims and litigation, including potential securities law liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to our Business Our allowances for credit losses for loans and debt securities may prove inadequate or we may be negatively affected by credit risk exposures. Also, future additions to our allowance for credit losses will reduce our future earnings. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that we could sustain losses because our borrowers may not repay their loans in accordance with the terms of their loans. We maintain allowances for credit losses for loans and debt securities to provide for defaults and nonperformance, which represent an estimate of expected losses over the remaining contractual lives of the loan and debt security portfolios. This estimate is the result of our continuing evaluation of specific credit risks and loss experience, current loan and debt security portfolio quality, present economic, political and regulatory conditions, industry concentrations, reasonable and supportable forecasts for future conditions and other factors that may indicate losses. The determination of the appropriate levels of the allowances for loan and debt security credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires us to make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Generally, our nonperforming loans and other real estate owned OREO reflect operating difficulties of individual borrowers and weaknesses in the economies of the markets we serve. Under the acquisition method of accounting requirements, we were required to estimate the fair value of the loan portfolios acquired in each of the PlainsCapital Merger, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC -assisted transaction (the FNB Transaction whereby the Bank acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of FNB, the acquisition of SWS Group, Inc. in a stock and cash transaction (the SWS Merger and the acquisition of The Bank of River Oaks BORO in an all-cash transaction BORO Acquisition , and collectively with the PlainsCapital Merger, FNB Transaction and the SWS Merger, the Bank Transactions as of the applicable acquisition date and write down the recorded value of each such acquired portfolio to the applicable estimate. For most loans, this process was accomplished by computing the net present value of estimated cash flows to be received from borrowers of such loans. The allowance for credit losses that had been maintained by PCC, FNB, SWS or BORO, as applicable, prior to their respective transactions, was eliminated in this accounting process. The estimates of fair value as of the consummation of each of the Bank Transactions were based on economic conditions at such time and on Bank management s projections concerning both future economic conditions and the ability of the borrowers to continue to repay their loans. If management s assumptions and projections prove to be incorrect, however, the estimate of fair value may be higher than the actual fair value and we may suffer losses in excess of those estimated. Further, the allowance for credit losses established for new loans may prove to be inadequate to cover actual losses, especially if economic conditions worsen. While Bank management endeavors to estimate the allowance to cover anticipated losses over the lives of our loan and debt security portfolios, no underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures that we could adopt to address credit risk could provide complete assurance that we will not incur unexpected losses. These losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, federal regulators periodically evaluate the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or recognize further loan charge-offs based on judgments different from those of Bank management. Any such increase in our provision for (reversal of) credit losses or additional loan charge-offs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in a loss of customer business, financial liability, regulatory penalties, damage to our reputation or the disclosure of confidential information. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business and maintain the security of confidential information and complex transactions, which subjects us to an increasing risk of cyber incidents from these activities due to a combination of new technologies and the increasing use of the Internet to conduct financial transactions, as well as a potential failure, interruption or breach in the security of these systems, including those that could result from attacks or planned changes, upgrades and maintenance of these systems. Such cyber incidents could 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, securities trading, general ledger, deposits, computer systems, electronic underwriting servicing or loan origination systems; or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and non-public information maintained within our systems. We also utilize relationships with third parties to aid in a significant portion of our information systems, communications, data management and transaction processing. These third parties with which we do business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risks, including operational errors, system interruptions or breaches, unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and misuse of intellectual property, and have experienced cyber attacks. If our third-party service providers encounter any of these issues, we could be exposed to disruption of service, reputation damages, and litigation risk, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The continued occurrence of cybersecurity incidents across a range of industries has resulted in increased legislative and regulatory scrutiny over cybersecurity and calls for additional data privacy laws and regulations at both the state and federal levels. For example, in 2018, the State of California adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which imposes requirements on companies operating in California and provides consumers with a private right of action if covered companies suffer a data breach related to their failure to implement reasonable security measures. These laws and regulations could result in increased operating expenses or increase our exposure to the risk of litigation or regulatory inquiries or proceedings. Although we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade our systems and networks to safeguard critical business applications, there is no guarantee that these measures or any other measures can provide absolute security. Our computer systems, software and networks may be adversely affected by cyber incidents such as unauthorized access; loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information); account takeovers; unavailability of service; computer viruses or other malicious code; cyber attacks; and other events. In addition, our protective measures may not promptly detect intrusions, and we may experience losses or incur costs or other damage related to intrusions that go undetected or go undetected for significant periods of time, at levels that adversely affect our financial results or reputation. Further, because the methods used to cause cyber attacks change frequently, or in some cases cannot be recognized until launched, we may be unable to implement preventative measures or proactively address these methods until they are discovered. Cyber threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. For example, during the second quarter of 2018, we became the victim of a spear phishing attack on one of our employees in which we suffered a 4.0 million wire fraud loss and sensitive customer information was stolen. As a result of this attack, we incurred costs to provide identity protection services, including credit monitoring, to customers who may have been impacted and other legal and professional services, and may also incur expenses in the future including legal and professional expenses and claims for damages. Additional challenges are posed by external extremist parties, including foreign state actors, in some circumstances, as a means to promote political ends. If one or more of these events occurs, it could result in the disclosure of confidential client or customer information, damage to our reputation with our clients, customers and the market, customer dissatisfaction, additional costs such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies, regulatory penalties, fines, remediation costs, exposure to litigation and other financial losses to both us and our clients and customers. Such events could also cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. We maintain cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems. We continue to evaluate our cybersecurity program and will consider incorporating new practices as necessary to meet the expectations of regulatory agencies in light of such cybersecurity guidance and regulatory actions and settlements for cybersecurity-related failures and violations by other industry participants. Such procedures include management-level engagement and corporate governance, risk management and assessment, technical controls, incident response planning, vulnerability testing, vendor management, intrusion detection monitoring, patch management and staff training. Even if we implement these procedures, however, we cannot assure you that we will be fully protected from a cybersecurity incident, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by unpredictable economic, market and business conditions. Our business and results of operations are affected by general economic, market and business conditions. The credit quality of our loan portfolio necessarily reflects, among other things, the general economic conditions in the areas in which we conduct our business. Our continued financial success depends to a degree on factors beyond our control, including: national and local economic conditions, such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, energy prices, bankruptcies, household income and consumer spending; the availability and cost of capital and credit; incidence of customer fraud; and federal, state and local laws affecting these matters. 
 The deterioration of any of these conditions, as we have experienced with past economic downturns, could adversely affect our consumer and commercial businesses and securities portfolios, our level of loan charge-offs and provision for credit losses, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, the investment portfolio of our insurance segment, our capital levels and liquidity, our securities underwriting business and our results of operations. Several factors could pose risks to the financial services industry, including tightening monetary policies by central banks, rising energy prices, trade wars, restrictions and tariffs; slowing growth in emerging economies; geopolitical matters, including international political unrest, disturbances and conflicts; acts of war and terrorism; pandemics; changes in interest rates; regulatory uncertainty; continued infrastructure deterioration; low oil prices; disruptions in global or national supply chains; and natural disasters. During 2022, the Russian invasion of Ukraine contributed to significant increases in global oil prices and further disrupted supply chains due to economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other trade partners. In addition, the current environment of heightened scrutiny of financial institutions has resulted in increased public awareness of and sensitivity to banking fees and practices. Each of these factors may adversely affect our fees and costs. Over the last several years, there have been several instances where there has been uncertainty regarding the ability of Congress and the President collectively to reach agreement on federal budgetary and spending matters. A period of failure to reach agreement on these matters, particularly if accompanied by an actual or threatened government shutdown, may have an adverse impact on the U.S. economy. Additionally, a prolonged government shutdown may inhibit our ability to evaluate borrower creditworthiness and originate and sell certain government-backed loans. Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings, capital levels and overall results. The majority of our assets are monetary in nature and, as a result, we are subject to significant risk from changes in interest rates. Between August 2019 and March 2020, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board decreased its target range for short-term interest rates by 200 basis points, and between March 2022 and December 2022, it raised interest rates by 425 basis points and indicated that additional increases may occur in 2023. Changes in interest rates may impact our net interest income in our banking segment as well as the valuation of our assets and liabilities in each of our segments. Earnings in our banking segment are significantly dependent on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We expect to periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our banking segment s assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap may work against us, and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Given the potential for an adverse impact on our net interest income associated with interest rate cycle transitions, we periodically evaluate our current gap position and determine whether a repositioning of the banking segment s balance sheet is appropriate. Asymmetrical changes in interest rates, such as if short-term rates increase or decrease at a faster rate than long-term rates, can affect the slope of the yield curve. A 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 continued inversion of the yield curve, as measured by the difference between 10-year U.S. Treasury bond yields and 3-month yields, could adversely impact the net interest income of our banking segment as the spread between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities becomes further compressed. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 50 of our loans were advanced to our customers on a variable or adjustable-rate basis and approximately 50 of our loans were advanced to our customers on a fixed-rate basis. As a result, an increase in interest rates could result in increased loan defaults, foreclosures and charge-offs and could necessitate further increases to the allowance for credit losses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Alternatively, a decrease in interest rates could negatively impact our margins and profitability. Certain of our variable rate loans only provide for resets of interest rates periodically, which can result in significant periods of time between resets in loan rates, which can negatively impact our margins and profitability. Further, a portion of our adjustable rate loans have interest rate floors at or above the loan s contractual interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 10 of our total loans rates are floored, with most expected to reprice to the loan s contractual rate at the next reset date. The inability of our loans to adjust downward can contribute to increased income in periods of declining interest rates, although this result is subject to the risks that borrowers may refinance these loans during periods of declining interest rates. Also, when loans are at their floors, there is a further risk that our interest income may not increase as rapidly as our cost of funds during periods of increasing interest rates which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If we need to offer higher interest rates on checking accounts to maintain current clients or attract new clients, our interest expense will increase, perhaps materially. Furthermore, if we fail to offer interest in a sufficient amount to keep these demand deposits, our core deposits may be reduced, which would require us to obtain funding in other ways or risk slowing our future asset growth. An increase in the absolute level of interest rates may also, among other things, adversely affect the demand for loans and our ability to originate loans. In particular, if mortgage interest rates increase, the demand for residential mortgage loans and the refinancing of residential mortgage loans will likely decrease, which will have an adverse effect on our income generated from mortgage origination activities. Conversely, a decrease in the absolute level of interest rates, among other things, may lead to prepayments in our loan and mortgage-backed securities portfolios as well as increased competition for deposits. Accordingly, changes in the general level of market interest rates may adversely affect our net yield on interest-earning assets, loan origination volume and our overall results. Our broker-dealer segment holds securities, principally fixed-income bonds, to support sales, underwriting and other customer activities. If interest rates increase, the value of debt securities held in the broker-dealer segment s inventory would decrease. Rapid or significant changes in interest rates could adversely affect the segment s bond sales, trading and underwriting activities. Further, the profitability of our margin and stock lending businesses depends to a great extent on the difference between interest income earned on loans and investments of customer cash balances and the interest expense paid on customer cash balances and borrowings. In addition, we hold securities that may be sold in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in securities prepayment risk, increases in loan demand, general liquidity needs and other similar factors. Such securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at estimated fair value, which may fluctuate with changes in market interest rates. The effects of an increase in market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our available for sale investment portfolio. Market interest rates are affected by many factors outside of our control, including inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. We may not be able to accurately predict the likelihood, nature and magnitude of such changes or how and to what extent such changes may affect our business. We also may not be able to adequately prepare for, or compensate for, the consequences of such changes. Any failure to predict and prepare for changes in interest rates, or adjust for the consequences of these changes, may adversely affect our earnings and capital levels and overall results of operations and financial condition. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 I nflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. Inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Small to medium-sized businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not able to leverage economics of scale to mitigate cost pressures compared to larger businesses. Consequently, the ability of our business customers to repay their loans may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, rising interest rates will negatively impact our mortgage business by making home mortgages more expensive for home buyers any by making mortgage refinancing transactions less likely, which would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition in PrimeLending. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause wages and other costs to Hilltop and its subsidiaries to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our mortgage origination business is subject to fluctuations based upon seasonal and other factors and, as a result, our results of operations for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Our mortgage origination business is subject to several variables that can impact loan origination volume, including seasonal and interest rate fluctuations. We typically experience increased loan origination volume from purchases of homes during the second and third calendar quarters, when more people tend to move and buy or sell homes. In addition, an increase in the general level of interest rates may, among other things, adversely affect the demand for mortgage loans and our ability to originate mortgage loans. In particular, if mortgage interest rates increase, the demand for residential mortgage loans and the refinancing of residential mortgage loans will likely decrease, which will have an adverse effect on our mortgage origination activities. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates, among other things, may lead to increased competition for mortgage loan origination business. As a result of these variables, our results of operations for any single quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year. The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, and if we fail to keep pace, our business may suffer. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively or timely implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers and clients. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry and avoid interruptions, errors and delays could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We are heavily reliant on technology, and a failure to effectively implement new technological solutions or enhancements to existing systems or platforms could adversely affect our business operations and the financial results of our operations. Like most financial services companies, we significantly depend on technology to deliver our products and services and to otherwise conduct business. To remain technologically competitive and operationally efficient, we have either begun the significant investment in or have plans to invest in new technological solutions, substantial core system upgrades and other technology enhancements within each of our operating segments and corporate. Many of these solutions and enhancements have a significant duration, include phased implementation schedules, are tied to critical systems, and require substantial internal and external resources for design and implementation. Such external resources may be relied upon to provide expertise and support to help implement, maintain and/or service certain of our core technology solutions. Although we take steps to mitigate the risks and uncertainties associated with these solutions and initiatives, we may encounter significant adverse developments in the completion and implementation of these initiatives. These may include significant time delays, cost overruns, loss of key personnel, technological problems, processing failures, 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 distraction of management and other adverse developments. Further, our ability to maintain an adequate control environment may be impacted. The ultimate effect of any adverse development could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could materially affect us, including our control environment, operating efficiency, and results of operations. Our geographic concentration may magnify the adverse effects and consequences of any regional or local economic downturn. We conduct our banking operations primarily in Texas. At December 31, 2022, substantially all of the real estate loans in our loan portfolio were secured by properties located in our four largest markets within Texas, with 38 , 25 , 15 and 6 secured by properties located in the Dallas/Fort Worth, Austin/San Antonio, Houston/Coastal Bend and Rio Grande Valley/South Texas markets, respectively. Substantially all of these loans are made to borrowers who live and conduct business in Texas. Accordingly, economic conditions in Texas have a significant impact on the ability of the Bank s customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, our ability to sell the collateral upon any foreclosure, and the stability of the Bank s deposit funding sources. Further, low crude oil prices may have a more profound effect on the economy of energy-dominant states such as Texas. The Bank has loans extended to businesses that depend on the energy industry including those within the exploration and production, oilfield services, pipeline construction, distribution and transportation sectors. If crude oil prices were to be depressed for an extended period, the Bank could experience weaker energy loan demand and increased losses within its energy and Texas-related loan portfolios. Moreover, natural disasters, such as Hurricane Harvey in 2017 and Winter Storm Uri in 2021 may also have an adverse impact on local economic conditions. In addition, mortgage origination fee income is dependent to a significant degree on economic conditions in Texas and California. During 2022, 23.0 and 8.5 our mortgage loans originated (by dollar volume) were collateralized by properties located in Texas and California, respectively. Also, in our broker-dealer segment, 77 of public finance services net revenues were from entities located in Texas, and 88 of retail brokerage service net revenues were generated through locations in Texas, California and Oklahoma. Any regional or local economic downturn that affects Texas or, to a lesser extent, California or Oklahoma, whether caused by recession, inflation, unemployment, changing oil prices, natural disasters, supply chain disruptions or other factors, may affect us and our profitability more significantly and more adversely than our competitors that are less geographically concentrated, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. An adverse change in real estate market values may result in losses in our banking segment and otherwise adversely affect our profitability. At December 31, 2022, 59 of the loan portfolio of our banking segment was comprised of loans with commercial or residential real estate as the primary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides a source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. A decline in commercial or residential real estate values generally, and in Texas specifically, could impair the value of the collateral underlying a significant portion of the Bank s loan portfolio and our ability to sell the collateral upon any foreclosure. In the event of a default with respect to any of these loans, the amounts we receive upon sale of the collateral may be insufficient to recover the outstanding principal and interest on the loan. As a result, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected by a decrease in real estate market values. The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental control measures severely disrupted financial markets and overall economic conditions throughout 2020 and 2021 and adversely affected our business. Although the United States economy has begun to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and may persist for some time, including labor shortages and disruptions of global supply chains. The growth in economic activity and in the demand for goods and services, coupled with labor shortages and 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 supply chain disruptions, has also contributed to rising inflationary pressures and the risk of recession. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse economic consequences, we could experience material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. The length of the adverse consequences of the pandemic and the impact to the macroeconomic environment are unknown. Until the consequences subside, we could be subject to any of the following risks: 
 further increases in the allowance for credit losses and possible recognition of credit losses, especially if businesses close or are substantially limited in their operating capacity, unemployment rates increase, consumer and business confidence declines, consumer trends change and clients and customers draw on their lines of credit or seek additional loans to help finance their businesses; possible constraints on liquidity and capital, whether due to increases in risk-weighted assets related to supporting client activities or to regulatory actions; and the possibility that significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, sheltering-in-place arrangements, government actions or other restrictions related to the pandemic. We also could experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower securities prices in times of market volatility, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory. The fair values of certain of our investments could also be negatively impacted, resulting in unrealized or realized losses on such investments. Moreover, certain actions taken by U.S. or other governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve, that are intended to ameliorate the macroeconomic effects of COVID-19 may cause additional harm to our business. Decreases in short-term interest rates, such as those announced by the Federal Reserve late in our 2019 fiscal year and during the first fiscal quarter of 2020 had a negative impact on our results of operations, as we have certain assets and liabilities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The length of the adverse consequences of the pandemic and the impact to the macroeconomic environment are unknown. Until the consequences subside, we could be subject to negative effects on our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, Our risk management processes may not fully identify and mitigate exposure to the various risks that we face, including interest rate, credit, liquidity and market risk. We continue to refine our risk management techniques, strategies and assessment methods on an ongoing basis. However, our risk management techniques and strategies (as well as those available to the market generally) may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk. For example, we might fail to identify or anticipate particular risks, or the systems that we use, and that are used within our business segments generally, may not be capable of identifying certain risks. Certain of our strategies for managing risk are based upon observed historical market behavior. We apply statistical and other tools to these observations to quantify our risk exposure. Any failures in our risk management techniques and strategies to accurately identify and quantify our risk exposure could limit our ability to manage risks. In addition, any risk management failures could cause our losses to be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. Further, our quantified modeling does not take all risks into account. As a result, we also take a qualitative approach in reducing our risk, although our qualitative approach to managing those risks could also prove insufficient, exposing us to material unanticipated losses. Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our exposure to interest rate risk. We use derivative financial instruments, primarily consisting of interest rate swaps, to limit our exposure to interest rate risk within the banking and mortgage origination segments. No hedging strategy can completely protect us, and the derivative financial instruments we elect may not have the effect of reducing our interest rate risk. Poorly designed strategies, improperly executed and documented transactions, inaccurate assumptions or the failure of a counterparty to fulfill its obligations could actually increase our risks and losses. In addition, hedging strategies involve transaction and other costs. Our hedging strategies and the derivatives that we use may not adequately offset the risks of interest rate volatility and could result in or magnify losses, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Our bank lending, margin lending, stock lending, securities trading and execution and mortgage purchase businesses are all subject to credit risk. We are exposed to credit risk in all areas of our business. The Bank is exposed to the risk that its loan customers may not repay their loans in accordance with their terms, the collateral securing the loans may be insufficient, or its credit loss reserve may be inadequate to fully compensate the Bank for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs to dispose of the collateral. Further, our mortgage warehousing activities subject us to credit risk during the period between funding by the Bank and when the mortgage company sells the loan to a secondary investor. Our broker-dealer business is subject to credit risk if securities prices decline rapidly because the value of our collateral could fall below the amount of the indebtedness it secures. In rapidly appreciating markets, credit risk increases due to short positions. Our securities lending business as well as our securities trading and execution businesses subject us to credit risk if a counterparty fails to perform or if collateral securing its obligations is insufficient. In securities transactions, we are subject to credit risk during the period between the execution of a trade and the settlement by the customer. Significant failures by our customers, including correspondents, or clients to honor their obligations, or increases in their rates of default, together with insufficient collateral and reserves, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We depend on our computer and communications systems and an interruption in service would negatively affect our business. Our businesses rely on electronic data processing and communications systems. The effective use of technology allows us to better serve customers and clients, increases efficiency and reduces costs. Our continued success will depend, in part, upon our ability to successfully maintain, secure and upgrade the capability of our systems, our ability to address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands and our ability to retain skilled information technology employees. Significant malfunctions or failures of our computer systems, computer security, software or any other systems in the trading process (e.g., record retention and data processing functions performed by third parties, and third party software, such as Internet browsers) could cause delays in customer trading activity. Such delays could cause substantial losses for customers and could subject us to claims from customers for losses, including litigation claiming fraud or negligence. In addition, if our computer and communications systems fail to operate properly, regulations would restrict our ability to conduct business. Any such failure could prevent us from collecting funds relating to customer and client transactions, which would materially impact our cash flows. Any computer or communications system failure or decrease in computer system performance that causes interruptions in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led, and will continue to lead, to governmental efforts in the United States to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations, as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Within Texas, where our banking operations are primarily located and in which we have a significant presence for our broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments, a shift in the current state of the energy industry reflecting a transition from carbon intensive activities to low-carbon or green technologies and processes could have a more profound impact on our customers, consumer behavior and the economy. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 We are heavily dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries. We are a financial holding company engaged in the business of managing, controlling and operating our subsidiaries. Hilltop conducts limited material business other than activities incidental to holding stock in the Bank and Securities Holdings. As a result, we rely substantially on the profitability of, and dividends from, these subsidiaries to pay our operating expenses and to pay interest on our debt obligations. The Bank and Securities Holdings are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends to us. Accordingly, if the Bank and Securities Holdings are unable to make cash distributions to us, then we may be unable to satisfy our operating expense obligations or make interest payments on our debt obligations. Our broker-dealer business is subject to various risks associated with the securities industry. Our broker-dealer business is subject to uncertainties that are common in the securities industry. These uncertainties include: intense competition in the securities industry; the volatility of domestic and international financial, bond and stock markets; extensive governmental regulation; litigation; and substantial fluctuations in the volume and price level of securities. 
 As a result of such uncertainties, the revenues and operating results of our broker-dealer segment may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. Unfavorable financial or economic conditions could reduce the number and size of transactions in which we provide financial advisory, underwriting and other services. Disruptions in fixed income and equity markets could lead to a decline in the volume of transactions executed for customers and, therefore, to declines in revenues from commissions and clearing services. In addition, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers are operating subsidiaries of Hilltop, which means that their activities are limited to those that are permissible for subsidiaries of a bank holding company. Market fluctuations could adversely impact our broker-dealer business. Our broker-dealer segment is subject to risks as a result of fluctuations in the securities markets. Our securities trading, market-making and underwriting activities involve the purchase and sale of securities as a principal, which subjects our capital to significant risks. Market conditions could limit our ability to sell securities purchased or to purchase securities sold in such transactions. If interest rates increase, the value of debt securities we hold in our inventory would decrease. Rapid or significant market fluctuations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain assets if comparable sales become less frequent or market data becomes less observable. Certain classes of assets or loan collateral that were in active markets with significant observable data may become illiquid due to the current financial environment. In such cases, asset valuations may require more estimation and subjective judgment. Our investment advisory business may be affected if our investment products perform poorly. Poor investment returns and declines in client assets in our investment advisory business, due to either general market conditions or underperformance (relative to our competitors or to benchmarks) by investment products, may affect our ability to retain existing assets, prevent clients from transferring their assets out of products or their accounts, or inhibit our ability to attract new clients or additional assets from existing clients. Any such poor performance could adversely affect our investment advisory business and the advisory fees that we earn on client assets. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Our existing correspondents may choose to perform their own clearing services or move their clearing business to one of our competitors or exit the business. As the operations of our correspondents grow, our correspondents may consider the option of performing clearing functions themselves, in a process referred to as self-clearing. The option to convert to self-clearing operations may become more attractive as the transaction volume of a broker-dealer grows. The cost of implementing the necessary infrastructure may eventually be offset by the elimination of per transaction processing fees that would otherwise be paid to a clearing firm. Additionally, performing their own clearing services allows self-clearing broker-dealers to retain their customers margin balances, free credit balances and securities for use in margin lending activities. Furthermore, our correspondents may decide to use the clearing services of one of our competitors or exit the business. Any significant loss of correspondents due to self-clearing, moving their clearing business to a competitor or exiting the business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Several of our broker-dealer segment s product lines rely on favorable tax treatment and changes in federal tax law could impact the attractiveness of these products to our customers. We offer a variety of services and products, such as individual retirement accounts and municipal bonds, which rely on favorable federal income tax treatment to be attractive to our customers. Should favorable tax treatment of these products be eliminated or reduced, sales of these products could be materially impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our mortgage origination segment is subject to investment risk on loans that it originates. We intend to sell, and not hold for investment, substantially all residential mortgage loans that we originate through PrimeLending. At times, however, we may originate a loan or execute an interest rate lock commitment IRLC with a customer pursuant to which we agree to originate a mortgage loan on a future date at an agreed-upon interest rate without having identified a purchaser for such loan. An identified purchaser may also decline to purchase a loan for a variety of reasons. In these instances, we will bear interest rate risk on an IRLC until, and unless, we are able to find a buyer for the loan underlying such IRLC and the risk of investment on a loan until, and unless, we are able to find a buyer for such loan. In addition, in the event of a breach of any representation or warranty concerning a loan, an agency, investor or other third party could, among other things, require us to repurchase the full amount of the loan or seek indemnification for losses from us, even if the loan is not in default. Further, if a customer defaults on a mortgage payment shortly after the loan is originated, the purchaser of the loan may have a put right, whereby the purchaser can require us to repurchase the loan at the full amount that it paid. During periods of market downturn, we may choose to hold mortgage loans when the identified purchasers have declined to purchase such loans because we may not obtain an acceptable substitute bid price for such loan. The failure of mortgage loans that we hold on our books to perform adequately could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Moreover, if a property securing a mortgage loan on which we own the servicing rights is damaged, including from flooding, we may be responsible for repairs for uninsured damage. Changes in interest rates may change the value of our mortgage servicing rights portfolio, which may increase the volatility of our earnings. As a result of our mortgage servicing business, which we may expand in the future, we have a portfolio of MSR assets. An MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan collect principal, interest and escrow amounts for a fee. We measure and carry all of our residential MSR assets using the fair value measurement method. Fair value is determined as the present value of estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Current trends of rising interest rates have resulted in an increased valuation of the MSR asset, however one of the principal risks associated with MSR assets is that in a declining interest rate environment, they will likely lose a substantial portion of their value as a result of higher than anticipated prepayments. Moreover, if prepayments are greater than expected, the cash we receive over the life of the mortgage loans would be reduced. The mortgage origination segment uses derivative financial instruments, including U.S. Treasury bond futures and options, as a means to mitigate market risk associated with MSR assets. However, no hedging strategy can protect us completely, and hedging strategies 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 may fail because they are improperly designed, improperly executed and documented or based on inaccurate assumptions and, as a result, could actually increase our risks and losses. An increasing size of our MSR portfolio may increase our interest rate risk and correspondingly, the volatility of our earnings, especially if we cannot adequately hedge the interest rate risk relating to our MSR assets. An increased size of our MSR portfolio could result in us carrying significant asset balances. This could result in a reduction in our liquidity and cause a reduction in our capital ratios. The combination of these impacts along with other impacts, could cause us to not have sufficient liquidity or capital. At December 31, 2022, the mortgage origination segment s MSR asset had a fair value of 101.1 million. All income related to retained servicing, including changes in the value of the MSR asset, is included in noninterest income. Depending on the interest rate environment and market trends related to MSR sales, it is possible that the fair value of our MSR asset may be reduced in the future. If such changes in fair value significantly reduce the carrying value of our MSR asset, our financial condition and results of operations would be negatively affected. If we fail to develop, implement and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting in future periods may be adversely affected. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules and regulations require that management report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and assess the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures on a quarterly basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide timely and reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We have identified control deficiencies that constituted a material weakness in our internal controls and procedures in the past and may experience a material weakness in future years. If we fail to maintain adequate internal controls, our financial statements may not accurately reflect our financial condition. Any material misstatements could require a restatement of our consolidated financial statements, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, leading to a decline in the market value of our securities. We ultimately may write-off goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from business combinations. As a result of purchase accounting in connection with acquisitions, our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022, included goodwill of 267.4 million and other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, of 11.3 million. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate whether facts and circumstances indicate any impairment of value of intangible assets. As circumstances change, we may not realize the value of these intangible assets. If we determine that a material impairment has occurred, we will be required to write-off the impaired portion of intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the write-off occurs. We have goodwill and intangibles balances recorded in connection with acquisitions in our banking, broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments, which we periodically review for impairment. These assets are sensitive to any significant changes in related results of operations of the underlying businesses. Specifically, our mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments have each experienced lower-than-forecasted operating results during 2022 due to adverse conditions including tight housing inventories on mortgage volumes, declining economic forecasts, and rapid increases in U.S. treasury yields and mortgage interest rates. These headwinds, coupled with inflationary pressures associated with compensation, occupancy and software costs within our business segments during 2022 have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our operating results during 2023. Given the potential impacts as a result of the uncertainty of the operating performance of these reporting segments, actual results may differ materially from our current estimates as the scope of such impacts evolves or if the duration of business disruptions is longer than currently anticipated. We further considered the amount by which fair value exceeded book value in the most recent quantitative analysis and sensitivities performed. At the conclusion of the annual assessment, we determined that as of October 1, 2022 it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill and other intangible assets exceeded their respective carrying values. We continue to monitor developments regarding future operating performance of its reporting units, overall economic 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 conditions, market capitalization, and any other triggering events or circumstances that may indicate an impairment in the future. To the extent future operating performance of the mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments remain challenged and below forecasted projections, significant assumptions such as expected future cash flows or the risk-adjusted discount rate used to estimate fair value are adversely impacted, or upon the occurrence of what management would deem to be a triggering event that could, under certain circumstances, cause us to perform impairment tests on our goodwill and other intangible assets, an impairment charge may be recorded for that period. In the event that we conclude that all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets are impaired, a non-cash charge for the respective amount of such impairment would be recorded to earnings. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital or regulatory capital. The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if we are exposed to actual conditions different from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting estimates. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosure in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting estimates, which are included in this Annual Report, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider critical because they involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operation. As a result, if future events differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, such events or assumptions could have a material impact on our audited consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We are dependent on our management team, and the loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could impair our relationship with customers and adversely affect our business and financial results. Our success is dependent, to a large degree, upon the continued service and skills of our existing management team and other key employees with long-term customer relationships. Our business and growth strategies are built primarily upon our ability to retain employees with experience and business relationships within their respective segments. The loss of one or more of these key personnel could have an adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of the market, years of industry experience and the difficulty of finding qualified replacement personnel. In addition, we currently do not have non-competition agreements with certain members of management and other key employees. If any of these personnel were to leave and compete with us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth could suffer. A decline in the market for municipal advisory services could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our broker-dealer segment has historically earned a material portion of its revenues from advisory fees paid to it by its clients, in large part upon the successful completion of the client s transaction. New issuances in the municipal market by cities, counties, school districts, state and other governmental agencies, airports, healthcare institutions, institutions of higher education and other clients that the public finance services line of business serves can be subject to significant fluctuations based on factors such as changes in interest rates, property tax bases, budget pressures on certain issuers caused by uncertain economic times and other factors. A decline in the market for municipal advisory services due to the factors listed above could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts. Our banking and mortgage origination businesses expose us to fraud risk from our loan and deposit customers and the parties they do business with, as well as from our employees, contractors and vendors. We rely heavily upon information supplied by third parties, including the information contained in credit applications, property appraisals, title information, equipment pricing and valuation, and employment and income documentation, in deciding which loans to originate and the terms of those loans. If any of the information upon which we rely is misrepresented, either fraudulently or negligently, and the misrepresentation is not detected prior to funding, the value of the collateral may be significantly lower than expected, the source of repayment may not exist or may be significantly impaired, or we may 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 fund a loan that we would not have funded or on terms we would not have extended. While we have underwriting and operational controls in place to help detect and prevent such fraud, no such controls are effective to detect or prevent all fraud. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the applicant, another third party or one of our own employees, we may bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. We have experienced losses resulting from fraud in the past, including loan, wire transfer, document and check fraud, and identity theft. We maintain fraud insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any fraudulent acts. Our broker-dealer activities also expose us to fraud risks. When acting as an underwriter, our broker-dealer segment may be liable jointly and severally under federal, state and foreign securities laws for false and misleading statements concerning the securities, or the issuer of the securities, that it underwrites. We are sometimes brought into lawsuits in connection with our correspondent clearing business based on actions of our correspondents. In addition, we may act as a fiduciary in other capacities that could expose us to liability under such laws or under common law fiduciary principles. Negative publicity regarding us, or financial institutions in general, could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain customers and conduct our business could be adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged. Reputational risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion regarding our company, or financial institutions in general, is inherent in our business. Adverse perceptions concerning our reputation could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing them. In particular, such negative perceptions could lead to decreases in the level of deposits that consumer and commercial customers and potential customers choose to maintain with us. Negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including lending or foreclosure practices; sales practices; corporate governance and potential conflicts of interest; ethical failures or fraud, including alleged deceptive or unfair lending or pricing practices; regulatory compliance; protection of customer information; cyber attacks, whether actual, threatened, or perceived; negative news about us or the financial institutions industry generally; general company performance; or actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to such activities or circumstances. Furthermore, our failure to address, or the perception that we have failed to address, these issues appropriately could impact our ability to keep and attract customers and/or employees and could expose us to litigation and/or regulatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, stockholders, customers and other stakeholders have begun to consider how corporations are addressing environmental, social and governance ESG issues. Governments, investors, customers and the general public are increasingly focused on ESG practices and disclosures, and views about ESG are diverse and rapidly changing and have become a consideration in investment decisions. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of our common stock if investors determine that we have not made sufficient progress on ESG matters. We could also face potential negative ESG-related publicity in traditional media or social media if stockholders or other stakeholders determine that we have not adequately considered or addressed ESG matters. If we, or our relationships with certain customers, vendors or suppliers, became the subject of negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain customers and employees, and our financial condition and results of operations, could be adversely impacted. We are subject to legal claims and litigation, including potential securities law liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face significant legal risks in each of the business segments in which we operate, and the volume of legal claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial service companies remains high. These risks often are difficult to assess or quantify, and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us or any of our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business and prospects. Further, regulatory inquiries and subpoenas, other requests for information, or testimony in connection with litigation may require incurrence of significant expenses, including fees for legal representation and fees associated with document production. These costs may be incurred even if we are not a target of the inquiry or a party to the litigation. Any financial liability or reputational damage could have a material 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the normal course of business, our broker-dealer segment has been subject to claims by customers and clients alleging unauthorized trading, churning, mismanagement, suitability of investments, breach of fiduciary duty or other alleged misconduct by our employees or brokers. We are sometimes brought into lawsuits based on allegations concerning our correspondents. As underwriters, we are subject to substantial potential liability for material misstatements and omissions in prospectuses and other communications with respect to underwritten offerings of securities. Prolonged litigation producing significant legal expenses or a substantial settlement or adverse judgment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Because we may use a substantial portion of our remaining excess capital to make acquisitions or effect a business combination, we may become subject to risks inherent in pursuing and completing any such acquisitions or business combination. We may make acquisitions or effect business combinations with a substantial portion of our remaining excess capital. We may not, however, be able to identify suitable targets, consummate acquisitions or effect a combination on commercially acceptable terms or, if consummated, successfully integrate personnel and operations. The success of any acquisition or business combination will depend upon, among other things, the ability of management and our employees to integrate personnel, operations, products and technologies effectively, to attract, retain and motivate key personnel and to retain customers and clients of targets. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees. In addition, the integration of certain operations will require the dedication of significant management resources, which may temporarily distract management s attention from our day-to-day business. Any inability to realize the full extent, or any, of the anticipated cost savings and financial benefits of any acquisitions we make, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and cause a decrease in our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisitions and contribute to a decrease in the price of our common stock. In addition, any acquisition or business combination we undertake may consume available cash resources, result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and divert management s attention from other business concerns. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business that we acquire or with which we merge, our diligence may not surface all material issues that may adversely affect a particular target business, and we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Consequently, we also may need to make further investments to support the acquired or combined company and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring the appropriate resources. We may enter, through acquisitions or a business combination, into new lines of business or initiate new service offerings subject to the restrictions imposed upon us as a regulated financial holding company. Accordingly, there is no basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular target business with which we may combine or that we may ultimately acquire. Subject to the restrictions imposed upon us as a regulated financial holding company, we may also use excess capital to make investments in companies engaged in non-financial activities. These investments could decline in value and are likely to be substantially less liquid than exchange-listed securities, if we are able to sell them at all. If we are required to sell these investments quickly, we may receive significantly less value than if we could otherwise have sold them. Losses on these investments could have an adverse impact on our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We may be subject to environmental liabilities in connection with the foreclosure on real estate assets securing the loan portfolio of our banking segment. Hazardous or toxic substances or other environmental hazards may be located on the real estate that secures our loans. If we acquire such properties as a result of foreclosure, or otherwise, we could become subject to various environmental liabilities. For example, we could be held liable for the cost of cleaning up or otherwise addressing contamination at or from these properties. We could also be held liable to a governmental entity or third party for property damage, personal injury or other claims relating to any environmental contamination at or from these properties. In addition, we could be held liable for costs relating to environmental contamination at or from our current or former properties. We may not detect all environmental hazards associated with these properties. If we ever became subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be harmed. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. At December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, we had total deposits of 11.3 billion and other indebtedness of 1.3 billion, including 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5 senior notes due 2025 (the Senior Notes ), 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2030 (the 2030 Subordinated Notes and 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2035 (the 2035 Subordinated Notes ). Our significant amount of indebtedness could have important consequences, such as: limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other debt service requirements or for other purposes; limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service debt; limiting our ability to compete with other companies who are not as highly leveraged, as we may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions; restricting us from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties or pursuing business opportunities; restricting the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our and certain of our subsidiaries existing and future indebtedness, including, in the case of certain indebtedness of subsidiaries, certain covenants that restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us; exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under financial and operating covenants contained in our or our subsidiaries debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results; increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or a decrease in pricing of our products; and limiting our ability to react to changing market conditions in our industry and in our customers industries. 
 In addition to our debt service obligations, our operations require substantial investments on a continuing basis. Our ability to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to fund capital and non-capital expenditures necessary to maintain the condition of our operating assets and properties, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our business, depends on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legal and other factors. Subject to the restrictions in the indentures governing the Senior Notes, 2030 Subordinated Notes and 2035 Subordinated Notes (collectively, the Senior and Subordinated Notes ), we may incur significant additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks described above could increase. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, including the Senior and Subordinated Notes, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and our future ability to refinance the Senior and Subordinated Notes, which depends on, among other things, our compliance with the covenants in the indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes. 
 We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to obtain financing in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, including the Senior and Subordinated Notes, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Senior and Subordinated Notes. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations, including our obligations under the Senior and Subordinated Notes. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, sell equity and/or negotiate with our lenders and other creditors to restructure the applicable debt in order to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all. The indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to avail ourselves of some or all of these options. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. A reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect us or the holders of our securities. The credit rating agencies rating our indebtedness regularly evaluate us, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy and changes in rating methodologies. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit rating. A downgrade of our credit rating could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. This could affect our growth, profitability and financial condition, including liquidity. The indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness would likely contain, restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. The indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness would likely contain, a number of covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: dispose of, or issue voting stock of, certain subsidiaries; or incur or permit to exist any mortgage, pledge, encumbrance or lien or charge on the capital stock of certain subsidiaries. 
 Any of these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions and could otherwise restrict corporate activities. Any failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes. Upon a default, holders of the Senior and Subordinated Notes have the ability 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 ultimately to force us into bankruptcy or liquidation, subject to the indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes. In addition, a default under the indentures governing the Senior and Subordinated Notes could trigger a cross default under the agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness. Our operating results may not be sufficient to service our indebtedness or to fund our other expenditures and we may not be able to obtain financing to meet these requirements. Risks Related to our Industry The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect our business. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to many different counterparties and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, credit unions, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even negative speculation about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry in general, have led to market-wide liquidity problems in the past and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when we hold collateral that cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the receivable due to us. Any such losses could be material and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We face strong competition from other financial institutions and financial service companies, which may adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Our banking segment primarily competes with national, regional and community banks within various markets where the Bank operates. The Bank also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks, finance companies and credit unions. A number of these banks and other financial institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits, larger branch systems and a wider array of banking services than we do. We also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage and investment banking firms, consumer finance companies, pension trusts, governmental organizations and increasingly fintech companies, each of which may offer more favorable financing than we are able to provide. In addition, some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern us. The banking business in Texas has remained competitive over the past several years, and we expect the level of competition we face to further increase. Competition for deposits and in providing lending products and services to consumers and businesses in our market area is intense and pricing is important. Other factors encountered in competing for savings deposits are convenient office locations, interest rates and fee structures of products offered. Direct competition for savings deposits also comes from other commercial bank and thrift institutions, money market mutual funds and corporate and government securities that may offer more attractive rates than insured depository institutions are willing to pay. Competition for loans is based on factors such as interest rates, loan origination fees and the range of services offered by the provider. We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors through our commitment to personalized customer service and responsiveness to customer needs while providing a range of competitive loan and deposit products and other services. Our profitability depends on our ability to compete effectively in these markets. This competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking services, reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The financial advisory and investment banking industries also are intensely competitive industries and will likely remain competitive. Our broker-dealer business competes directly with numerous other financial advisory and investment banking firms, broker-dealers and banks, including large national and major regional firms and smaller niche companies, some of whom are not broker-dealers and, therefore, not subject to the broker-dealer regulatory framework. In addition to competition from firms currently in the industry, there has been increasing competition from others offering financial services, including automated trading and other services based on technological innovations. Our broker-dealer business competes on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of advice and service, technology, product selection, innovation, reputation, client relationships and price. Increased pressure created by any current or future competitors, or by competitors of our broker-dealer business collectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and results 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 of operations. Increased competition may result in reduced revenue and loss of market share. Further, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, our broker-dealer business may from time to time make certain pricing, service or marketing decisions that also could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our mortgage origination business faces vigorous competition from banks and other financial institutions, including large financial institutions as well as independent mortgage banking companies, commercial banks, savings banks and savings and loan associations. Our mortgage origination segment competes on a number of factors including customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, price, reputation, interest rates, closing process and duration, and loan origination fees. The ability to attract and retain skilled mortgage origination professionals is critical to our mortgage origination business. We seek to distinguish ourselves from our competitors through our commitment to personalized customer service and responsiveness to customer needs while providing a range of competitive mortgage loan products and services. Overall, competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase as technological advances have lowered the barriers to entry for financial technology companies, with consumers having the opportunity to select from a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including online checking, savings and brokerage accounts, online lending, online insurance underwriters, crowdfunding, digital wallets, and money transfer services. The ability of non-banking financial institutions to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has intensified competition. Because non-banking financial institutions are not subject to many of the same regulatory restrictions as banks and bank holding companies, they can often operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. This competition could result in the loss of customer deposits and brokerage accounts and lower mortgage originations which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Acquisitions may be delayed, impeded, or prohibited due to regulatory issues. Acquisitions by financial institutions are subject to approval by a variety of federal and state regulatory agencies. The process for obtaining these required regulatory approvals has become substantially more difficult in recent years. Regulatory approvals could be delayed, impeded, restrictively conditioned or denied due to existing or new regulatory issues we have, or may have, with regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, issues related to Bank Secrecy Act compliance, Community Reinvestment Act issues, fair lending laws, fair housing laws, consumer protection laws, unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices regulations and other similar laws and regulations. We may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete strategic and competitively significant acquisition opportunities as a result of our inability, or perceived or anticipated inability, to obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, under reasonable conditions or at all. Difficulties associated with potential acquisitions that may result from these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to extensive supervision and regulation that could restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business and limit our ability to generate income. We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision, including that of the Federal Reserve Board, the Texas Department of Banking, the FDIC, the CFPB, the SEC and FINRA. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, not stockholders or other debt holders. Likewise, regulations promulgated by the SEC and FINRA are primarily intended to protect the securities markets and customers of broker-dealer businesses rather than stockholders or other debt holders. Further, because the Bank s total assets were over 10.0 billion (as measured on four consecutive quarterly call reports of the Bank) as of June 30, 2020, along with the continued Federal Reserve consumer supervisory and enforcement, the Bank became subject to the CFPB s supervisory and enforcement authority with respect to federal consumer financial laws, beginning in the second quarter of 2020. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, capital requirements, investment practices, brokerage and investment advisory activities, dividends and growth, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 or policies could result in money damages, civil money penalties or reputational damage, as well as sanctions and supervisory actions by regulatory agencies that could subject us to significant restrictions on or suspensions of our business and our ability to expand through acquisitions or branching. Further, our clearing contracts generally include automatic termination provisions that are triggered in the event we are suspended from any of the national exchanges of which we are a member for failure to comply with the rules or regulations thereof. While we have implemented policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations of rules and regulations, such violations may occur from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies frequently revise banking and securities laws, regulations and policies. For example, several aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act have affected our business, including, without limitation, increased capital requirements, increased mortgage regulation, restrictions on proprietary trading in securities, restrictions on investments in hedge funds and private equity funds, executive compensation restrictions, potential federal oversight of the insurance industry and disclosure and reporting requirements. Although the EGRRCPA is intended to ease the regulatory burden imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to company-run stress testing, resolution plans, the Volcker Rule, high volatility commercial real estate exposures, and real estate appraisals, at this time, it remains difficult to predict the full extent to which the Dodd-Frank Act the EGRRCPA, the AML 2020 Act or the resulting rules and regulations will affect our business. Compliance with new laws and regulations has resulted and likely will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant and may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating in connection with its most recent CRA performance evaluation. A CRA rating of less than satisfactory adversely affects a bank s ability to establish new branches and impairs a bank s ability to commence new activities that are financial in nature or acquire companies engaged in these activities. Other regulatory exam ratings or findings also may adversely impact our ability to branch, commence new activities or make acquisitions. We cannot predict whether or in what form any other proposed regulations or statutes will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected by any new regulation or statute. These changes become less predictable, yet more likely to occur, following the transition of power from one presidential administration to another, especially as in 2021, when it involves a change in political party. Any such changes could subject our business to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. We may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. We are subject to regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain. From time to time, the regulators change these regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. If we fail to meet these minimum capital guidelines and other regulatory requirements, we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in the types of activities we may conduct and we may be prohibited from taking certain capital actions, such as paying dividends and repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The application of more stringent capital requirements for Hilltop and PlainsCapital could, among other things, adversely affect our results of operations and growth, require the raising of additional capital, restrict our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares and result in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Periodically, the SEC adopts amendments to Rules 15c3-1 and 15c3-3 under the Exchange Act related to our broker-dealer segment. The implementation of any new requirements from these amendments may increase our cost of regulatory compliance. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 The CFPB has issued ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage rules that may have a negative impact on our loan origination process and foreclosure proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. The CFPB s qualified mortgage rule requires mortgage lenders to consider consumers ability to repay home loans before extending them credit. The rule describes certain minimum requirements for lenders making ability-to-repay determinations, but does not dictate that they follow particular underwriting models. Lenders are presumed to have complied with the ability-to-repay rule if they issue qualified mortgages, which are generally defined as mortgage loans prohibiting or limiting certain risky features. Loans that do not meet the ability-to-repay standard can be challenged in court by borrowers who default and the absence of ability-to-repay status can be used against a lender in foreclosure proceedings. Any loans that we make outside of the qualified mortgage criteria, including the newly created seasoned qualified mortgage criteria could expose us to an increased risk of liability and reduce or delay our ability to foreclose on the underlying property. Any increases in compliance and foreclosure costs caused by the rule could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We may issue shares of preferred stock or additional shares of common stock to complete an acquisition or effect a combination or under an employee incentive plan after consummation of an acquisition or business combination, which would dilute the interests of our stockholders and likely present other risks. The issuance of shares of preferred stock or additional shares of common stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock from the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. Subject to limitations imposed by law or our articles of incorporation, our board of directors is empowered to determine the designation and number of shares constituting each series of preferred stock, as well as any designations, qualifications, privileges, limitations, restrictions or special or relative rights of additional series. The rights of preferred stockholders may supersede the rights of common stockholders. Preferred stock could be issued with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the shares of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also result in a series of securities outstanding that would have preferences over the common stock with respect to dividends and in liquidation. Our common stock price may experience substantial volatility, which may affect your ability to sell our common stock at an advantageous price. Price volatility of our common stock may affect your ability to sell our common stock at an advantageous price. Market price fluctuations in our common stock may arise due to acquisitions, dispositions or other material public announcements, including those regarding dividends or changes in management, along with a variety of additional factors, including, without limitation, other risks identified in Forward-looking Statements and these Risk Factors. In addition, the stock markets in general, including the NYSE, have experienced extreme price and trading fluctuations. These fluctuations have resulted in volatility in the market prices of securities that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Existing circumstances may result in several of our directors having interests that may conflict with our interests. A director who has a conflict of interest with respect to an issue presented to our board will have no inherent legal obligation to abstain from voting upon that issue. We do not have provisions in our bylaws or charter that require an interested director to abstain from voting upon an issue, and we do not expect to add provisions in our charter and bylaws to this effect. Although each director has a duty to act in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests, there is a risk that, should interested directors vote upon an issue in which they or one of their affiliates has an interest, their vote may reflect a bias that could be contrary to our best interests. In addition, even if an interested director abstains from voting, the director s participation in the meeting and discussion of an issue in which he or she has, or companies with which he or she is associated have, an interest could influence the votes of other directors regarding the issue. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. We are organized under Maryland law, which provides that a director or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter eliminates our directors and officers liability to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and that is material to the cause of action. Our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for liability resulting from actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. As a result, our stockholders and we may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Authority to Issue Additional Shares . Under our charter, our board of directors may issue up to an aggregate of ten million shares of preferred stock without stockholder action. The preferred stock may be issued, in one or more series, with the preferences and other terms designated by our board of directors that may delay or prevent a change in control of us, even if the change is in the best interests of stockholders. At December 31, 2022, no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. Banking Laws . Any change in control of our company is subject to prior regulatory approval under the Bank Holding Company Act or the Change in Bank Control Act, which may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of us. FINRA . Any change in control (as defined under FINRA rules) of any of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, including through acquisition, is subject to prior regulatory approval by FINRA which may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or other change in control of such broker-dealers. Restrictions on Calling Special Meeting, Cumulative Voting and Director Removal . Our bylaws include a provision prohibiting holders that do not or have not owned, continuously for at least one year as of the record date of such proposed meeting, capital stock representing at least 15 of the shares entitled to be voted at such proposed meeting, from calling a special meeting of stockholders. Our charter does not provide for the cumulative voting in the election of directors. In addition, our charter provides that our directors may only be removed for cause and then only by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. Any amendment to our charter relating to the removal of directors requires the affirmative vote of two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. These provisions of our bylaws and charter may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change in control of us. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends or repurchase stock. In October 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized a dividend program under which we intend to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, subject to quarterly declarations by our board of directors. During 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.60 per common share. In January 2022, the Hilltop board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2023, pursuant to which the Company was authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 100.0 million of its outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. On May 2, 2022, we announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 400 million, inclusive of the 100.0 million stock repurchase program outlined above. On May 27, 2022, including the exercise of the right to purchase up to an additional 2 of our outstanding shares, we paid 442.3 million to repurchase an aggregate of approximately 14.87 million shares of common stock at a price of 29.75 per share pursuant to the tender offer. These shares were returned to the pool of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In January 2023, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2024, pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 75.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Such purchases may be subject to a nondeductible excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 equal to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased, subject to certain limitations. Any future declarations, amount and timing of any dividends and/or the amount and timing of such stock repurchases are subject to capital availability and the discretion of our board of directors, which must evaluate, among other things, whether cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all applicable laws and any agreements containing provisions that limit our ability to declare and pay cash dividends and/or repurchase stock. Our ability to pay dividends and/or repurchase stock will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hilltop, capital adequacy requirements and other regulatory restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, policies of the Federal Reserve Board, equity and debt service requirements senior to our common stock, earnings, financial condition, the general economic and regulatory climate and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the amount we spend and the number of shares we are able to repurchase under our stock repurchase program may further be affected by a number of other factors, including the stock price and blackout periods in which we are restricted from repurchasing shares. Our dividend payments and/or stock repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends and/or repurchase stock in any particular amounts or at all. A reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments, our dividend program and/or stock repurchases could have a negative effect on our stock price. An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. An investment in our common stock is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC, SIPC or any other government agency. Accordingly, you should be capable of affording the loss of any investment in our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . None. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties . The principal office for both Hilltop and the Bank since February 2020 has been located in the City of University Park, Texas. In addition to our principal office, our business segments conduct business at various locations. We have options to renew leases at most locations that we do not own. Banking. At December 31, 2022, our banking segment conducted business at 63 locations throughout Texas, including four support facilities. The Bank leases 38 banking locations, including its principal offices, and owns the remaining 25 banking locations. Broker-Dealer. At December 31, 2022, our broker-dealer segment conducted business from 40 locations in 15 states. Each of these locations is leased by Hilltop Securities. Mortgage Origination. At December 31, 2022, our mortgage origination segment conducted business from over 245 locations in 44 states. Each of these locations is leased by PrimeLending. Item 3. Legal Proceedings . For a description of material pending legal proceedings, see the discussion set forth under the heading Legal Matters in Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 PART I I Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Securities, Stockholder and Dividend Information Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HTH . At February 16, 2023, there were 64,695,467 shares of our common stock outstanding with 313 stockholders of record. In October 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized a dividend program under which we pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, subject to quarterly declarations by our board of directors. During 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.60 per common share. On January 26, 2023, we announced that our board of directors increased our quarterly dividend to 0.16 per common share. Although we expect to continue to pay dividends, we may elect not to pay dividends. Any declarations of dividends, and the amount and timing thereof, will be at the discretion of our board of directors, which must evaluate, among other things, whether cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all applicable laws and any agreements containing provisions that limit our ability to declare and pay cash dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, equity and debt service requirements senior to our common stock, earnings, financial condition, the general economic and regulatory climate and other factors beyond our control that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our dividend payments may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends in any particular amounts or at all. A reduction in or elimination of our dividend payments and/or our dividend program could have a negative effect on our stock price. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to our Common Stock There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends or repurchase stock. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information at December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued. Additional information concerning our stock-based compensation plans is presented in Note 21, Stock-Based Compensation, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of securities Number of securities remaining available for to be issued upon Weighted-average future issuance under exercise of exercise price of equity compensation plans outstanding options, outstanding options, (excluding securities Plan Category warrants and rights warrants and rights reflected in first column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,469,241 Total 2,469,241 

 Represents shares available for future issuance under the Hilltop Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). Shares may become available for awards under the 2020 Plan upon the future forfeiture, expiration, cancellation or settlement in cash of awards outstanding under the Hilltop Holdings Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities None. Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto commencing on page F-1. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Forward-Looking Statements. Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD A, to the Company, we, us, our or ours or similar words are to Hilltop Holdings Inc. and its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, references to Hilltop refer solely to Hilltop Holdings Inc., references to PCC refer to PlainsCapital Corporation (a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop), references to Securities Holdings refer to Hilltop Securities Holdings LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop), references to Hilltop Securities refer to Hilltop Securities Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Securities Holdings), references to Momentum Independent Network refer to Momentum Independent Network Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Securities Holdings), Hilltop Securities and Momentum Independent Network are collectively referred to as the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, references to the Bank refer to PlainsCapital Bank (a wholly owned subsidiary of PCC), references to FNB refer to First National Bank, references to SWS refer to the former SWS Group, Inc., references to PrimeLending refer to PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank) and its subsidiaries as a whole, references to NLC refer to National Lloyds Corporation (formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop) and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 OVERVIEW We are a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. Our primary line of business is to provide business and consumer banking services from offices located throughout Texas through the Bank. We also provide an array of financial products and services through our broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments. The following includes additional details regarding the financial products and services provided by each of our primary business units. PCC . PCC is a financial holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, traditional banking and wealth, investment and treasury management services primarily in Texas and residential mortgage loans throughout the United States. Securities Holdings . Securities Holdings is a holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, investment banking and other related financial services, including municipal advisory, sales, trading and underwriting of taxable and tax-exempt fixed income securities, clearing, securities lending, structured finance and retail brokerage services throughout the United States. The following historical consolidated data for the periods indicated has been derived from our historical consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report (dollars in thousands, except per share data and weighted average shares outstanding). 

2022 2021 2020 Statement of Operations Data: Net interest income 458,975 422,982 424,166 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 8,309 (58,213) 96,491 Total noninterest income 832,460 1,410,275 1,690,480 Total noninterest expense 1,126,999 1,387,398 1,453,803 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 156,127 504,072 564,352 Income tax expense 36,833 117,976 133,071 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 119,294 386,096 431,281 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 38,396 Net income 119,294 386,096 469,677 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 6,160 11,601 21,841 Income attributable to Hilltop 113,134 374,495 447,836 Per Share Data: Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations 1.60 4.61 4.58 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 70,626 81,173 89,304 Cash dividends declared per common share 0.60 0.48 0.36 Dividend payout ratio (1) 37.36 10.34 7.18 Book value per common share (end of year) 31.49 31.95 28.28 Tangible book value per common share (2) (end of year) 27.18 28.37 24.77 Balance Sheet Data: Total assets 16,259,282 18,689,080 16,944,264 Cash and due from banks 1,579,512 2,823,138 1,062,560 Securities 3,289,530 3,046,500 2,468,544 Loans held for sale 982,616 1,878,190 2,788,386 Loans held for investment, net of unearned income 8,092,673 7,879,904 7,693,141 Allowance for credit losses (95,442) (91,352) (149,044) Total deposits 11,315,749 12,818,077 11,242,319 Notes payable 346,654 387,904 381,987 Total stockholders equity 2,063,529 2,549,203 2,350,647 Capital Ratios (3) : Common equity to assets ratio 12.53 13.50 13.72 Tangible common equity to tangible assets (2) 11.00 12.17 12.22 

 (1) Dividend payout ratio is defined as cash dividends declared per common share divided by basic earnings per common share. (2) For a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP measure, see Reconciliation and Management s Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. (3) Ratios and financial data presented on a consolidated basis and includes discontinued operations for 2020 period. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes during 2022 included the following contributions from our reportable business segments. The banking segment contributed 219.5 million of income before income taxes during 2022; The broker-dealer segment contributed 37.8 million of income before income taxes during 2022; and The mortgage origination segment incurred 36.5 million of losses before income taxes during 2022. 
 During 2022, we paid an aggregate of 442.3 million to repurchase shares of our common stock, and declared and paid total common dividends of 43.0 million. On May 2, 2022, we announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 400 million, inclusive of our 100.0 million stock repurchase program authorized in January 2022. On May 27, 2022, including the exercise of our right to purchase up to an additional 2 of our outstanding shares, we completed our tender offer, repurchasing 14,868,469 shares of outstanding common stock at a price of 29.75 per share for a total of 442.3 million. We funded the tender offer with cash on hand. As a result of the share repurchases during 2022, we had no further available share repurchase capacity associated with our previously authorized stock repurchase program. On January 26, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per common share, a 7 increase from the prior quarter, payable on February 24, 2023 to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023. Additionally, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2024, pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 75.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Reconciliation and Management s Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures We present certain measures in our selected financial data that are not measures of financial performance recognized by GAAP. Tangible book value per common share is defined as our total stockholders equity reduced by goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by total common shares outstanding. Tangible common equity to tangible assets is defined as our total stockholders equity reduced by goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by total assets reduced by goodwill and other intangible assets. These measures are important to investors interested in changes from period to period in tangible common equity per share exclusive of changes in intangible assets. For companies such as ours that have engaged in business combinations, purchase accounting can result in the recording of significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets related to those transactions. You should not view this disclosure as a substitute for results determined in accordance with GAAP, and our disclosure is not necessarily comparable to that of other companies that use non-GAAP measures. The following table reconciles these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures, book value per common share and equity to total assets (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Book value per common share 31.49 31.95 28.28 Effect of goodwill and intangible assets per share (4.31) (3.58) (3.51) Tangible book value per common share 27.18 28.37 24.77 Hilltop stockholders equity 2,036,924 2,522,668 2,323,939 Less: goodwill and intangible assets, net 278,764 282,731 287,811 Tangible common equity 1,758,160 2,239,937 2,036,128 Total assets 16,259,282 18,689,080 16,944,264 Less: goodwill and intangible assets, net 278,764 282,731 287,811 Tangible assets 15,980,518 18,406,349 16,656,453 Equity to assets 12.53 13.50 13.72 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 11.00 12.17 12.22 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments Economic Environment Since March 2020, our operational and financial results have been volatile resulting initially from the COVID-19 crisis and then, beginning in 2022, headwinds including tight housing inventories on mortgage volumes, declining deposit balances, rapid increases in market interest rates and a declining economic forecast. The impacts of such headwinds in 2023 remain uncertain and will depend on several developments outside of our control including, among others, the timing and significance of further changes in U.S. treasury yields and mortgage interest rates, exposure to increasing funding costs, inflationary pressures associated with compensation, occupancy and software costs and labor market conditions, the Russian-Ukraine conflict and its impact on supply chains, as well as the impact of the pandemic continuing to recede. The COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental control measures severely disrupted financial markets and overall economic conditions throughout 2020. While the impact of the pandemic and the uncertainties have remained into 2022, significant progress associated with COVID-19 vaccination levels in the United States has resulted in easing of restrictive measures even as additional variants have emerged. Starting in 2020, the U.S. federal government enacted policies to provide fiscal stimulus to the economy and relief to those affected by the pandemic, with the stimulus intended to bolster household finances as well as those of small businesses, states and municipalities. Throughout the pandemic, we have taken a number of precautionary steps to safeguard our business and our employees from COVID-19, including, but not limited to, banking by appointment, implementing employee travel restrictions and telecommuting arrangements, while maintaining business continuity so that we can continue to deliver service to and meet the demands of our clients. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, we returned a majority of our employees to their respective office locations based initially on a rotational team schedule and, with limited exceptions due to the emergence of new variants of the virus, have since generally returned to pre-pandemic work arrangements with available hybrid options for designated roles. We are continuing to monitor and assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our employees and customers on a regular basis. In light of the extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets beginning in March 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 crisis and its negative impact on the economy, we took a number of precautionary actions beginning in March 2020 to enhance our financial flexibility, protect capital, minimize losses and ensure target liquidity levels. Such actions, including increasing overall cash balances by raising brokered money market and brokered time deposits and raising capital through the issuance of subordinated debt, were taken out of an abundance of caution in light of extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets beginning in March 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 crisis and its negative impact on the economy. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act (the PPP/HCE Act were passed in March 2020, which were intended to provide emergency relief to several groups and individuals impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Among the numerous provisions contained in the CARES Act was the creation of a Paycheck Protection Program PPP that provides federal government loan forgiveness for Small Business Administration SBA Section 7(a) loans for small businesses, which may include our customers, to pay up to eight weeks of employee compensation and other basic expenses. PPP loans have: (a) an interest rate of 1.0 ; (b) a two-year loan term to maturity; and (c) principal and interest payments deferred for six months from the date of disbursement. Further, the CARES Act and subsequent legislation allowed the Bank to suspend the troubled debt restructuring TDR requirements for certain loan modifications to be categorized as a TDR through January 1, 2022. Starting in March 2020, the Bank implemented several actions to better support our impacted banking clients and allow for loan modifications such as principal and/or interest payment deferrals, participation in both the initial and second round PPP efforts as an SBA preferred lender and personal banking assistance including waived fees, increased daily spending limits and suspension of residential foreclosure activities. The COVID-19 payment deferment programs allowed for a deferral of principal and/or interest payments with such deferred principal payments due and payable on the maturity date of the existing loan. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had no loans remaining under the COVID-19 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 payment deferral program. The Bank s PPP efforts included approval and funding of over 4,100 PPP loans guaranteed by the SBA and, if used by the borrower for authorized purposes, able to be fully forgiven. On October 2, 2020, the SBA began approving PPP forgiveness applications and remitting forgiveness payments to PPP lenders for PPP borrowers. The SBA approved approximately 4,100 forgiveness applications totaling approximately 896 million as a part of the Bank s PPP efforts. Asset Valuation At each reporting date between annual impairment tests, we consider potential indicators of impairment, including the condition of the economy and financial services industry; government intervention and regulatory updates; the impact of recent events to financial performance and cost factors of the reporting unit; performance of our stock and other relevant events. Specifically, our mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments have each experienced lower-than-forecasted operating results during 2022 due to conditions discussed in detail within the respective discussions of segment results that follow. Given the potential impacts as a result of the operating performance of these reporting segments and overall economic conditions, actual results may differ materially from our current estimates as the scope of such impacts evolves or if the duration of business disruptions is longer than currently anticipated. The mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments have been assigned goodwill of 13.1 million and 7.0 million, respectively. Further, as a part of the most recent quantitative analysis performed as of October 1, 2022, management s evaluation considered the sensitivities performed and the fact that the resulting estimated fair values of our mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments exceeded their respective book values by approximately 35 and 12 , respectively. Accordingly, at the conclusion of the annual assessment, the Company determined that as of October 1, 2022 it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill and other intangible assets exceeded their respective carrying values. We continue to monitor developments regarding overall economic conditions, market capitalization, and any other triggering events or circumstances that may indicate an impairment in the future. To the extent future operating performance of the mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments remain challenged and below forecasted projections, significant assumptions such as expected future cash flows or the risk-adjusted discount rate used to estimate fair value are adversely impacted, or upon the occurrence of what management would deem to be a triggering event that could, under certain circumstances, cause us to perform impairment tests on our goodwill and other intangible assets, an impairment charge may be recorded for that period. In the event that we conclude that all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets are impaired, a non-cash charge for the respective amount of such impairment would be recorded to earnings. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital or regulatory capital. Outlook As previously discussed, during 2022, we experienced economic headwinds including tight housing inventories on mortgage volumes, declining deposit balances, rapid increases in U.S. treasury yields and mortgage interest rates, and a declining economic forecast. These headwinds, coupled with exposure to increasing funding costs, inflationary pressures associated with compensation, occupancy and software costs and labor market conditions, the Russian-Ukraine conflict and its impact on supply chains within our business segments during 2022 have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our operating results during 2023. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion of the potential adverse impacts of unpredictable economic, market and business conditions on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Factors Affecting Results of Operations As a financial institution providing products and services through our banking, broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments, we are directly affected by general economic and market conditions, many of which are beyond our control and unpredictable. A key factor impacting our results of operations includes changes in the level of interest rates in addition to twists in the shape of the yield curve with the magnitude and direction of the impact varying across the different lines of business. Other factors impacting our results of operations include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in volume and price levels of securities, inflation, political events, investor confidence, investor participation levels, legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements and competition. All of these factors have the potential to impact our financial position, operating results and liquidity. In addition, the recent economic and political environment has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives, both enacted and proposed, that could substantially change the regulation of the financial services industry and may significantly impact us. Factors Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations NLC Sale On June 30, 2020, we completed the sale of all of the outstanding capital stock of NLC, which comprised the operations of our former insurance segment, for cash proceeds of 154.1 million. During 2020, Hilltop recognized an aggregate gain associated with this transaction of 36.8 million, net of 5.1 million in transaction costs and was subject to post-closing adjustments. The resulting book gain from this sale transaction was not recognized for tax purposes due to the excess tax basis over book basis being greater than the recorded book gain. Any tax loss related to this transaction is deemed disallowed pursuant to the rules under the Internal Revenue Code. We also entered into an agreement at closing to refrain for a specified period from certain activities that compete with the business of NLC. As a result, NLC s results through June 30, 2020 have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements, and we no longer have an insurance segment. Unless otherwise noted, for purposes of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, consolidated refers to our consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations, including discontinued operations and assets and liabilities of the discontinued operations. LIBOR In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced that it intends to cease compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the FCA and the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration concurrently confirmed their original intention to stop requesting banks to submit the rates required to calculate LIBOR after the 2021 calendar year and additionally announced firm target dates for the phase out of various LIBOR tenors. Pursuant to the announcement, one week and two-month LIBOR ceased to be published on December 31, 2021, and all remaining USD LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or lose representativeness immediately after June 30, 2023. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued guidance in March 2020 intended to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. Additionally, the FASB issued specific accounting guidance that permits the use of the Overnight Index Swap rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR to be designated as a benchmark interest rate for hedge accounting purposes. Certain loans we originated bear interest at a floating rate based on LIBOR. We also pay interest on certain borrowings and are counterparty to derivative agreements that are based on LIBOR and have existing contracts with payment calculations that use LIBOR as the reference rate. The cessation of publication of LIBOR will create various risks surrounding the financial, operational, compliance and legal aspects associated with changing certain elements of existing contracts. The Alternative Reference rates Committee ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to the SOFR from LIBOR, and organizations are currently working on industry-wide and company-specific transition plans as it relates to 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 derivatives and cash markets exposed to LIBOR. The ARRC has formally recommended SOFR as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. However, at this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates may become acceptable alternatives to LIBOR and it is impossible to predict the effect of any such alternatives on the value of LIBOR-based securities and variable rate loans, or other securities or financial arrangements, given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally. We have completed our targeted assessment of exposures across the organization associated with the migration away from LIBOR and have transitioned to the impact assessment and implementation stages. In light of the above described changes to the LIBOR phase out dates being pushed out to 2023, we have taken necessary actions, including the negotiation of certain of our agreements based on established alternative benchmark rates. Since the third quarter of 2020, PrimeLending has been originating conventional adjustable-rate mortgage, or ARM, loan products utilizing a SOFR rate with terms consistent with government-sponsored enterprise, or GSE, guidelines. In addition, the Bank s management team has significantly completed its efforts to amend LIBOR-based contractual terms and establish an alternative benchmark rate. We also continue to evaluate the impacts of the LIBOR phase-out and transition requirements as it pertains to contracts, models and systems. To date, an immaterial amount of expenses have been incurred as a result of our efforts related to the transition of our systems and processes away from LIBOR. Brokered Deposits In December 2020, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC finalized revisions to its rules and prior guidance regarding brokered deposits (the Revisions ). The Revisions are intended to modernize the FDIC s framework for regulating brokered deposits and ensure that the classification of a deposit as brokered appropriately reflects changes in the banking landscape. In addition, the Revisions are intended to modify the interest rate restrictions applicable to certain depository institutions and clarify the application of the brokered deposit requirements to non-maturity deposits. The Revisions became effective on April 1, 2021, but full compliance was not required during a transitionary period ended January 1, 2022. We evaluated the Revisions and published FDIC guidance and effective January 1, 2022, after consulting with the FDIC, continue to treat deposits swept to the banking segment from the broker-dealer segment as non-brokered, while the cost of these sweep deposits will be based on a current market rate of interest rather than a per account fee. Company Background From January 2007 until November 2012, our primary operations were limited to providing fire and homeowners insurance to low value dwellings and manufactured homes primarily in Texas and other areas of the southern United States through NLC s wholly owned insurance subsidiaries. As previously discussed, on June 30, 2020, we completed the sale of all of the outstanding capital stock of NLC. On November 30, 2012, we acquired PlainsCapital Corporation pursuant to a plan of merger whereby PlainsCapital Corporation merged with and into our wholly owned subsidiary (the PlainsCapital Merger ), which continued as the surviving entity under the name PlainsCapital Corporation . Concurrent with the consummation of the PlainsCapital Merger, Hilltop became a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. On September 13, 2013 (the Bank Closing Date ), the Bank assumed substantially all of the liabilities, including all of the deposits, and acquired substantially all of the assets of Edinburg, Texas-based FNB from the FDIC, as receiver, and reopened former branches of FNB acquired from the FDIC under the PlainsCapital Bank name (the FNB Transaction ). On January 1, 2015, we acquired SWS in a stock and cash transaction (the SWS Merger ), whereby SWS s broker-dealer subsidiaries became subsidiaries of Securities Holdings and SWS s banking subsidiary, Southwest Securities, FSB, was merged into the Bank. On October 5, 2015, Southwest Securities, Inc. was renamed Hilltop Securities Inc. On August 1, 2018, we acquired privately-held, Houston-based BORO in an all-cash transaction BORO Acquisition ). In connection with the BORO Acquisition, we merged BORO into the Bank, and all customer accounts were converted to the PlainsCapital Bank platform. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Segment Information As previously discussed, on June 30, 2020, we completed the sale of all of the outstanding capital stock of NLC, which comprised the operations of the former insurance segment. As a result, insurance segment results through June 30, 2020 have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements, and we no longer have an insurance segment. Additional details are presented in Note 3, Discontinued Operations, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Following the above-noted sale of NLC, we have two primary business units within continuing operations, PCC (banking and mortgage origination) and Securities Holdings (broker-dealer). Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), our continuing operations business units are comprised of three reportable business segments organized primarily by the core products offered to the segments respective customers: banking, broker-dealer and mortgage origination. Consistent with our historical segment operating results, we anticipate that future revenues will be driven primarily from the banking segment, with the remainder being generated by our broker-dealer and mortgage origination segments. Operating results for the mortgage origination segment have historically been more volatile than operating results for the banking and broker-dealer segments. The banking segment includes the operations of the Bank. The banking segment primarily provides business and consumer banking services from offices located throughout Texas and generates revenue from its portfolio of earning assets. The Bank s results of operations are primarily dependent on net interest income. The Bank also derives revenue from other sources, including service charges on customer deposit accounts and trust fees. The broker-dealer segment includes the operations of Securities Holdings, which operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries Hilltop Securities, Momentum Independent Network and Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC. The broker-dealer segment generates a majority of its revenues from fees and commissions earned from investment advisory and securities brokerage services. Hilltop Securities is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and a member of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). Momentum Independent Network is an introducing broker-dealer that is also registered with the SEC and FINRA. Hilltop Securities, Momentum Independent Network and Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC are registered investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The mortgage origination segment includes the operations of PrimeLending, which offers a variety of loan products and generates revenue predominantly from fees charged on the origination and servicing of loans and from selling these loans in the secondary market. Corporate includes certain activities not allocated to specific business segments. These activities include holding company financing and investing activities, merchant banking investment opportunities, and management and administrative services to support the overall operations of the Company. The eliminations of intercompany transactions are included in All Other and Eliminations. Additional information concerning our reportable segments is presented in Note 28, Segment and Related Information, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents certain information about the continuing operating results of our reportable segments (in thousands). This table serves as a basis for the discussion and analysis in the segment operating results sections that follow. 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 vs 2021 Variance 2021 vs 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Net interest income (expense): Banking 413,603 406,524 390,871 7,079 2 15,653 4 Broker-Dealer 51,597 43,296 39,912 8,301 19 3,384 8 Mortgage Origination (10,529) (20,400) (10,489) 9,871 48 (9,911) (94) Corporate (13,135) (17,239) (14,192) 4,104 24 (3,047) (21) All Other and Eliminations 17,439 10,801 18,064 6,638 61 (7,263) (40) Hilltop Continuing Operations 458,975 422,982 424,166 35,993 9 (1,184) (0) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses: Banking 8,250 (58,175) 96,326 66,425 NM (154,501) NM Broker-Dealer 59 (38) 165 97 NM (203) NM Mortgage Origination - - Corporate - - All Other and Eliminations - - Hilltop Continuing Operations 8,309 (58,213) 96,491 66,522 NM (154,704) NM Noninterest income: Banking 49,307 45,113 41,376 4,194 9 3,737 9 Broker-Dealer 341,943 381,125 491,355 (39,182) (10) (110,230) (22) Mortgage Origination 452,915 986,990 1,172,450 (534,075) (54) (185,460) (16) Corporate 7,525 9,133 3,945 (1,608) (18) 5,188 132 All Other and Eliminations (19,230) (12,086) (18,646) (7,144) (59) 6,560 35 Hilltop Continuing Operations 832,460 1,410,275 1,690,480 (577,815) (41) (280,205) (17) Noninterest expense: Banking 235,190 226,915 232,447 8,275 4 (5,532) (2) Broker-Dealer 355,713 380,798 415,463 (25,085) (7) (34,665) (8) Mortgage Origination 478,904 731,056 753,917 (252,152) (34) (22,861) (3) Corporate 59,030 50,507 53,040 8,523 17 (2,533) (5) All Other and Eliminations (1,838) (1,878) (1,064) 40 2 (814) (77) Hilltop Continuing Operations 1,126,999 1,387,398 1,453,803 (260,399) (19) (66,405) (5) Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes: Banking 219,470 282,897 103,474 (63,427) (22) 179,423 173 Broker-Dealer 37,768 43,661 115,639 (5,893) (13) (71,978) (62) Mortgage Origination (36,518) 235,534 408,044 (272,052) (116) (172,510) (42) Corporate (64,640) (58,613) (63,287) (6,027) (10) 4,674 7 All Other and Eliminations 47 593 482 (546) (92) 111 23 Hilltop Continuing Operations 156,127 504,072 564,352 (347,945) (69) (60,280) (11) 

 NM Not meaningful Key Performance Indicators We utilize several key indicators of financial condition and operating performance to evaluate the various aspects of our business. In addition to traditional financial metrics, such as revenue and growth trends, we monitor several other financial measures and non-financial operating metrics to help us evaluate growth trends, measure the adequacy of our capital based on regulatory reporting requirements, measure the effectiveness of our operations and assess operational efficiencies. These indicators change from time to time as the opportunities and challenges in our businesses change. Specifically, performance ratios and asset quality ratios are typically used for measuring the performance of banking and financial institutions. We consider return on average stockholders equity, return on average assets and net interest margin to be important supplemental measures of operating performance that are commonly used by securities analysts, investors and other parties interested in the banking and financial industry. The net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans outstanding ratio is also considered a key measure for our banking segment as it indicates the performance of our loan portfolio. In addition, we consider regulatory capital ratios to be key measures that are used by us, as well as banking regulators, investors and analysts, to assess our regulatory capital position and to compare our regulatory capital to that of other financial services companies. We monitor our capital strength in terms of both leverage ratio and risk-based capital ratios 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 based on capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. The risk-based capital ratios are minimum supervisory ratios generally applicable to banking organizations, but banking organizations are widely expected to operate with capital positions well above the minimum ratios. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. How We Generate Revenue We generate revenue from net interest income and from noninterest income. Net interest income represents the difference between the income earned on our assets, including our loans and investment securities, and our cost of funds, including the interest paid on the deposits and borrowings that are used to support our assets. Net interest income is a significant contributor to our operating results. Fluctuations in interest rates, as well as the amounts and types of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities we hold, affect net interest income. We generated 459.0 million in net interest income during 2022, compared with net interest income of 423.0 million and 424.2 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in net interest income during 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily due to increases within each of our mortgage origination, broker-dealer and banking segments. The other component of our revenue is noninterest income, which is primarily comprised of the following: (i) Income from broker-dealer operations. Through Securities Holdings, we provide investment banking and other related financial services that generated 266.5 million, 296.3 million and 274.0 million in securities commissions and fees and investment and securities advisory fees and commissions, and 61.1 million, 75.2 million and 203.1 million in gains from derivative and trading portfolio activities (included within other noninterest income) during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (ii) Income from mortgage operations. Through PrimeLending, we generate noninterest income by originating and selling mortgage loans. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated 452.0 million, 986.0 million and 1.2 billion, respectively, in net gains from sale of loans, other mortgage production income (including income associated with retained mortgage servicing rights), and mortgage loan origination fees. 
 In the aggregate, we generated 0.8 billion, 1.4 billion and 1.7 billion in noninterest income during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in noninterest income from continuing operations during 2022, compared with 2021, was predominantly attributable to a decrease of 534.0 million in net gains from sale of loans, other mortgage production income and mortgage loan origination fees within our mortgage origination segment and a decrease of 14.1 million in gains from derivative and trading portfolio activities within our broker-dealer segment. We also incur noninterest expenses in the operation of our businesses. Our businesses engage in labor intensive activities and, consequently, employees compensation and benefits represent the majority of our noninterest expenses. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Operating Results Income from continuing operations applicable to common stockholders during 2022 was 113.1 million, or 1.60 per diluted share, compared with 374.5 million, or 4.61 per diluted share, during 2021, and 409.4 million, or 4.58 per diluted share, during 2020. Hilltop s financial results from continuing operations during 2022 included a significant decrease in year-over-year mortgage origination segment net gains from sales of loans and other mortgage production income, while the banking segment recorded a provision for credit losses as opposed to a reversal of credit losses in the prior year. Hilltop s financial results from continuing operations during 2021 reflected a significant decrease in year-over-year mortgage origination segment net gains from sales of loans and other mortgage production income as well as declines in net revenues within the broker-dealer segment s structured finance business and fixed income services lines, while the banking segment reflected positive changes in macroeconomic and loan expected loss rates during 2021 as opposed to a significant build in the allowance for credit losses given the market disruption and economic uncertainties caused by COVID-19 during 2020. Including income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, income applicable to common stockholders was 447.8 million, or 5.01 per diluted share, during 2020. Certain items included in net income during 2022, 2021 and 2020 resulted from purchase accounting associated with the PlainsCapital Merger, the FNB Transaction, the SWS Merger and the BORO Acquisition (collectively, the Bank Transactions ). Income before income taxes during 2022, 2021 and 2020 included net accretion on earning assets and liabilities of 10.8 million, 19.2 million and 18.9 million, respectively, and amortization of identifiable intangibles of 4.5 million, 5.2 million and 6.3 million, respectively, related to the Bank Transactions. The information shown in the table below includes certain key performance indicators on a consolidated basis. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on average stockholders equity (1) 5.11 15.38 20.03 Return on average assets (2) 0.69 2.17 2.88 Net interest margin (3) (4) 2.87 2.57 2.85 Leverage ratio (5) (end of year) 11.47 12.58 12.64 Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (6) (end of year) 18.23 21.22 18.97 

 (1) Return on average stockholders equity is defined as consolidated income attributable to Hilltop divided by average total Hilltop stockholders equity. (2) Return on average assets is defined as consolidated net income divided by average assets. (3) Net interest margin is defined as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. We consider net interest margin as a key indicator of profitability as it represents interest earned on our interest-earning assets compared to interest incurred. (4) The securities financing operations within our broker-dealer segment had the effect of lowering both net interest margin and taxable equivalent net interest margin by 21 basis points, 16 basis points and 25 basis points during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (5) The leverage ratio is a regulatory capital ratio and is defined as Tier 1 risk-based capital divided by average consolidated assets. (6) The common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is a regulatory capital ratio and is defined as common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital divided by risk weighted assets. Common equity includes common equity Tier 1 capital (common stockholders equity and certain minority interests in the equity capital accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, but excluding goodwill and various intangible assets) and additional Tier 1 capital (certain qualifying minority interests not included in common equity Tier 1 capital, certain preferred stock and related surplus, and certain subordinated debt). We present net interest margin and net interest income below on a taxable-equivalent basis. Net interest margin (taxable equivalent), a non-GAAP measure, is defined as taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average interest earning assets. Taxable equivalent adjustments are based on the applicable corporate federal income tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. The interest income earned on certain earning assets is completely or partially exempt from federal income tax. As such, these tax-exempt instruments typically yield lower returns than taxable investments. To provide more meaningful comparisons of net interest margins for all earning assets, we use net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating net interest margin by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchase accounting contributed 7, 12 and 14 basis points, respectively, to our consolidated taxable equivalent net interest margin of 2.88 , 2.58 and 2.85 , respectively. The purchase accounting activity is primarily related to the accretion of discount of loans which totaled 10.5 million, 18.8 million and 18.8 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, associated with the Bank Transactions. The table below provides additional details regarding our consolidated net interest income (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Interest Annualized Average Interest Annualized Average Interest Annualized Outstanding Earned Yield or Outstanding Earned Yield or Outstanding Earned Yield or Balance or Paid Rate Balance or Paid Rate Balance or Paid Rate Assets Interest-earning assets Loans held for sale 1,221,235 52,315 4.28 2,293,543 64,767 2.82 2,306,203 74,467 3.23 Loans held for investment, gross (1) 7,840,848 363,892 4.71 7,645,292 339,548 4.44 7,618,723 358,844 4.71 Investment securities - taxable 2,819,282 75,805 2.69 2,493,848 47,582 1.91 1,897,859 49,936 2.63 Investment securities - non-taxable (2) 310,315 11,608 3.74 313,703 11,448 3.65 231,824 7,918 3.42 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 162,575 4,098 2.52 152,273 372 0.24 90,961 138 0.15 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 2,306,960 31,705 1.37 2,078,666 2,942 0.14 1,257,902 3,165 0.25 Securities borrowed 1,298,276 44,414 3.37 1,445,464 61,667 4.21 1,435,572 51,360 3.58 Other 55,280 8,873 16.05 50,929 3,332 6.54 59,412 3,687 6.21 Interest-earning assets, gross (2) 16,014,771 592,710 3.70 16,473,718 531,658 3.23 14,898,456 549,515 3.69 Allowance for credit losses (92,828) (129,689) (122,148) Interest-earning assets, net 15,921,943 16,344,029 14,776,308 Noninterest-earning assets 1,488,970 1,451,928 1,537,269 Total assets 17,410,913 17,795,957 16,313,577 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits 7,561,501 50,412 0.67 7,722,584 23,624 0.31 7,397,121 47,040 0.64 Securities loaned 1,184,498 38,570 3.26 1,374,142 50,974 3.71 1,336,873 42,817 3.20 Notes payable and other borrowings 1,293,133 43,158 3.34 1,216,381 32,393 2.66 1,222,044 33,249 2.72 Total interest-bearing liabilities 10,039,132 132,140 1.32 10,313,107 106,991 1.04 9,956,038 123,106 1.24 Noninterest-bearing liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,455,779 4,157,962 3,304,475 Other liabilities 675,628 863,976 791,002 Total liabilities 15,170,539 15,335,045 14,051,515 Stockholders equity 2,213,733 2,435,185 2,235,690 Noncontrolling interest 26,641 25,727 26,372 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 17,410,913 17,795,957 16,313,577 Net interest income (2) 460,570 424,667 426,409 Net interest spread (2) 2.38 2.19 2.45 Net interest margin (2) 2.88 2.58 2.85 

 (1) Average balance includes non-accrual loans. (2) Presented on a taxable equivalent basis with taxable equivalent adjustments based on the applicable corporate federal income tax rate of 21 for the periods presented. The adjustment to interest income was 1.6 million, 1.7 million and 1.2 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The banking segment s net interest margin exceeds our consolidated net interest margin shown above. Our consolidated net interest margin includes certain items that are not reflected in the calculation of our net interest margin within our banking segment and reduce our consolidated net interest margin, such as the borrowing costs of Hilltop and the yields and costs associated with certain items within interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, such as securities borrowed in the broker-dealer segment and securities loaned in the broker-dealer segment, including items related to securities financing operations that particularly decrease net interest margin. In addition, yields and costs on certain interest-earning assets, such as lines of credit extended to other operating segments by the banking segment, are eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. Our consolidated net interest margins during 2020 and, to a lesser 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 extent, 2021 were also negatively impacted by certain actions taken by management during 2020 to strengthen our available liquidity position. Such actions, including increasing overall cash balances by raising brokered money market and brokered time deposits and raising capital through the issuance of subordinated debt, were taken out of an abundance of caution in light of extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets beginning in March 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 crisis and its negative impact on the economy. On a consolidated basis, the changes in net interest income from continuing operations during 2022, compared with 2021, were primarily due to the effects of volume and rate changes within the mortgage warehouse lending, securities and deposits portfolios within the banking segment, increased net yields on mortgage loans held for sale and decreases in average warehouse line balance with an unaffiliate bank within the mortgage origination segment and changes within the broker-dealer segment related to its structured finance and fixed income services business lines. Refer to the discussion in the Banking Segment section that follows for more details on the changes in net interest income, including the component changes in the volume of average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in the rates earned or paid on those items. The provision for (reversal of) credit losses is determined by management as the amount necessary to maintain the allowance for credit losses at the amount of expected credit losses inherent within the loans held for investment portfolio. The amount of expense and the corresponding level of allowance for credit losses for loans are based on our evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio based on historical loss experience, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and other significant qualitative and quantitative factors. Substantially all of our consolidated provision for (reversal of) credit losses is related to the banking segment. During 2022, the provision for credit losses was driven by a deteriorating U.S. economic outlook since December 31, 2021. During 2021, the reversal of credit losses was primarily impacted by the banking segment s reduction in reserves associated with collectively evaluated loans within the portfolio attributable to improvements in both macroeconomic forecast assumptions and credit quality metrics on COVID-19 impacted industry sector exposures primarily related to the economic uncertainties during the prior year. Refer to the discussion in the Financial Condition Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans section that follows for more details regarding the significant assumptions and estimates involved in estimating credit losses. Noninterest income from continuing operations decreased during 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to decreases in total mortgage loan sales volume and average loan sales margin within our mortgage origination segment, and net declines in investment advisory fees and trading gains primarily within the broker-dealer segment s public finance services and structured finance business lines. The decrease in noninterest income from continuing operations during 2021, compared with 2020, was primarily due to changes in net fair value and related derivative activity and a decrease in average loan sales margin, partially offset by a slight increase in total mortgage loan sales volume within our mortgage origination segment, as well as decreases in structured finance and fixed income services net revenues within our broker-dealer segment. Noninterest expense from continuing operations decreased during 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to decreases in both variable and non-variable compensation within our mortgage origination segment associated with the decreased mortgage loan originations, and a decline in variable compensation within our broker-dealer segment, partially offset by increases within our banking segment. We have experienced an increase in certain noninterest expenses during 2022, including compensation, occupancy, and software costs, due to inflationary pressures. We expect such inflationary headwinds to continue and result in higher fixed costs into 2023. The decrease in noninterest expense from continuing operations during 2021, compared with 2020, was primarily due to decreases in both variable and non-variable compensation within our mortgage origination segment associated with the decreased mortgage loan originations, and a decline in variable compensation within our broker-dealer segment. Effective income tax rates from continuing operations were 23.6 , 23.4 and 23.6 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and approximated statutory rates including the effect of investments in tax-exempt instruments, offset by nondeductible expenses. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Segment Results from Continuing Operations Banking Segment The following table presents certain information about the operating results of our banking segment (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Net interest income 413,603 406,524 390,871 7,079 15,653 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 8,250 (58,175) 96,326 66,425 (154,501) Noninterest income 49,307 45,113 41,376 4,194 3,737 Noninterest expense 235,190 226,915 232,447 8,275 (5,532) Income before income taxes 219,470 282,897 103,474 (63,427) 179,423 The decrease in income before income taxes during 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily due to the impact of reversals of credit losses throughout 2021 and the combined impact of net interest income volume and rate changes within the loans held for investment and mortgage warehouse lending portfolios. Changes to net interest income related to the component changes in the volume of average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in the rates earned or paid on those items are discussed in more detail below. The information shown in the table below includes certain key indicators of the performance and asset quality of our banking segment. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Efficiency ratio (1) 50.81 50.25 53.78 Return on average assets (2) 1.19 1.55 0.63 Net interest margin (3) 3.11 3.07 3.31 Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans outstanding (4) (0.06) 0.01 (0.30) 

 (1) Efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expenses divided by the sum of total noninterest income and net interest income for the period. We consider the efficiency ratio to be a measure of the banking segment s profitability. (2) Return on average assets is defined as net income divided by average assets. (3) Net interest margin is defined as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. We consider net interest margin as a key indicator of profitability, as it represents interest earned on interest-earning assets compared to interest incurred. (4) Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans outstanding is defined as the greater of recoveries or charge-offs during the reported period minus charge-offs or recoveries divided by average loans outstanding. We use the ratio to measure the credit performance of our loan portfolio. The banking segment presents net interest margin and net interest income in the following discussion and table below, on a taxable equivalent basis. Net interest margin (taxable equivalent), a non-GAAP measure, is defined as taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Taxable equivalent adjustments are based on the applicable corporate federal income tax rates of 21 for all periods presented. The interest income earned on certain earning assets is completely or partially exempt from federal income tax. As such, these tax-exempt instruments typically yield lower returns than taxable investments. To provide more meaningful comparisons of net interest margins for all earning assets, we use net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis in calculating net interest margin by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchase accounting contributed 9, 16 and 18 basis points, respectively, to the banking segment s taxable equivalent net interest margin of 3.11 , 3.08 and 3.31 , respectively. These purchase accounting items are primarily related to accretion of discount of loans associated with the Bank Transactions as discussed in the Consolidated Operating Results section. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 The table below provides additional details regarding our banking segment s net interest income (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Interest Annualized Average Interest Annualized Average Interest Annualized Outstanding Earned Yield or Outstanding Earned Yield or Outstanding Earned Yield or Balance or Paid Rate Balance or Paid Rate Balance or Paid Rate Assets Interest-earning assets Loans held for investment, gross (1) 7,371,397 339,356 4.60 7,069,485 323,136 4.57 7,152,783 341,383 4.77 Subsidiary warehouse lines of credit 1,128,576 58,153 5.08 2,124,700 80,761 3.75 2,073,087 79,488 3.83 Investment securities - taxable 2,377,483 45,282 1.90 2,026,189 29,215 1.44 1,377,578 27,651 2.01 Investment securities - non-taxable (2) 109,911 3,871 3.52 114,118 3,905 3.42 111,471 3,789 3.40 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 118,686 2,190 1.87 30,395 89 0.30 460 1 0.18 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 2,174,529 31,705 1.46 1,837,196 2,459 0.13 1,038,647 1,888 0.18 Other 36,843 3,876 10.52 36,813 460 1.25 42,977 377 0.88 Interest-earning assets, gross (2) 13,317,425 484,433 3.64 13,238,896 440,025 3.32 11,797,003 454,577 3.85 Allowance for credit losses (92,377) (129,303) (121,770) Interest-earning assets, net 13,225,048 13,109,593 11,675,233 Noninterest-earning assets 919,618 966,296 967,690 Total assets 14,144,666 14,075,889 12,642,923 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing deposits 7,379,265 63,148 0.86 7,578,963 30,988 0.41 7,306,143 60,297 0.83 Notes payable and other borrowings 311,735 6,864 2.20 142,705 1,586 1.11 205,448 2,642 1.29 Total interest-bearing liabilities 7,691,000 70,012 0.91 7,721,668 32,574 0.42 7,511,591 62,939 0.84 Noninterest-bearing liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,695,265 4,512,227 3,412,212 Other liabilities 145,272 155,979 128,795 Total liabilities 12,531,537 12,389,874 11,052,598 Stockholders equity 1,613,129 1,686,015 1,590,325 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 14,144,666 14,075,889 12,642,923 Net interest income (2) 414,421 407,451 391,638 Net interest spread (2) 2.73 2.90 3.01 Net interest margin (2) 3.11 3.08 3.31 

 (1) Average balance includes non-accrual loans. (2) Presented on a taxable equivalent basis with taxable equivalent adjustments based on the applicable corporate federal income tax rates of 21 for all periods presented. The adjustment to interest income was 0.8 million, 0.8 million and 0.8 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The banking segment s net interest margin exceeds our consolidated net interest margin. Our consolidated net interest margin includes certain items that are not reflected in the calculation of our net interest margin within our banking segment and reduce our consolidated net interest margin, such as the borrowing costs of Hilltop and the yields and costs associated with certain items within interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, such as securities borrowed in the broker-dealer segment and securities loaned in the broker-dealer segment, including items related to securities financing operations that particularly decrease net interest margin. In addition, yields and costs on certain interest-earning assets, such as lines of credit extended to other operating segments by the banking segment, are eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. The banking segment s net interest margins during 2021 and 2020 were negatively impacted by certain actions taken by management during 2020 to strengthen the Bank s available liquidity position. Such actions, including increasing overall cash balances by raising brokered money market and brokered time deposits were taken out of an abundance of caution in light of the extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets beginning in March 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 crisis and its negative impact on the economy. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes the changes in the banking segment s net interest income for the periods indicated below, including the component changes in the volume of average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in the rates earned or paid on those items (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Change Due To (1) Change Due To (1) Volume Yield/Rate Change Volume Yield/Rate Change Interest income Loans held for investment, gross (2) 13,797 2,423 16,220 (3,973) (14,274) (18,247) Subsidiary warehouse lines of credit (3) (37,355) 14,747 (22,608) 1,979 (706) 1,273 Investment securities - taxable 5,059 11,008 16,067 13,019 (11,455) 1,564 Investment securities - non-taxable (4) (144) 110 (34) 90 26 116 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 265 1,836 2,101 55 33 88 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 439 28,807 29,246 1,451 (880) 571 Other 3,416 3,416 (54) 137 83 Total interest income (4) (17,939) 62,347 44,408 12,567 (27,119) (14,552) Interest expense Deposits (819) 32,979 32,160 2,252 (31,561) (29,309) Notes payable and other borrowings 1,876 3,402 5,278 (807) (249) (1,056) Total interest expense 1,057 36,381 37,438 1,445 (31,810) (30,365) Net interest income (4) (18,996) 25,966 6,970 11,122 4,691 15,813 

 (1) Changes attributable to both volume and yield/rate are included in yield/rate column. (2) Changes in the yields earned on loans held for investment, gross included a decline during 2022, compared with 2021, of 16.6 million, compared with an increase of 11.5 million during 2021, compared with 2020, in PPP loan-related fee income, while changes in accretion of discount on loans during 2022, compared with 2021, included a decline of 8.3 million. The change in accretion of discount on loans during 2021, compared with 2020, was de minimis. Accretion of discount on loans is expected to decrease in future periods as loans acquired in the Bank Transaction are repaid, refinanced or renewed. (3) Subsidiary warehouse lines of credit extended to PrimeLending are eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. (4) Annualized taxable equivalent. With regard to net interest income, as of December 31, 2022, the banking segment maintained an asset sensitive rate risk position, meaning the amount of its interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a given period exceeds the amount of its interest-bearing liabilities also maturing or repricing within that time period. During a period of rising interest rates, being asset sensitive tends to result in an increase in net interest income, but during a period of declining interest rates, tends to result in a decrease in net interest income. Our portfolio includes loans that periodically reprice or mature prior to the end of an amortized term. The extent and timing of this impact on interest income will ultimately be driven by the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate and yield curve movements, as well as changes in market conditions and timing of management strategies. At December 31, 2022, approximately 734 million of our floating rate loans held for investment remained at or below their applicable rate floor, exclusive of our mortgage warehouse lending program, of which approximately 80 are not scheduled to reprice for more than one year based upon agreed-upon terms. If interest rates rise further, yields on the portion of our loan portfolio that remain at applicable rate floors would rise more slowly than increases in market interest rates, unless such loans are refinanced or repaid. Competition for loan growth could also continue to put pressure on new loan origination rates. If interest rates were to fall, the impact on our interest income for certain variable-rate loans would be limited by these rate floors. Additionally, within our banking segment, the composition of the deposit base and ultimate cost of funds on deposits and net interest income are affected by the level of market interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by competitors, the volatility of equity markets and other factors. Deposit products and pricing structures relative to the market are regularly evaluated to maintain competitiveness over time. During a period of rising interest rates, the cost of 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 funds on deposits, and therefore, interest expense, tends to increase. Currently, given the ongoing competition for liquidity by some participants in our markets, we expect that the Bank s interest expense related to certain deposits will continue to increase during 2023 as customers seek higher yields on deposits. To help mitigate net interest income spread compression between our assets and liabilities as the Federal Reserve increases interest rates, management continues to execute certain derivative trades, as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, that benefit the banking segment as interest rates rise. Any changes in interest rates across the term structure will continue to impact net interest income and net interest margin. The impact of rate movements will change with the shape of the yield curve, including any changes in steepness or flatness and inversions at any points on the yield curve. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the banking segment retained approximately 532 million, 778 million and 193 million, respectively, in mortgage loans originated by the mortgage origination segment. These loans are purchased by the banking segment at par. For origination services provided, the banking segment reimburses the mortgage origination segment for direct origination costs associated with these mortgage loans, in addition to payment of a correspondent fee. The correspondent fees are eliminated in consolidation. The determination of mortgage loan retention levels by the banking segment will be impacted by, among other things, an ongoing review of the prevailing mortgage rates, balance sheet positioning at Hilltop and the banking segment s outlook for commercial loan growth. The banking segment s provision for (reversal of) credit losses has been subject to significant year-over-year and quarterly changes primarily attributable to the effects of the changing economic outlook, macroeconomic forecast assumptions and resulting impact on reserves. Specifically, during 2022, the banking segment s provision for credit losses was driven by a deteriorating U.S. economic outlook since December 31, 2021. The change in the allowance during 2022 was also impacted by net charge-offs of 4.2 million. During 2021, the banking segment had net reversals of credit losses on expected losses of collectively evaluated loans of 58.3 million, primarily due to improvements in both macroeconomic forecast assumptions and credit quality metrics on COVID-19 impacted industry sector exposures. The change in the allowance during 2021 was also impacted by net recoveries of 0.5 million. During 2020, the significant build in the allowance included provision for credit losses on individually evaluated loans of 20.1 million, while the provision for credit losses on expected losses of collectively evaluated loans accounted for 76.1 million of the total provision primarily due to the increase in the expected lifetime credit losses under CECL attributable to the deteriorating economic outlook associated with the impact of the market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The change in the allowance during 2020 was also impacted by net charge-offs of 21.1 million, primarily associated with loans specifically reserved for during the first quarter of 2020. The changes in the allowance for credit losses during the noted periods also reflected other factors including, but not limited to, loan growth, loan mix, and changes in risk grades. Refer to the discussion in the Financial Condition Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans section that follows for more details regarding the significant assumptions and estimates involved in estimating credit losses. The banking segment s noninterest income increased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to increased wealth management fees. Noninterest income during 2021, compared to 2020, increased primarily due to increased service charges on depositor accounts and wealth management fees. The banking segment s noninterest expenses increased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in expenses associated with employees compensation and benefits and professional fees. The noninterest expenses decreased during 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to the decrease in the allowance for unfunded commitments attributable to year-over-year improvements in loan expected loss rates as well as reductions in legal and other real estate owned OREO expenses, partially offset by increases in FDIC assessment and software related expense. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Broker-Dealer Segment The following table provides additional details regarding our broker-dealer segment operating results (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Net interest income: Wealth management: Securities lending 5,844 10,693 8,544 (4,849) 2,149 Clearing services 7,598 7,314 6,916 284 398 Structured finance 6,680 2,857 5,430 3,823 (2,573) Fixed income services 19,096 19,249 12,173 (153) 7,076 Other 12,379 3,183 6,849 9,196 (3,666) Total net interest income 51,597 43,296 39,912 8,301 3,384 Noninterest income: Securities commissions and fees by business line (1) : Fixed income services 32,893 47,844 49,573 (14,951) (1,729) Wealth management: Retail 76,213 73,149 69,718 3,064 3,431 Clearing services 28,749 22,478 30,018 6,271 (7,540) Structured finance 11,216 3,275 1,824 7,941 1,451 Other 3,684 4,016 4,761 (332) (745) 152,755 150,762 155,894 1,993 (5,132) Investment and securities advisory fees and commissions by business line: Public finance services 86,573 108,372 96,186 (21,799) 12,186 Fixed income services 7,143 8,442 6,395 (1,299) 2,047 Wealth management: Retail 30,744 31,453 24,023 (709) 7,430 Clearing services 1,741 1,945 1,649 (204) 296 Structured finance 863 1,850 2,732 (987) (882) Other 335 381 342 (46) 39 127,399 152,443 131,327 (25,044) 21,116 Other: Structured finance 47,192 77,424 157,465 (30,232) (80,041) Fixed income services 13,698 (2,197) 45,365 15,895 (47,562) Other 899 2,693 1,304 (1,794) 1,389 61,789 77,920 204,134 (16,131) (126,214) Total noninterest income 341,943 381,125 491,355 (39,182) (110,230) Net revenue (2) 393,540 424,421 531,267 (30,881) (106,846) Noninterest expense: Variable compensation (3) 138,705 161,264 205,464 (22,559) (44,200) Non-variable compensation and benefits 112,440 114,912 106,932 (2,472) 7,980 Segment operating costs (4) 104,627 104,584 103,232 43 1,352 Total noninterest expense 355,772 380,760 415,628 (24,988) (34,868) Income before income taxes 37,768 43,661 115,639 (5,893) (71,978) 

 (1) Securities commissions and fees includes income of 13.6 million, 6.9 million, and 13.2 million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, that is eliminated in consolidation. (2) Net revenue is defined as the sum of total net interest income and total noninterest income. We consider net revenue to be a key performance measure in the evaluation of the broker-dealer segment s financial position and operating performance as we believe it is a primary revenue performance measure used by investors and analysts. Net revenue provides for some level of comparability of trends across the financial services industry as it reflects both noninterest income, including investment and securities advisory fees and commissions, as well as net interest income. Internally, we assess the broker-dealer segment s performance on a revenue basis for comparability with our banking segment. (3) Variable compensation represents performance-based commissions and incentives. (4) Segment operating costs include provision for credit losses associated with the broker-dealer segment within other noninterest expenses. During 2022, the change in net revenue and income before income taxes was primarily related to the combined impacts of the rising interest rate environment and market turbulence, which impacted period-over-period customer demand and volumes within our various business lines. Specifically, the broker-dealer segment s structured finance business line experienced a decline in year-over-year net revenues due to lower production volumes and continued rate volatility. The decrease in net revenues in the broker-dealer segment s public finance business line was due to the unfavorable issuance trends both nationally and in Texas in 2022, compared to 2021. The wealth management business line s net revenue increased in 2022, compared to 2021, as customer balance revenues increased despite weaker retail division production due to higher rates and an overall decline in the equity markets. The decrease in the fixed income services business line s net revenues primarily resulted from declines within the taxable fixed income division as a result of lower customer demand and a less favorable trading environment given higher interest rates. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the revenue declines previously noted during 2022, compared to 2021, within our public finance and structured finance business lines and commission revenue declines within our wealth management business line were the primary drivers of the significant decrease in variable compensation. The broker-dealer segment is subject to interest rate risk as a consequence of maintaining inventory positions, trading in interest rate sensitive financial instruments and maintaining a matched stock loan book. Changes in interest rates are likely to have a meaningful impact on our overall financial performance. Our broker-dealer segment has historically earned a significant portion of its revenues from advisory fees upon the successful completion of client transactions, which could be adversely impacted by interest rate volatility. Rapid or significant changes in interest rates could adversely affect the broker-dealer segment s bond trading, sales, underwriting activities and other interest spread-sensitive activities described below. The broker-dealer segment also receives administrative fees for providing money market and FDIC investment alternatives to clients, which tend to be sensitive to short term interest rates. In addition, the profitability of the broker-dealer segment depends, to an extent, on the spread between revenues earned on customer loans and excess customer cash balances, and the interest expense paid on customer cash balances, as well as the interest revenue earned on trading securities, net of financing costs. The broker-dealer segment is also exposed to interest rate risk through its structured finance business line, which is dependent on mortgage loan production that tends to be adversely impacted by increasing interest rates and may result in valuation-related adjustments. As noted under the section titled Asset Valuation earlier in this Item 7, the broker-dealer segment has experienced lower-than-forecasted operating results during 2022 given trends related to the combination of rapid or significant changes in interest rates, the sharp decline in mortgage loan origination volumes, customer sensitivity to interest rates and resulting demand for certain products. Such trends have resulted in a challenging environment associated with the broker-dealer segment s short- and long-term financial condition and operating results. In the event future operating performance remains challenged and below our forecasted projections, there are negative changes to long-term growth rates or discount rates increase, the fair value of the broker-dealer segment reporting unit may decline and we may be required to record a goodwill impairment charge. These conditions will continue to be considered during future impairment evaluations of reporting unit goodwill. In the broker-dealer segment, interest is earned from securities lending activities, interest charged on customer margin loan balances and interest earned on investment securities used to support sales, underwriting and other customer activities. The improvement in net interest income during 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily due to the increases in net interest income from our structured finance business line and other divisions within our public finance and wealth management business lines, partially offset by the decline in net interest income within the securities lending division of our wealth management business line. With the 37-basis point decrease in the weighted average interest rate spread during 2022, net interest earned within the broker-dealer segment s stock lending business decreased 4.8 million during 2022, compared to 2021. The increase in net interest income during 2021, compared to 2020, was primarily due to increases in net interest income from our fixed income business line and securities lending division of our wealth management business line partially offset by intercompany interest expense. Noninterest income decreased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to declines in investment banking and advisory fees as well as other noninterest income. Noninterest income decreased during 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to decreases in other noninterest income and securities commissions and fees, partially offset by the increase in investment banking and advisory fees. Securities commissions and fees increased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in money market and FDIC sweep revenues and commission and fees earned on commodities sales transactions, partially offset by a decrease in customer demand for fixed income services as previously discussed. As money market and FDIC sweep revenues are closely correlated to short-term interest rates, any additional increases in short-term interest rates may cause these revenues to rise. In addition, securities commissions and fees during 2022, compared to 2021, were impacted by decreases in commissions earned in insurance product sales transactions, commissions earned on fixed income products, and net clearing revenues due to the decrease in clearing fees. Securities commissions and fees decreased during 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to a decrease in commissions earned in our wealth management line of business given a 10.6 million decline in our money market and FDIC sweep revenues as a result of the lower interest rate environment and decreases in commissions earned from our wind-down of the equity capital markets division. These decreases were 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 partially offset by increases in commissions earned on mutual fund, insurance product and commodities contract sales transactions. I nvestment and securities advisory fees and commissions decreased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to decreases in fees earned from our municipal advisory and underwriting transactions. Public finance national issuance volume declined approximately 21 during 2022 compared to 2021. Investment and securities advisory fees and commissions increased during 2021, compared with 2020, primarily due to increases in fees earned from our public finance municipal transactions and from improved wealth management advisory services fees. The decreases in other noninterest income during 2022, compared to 2021, were primarily due to decreases in trading gains earned from our structured finance business line s derivative activities, given decreased volumes and interest rate volatility as previously discussed. Specifically, the decreased volumes were due to lower mortgage originations, with loan lock volumes totaling 3.8 billion in 2022, a 46 decline when compared with 2021. The decrease in other noninterest income during 2022, compared with the same period in 2021, also reflected a decline within our broker-dealer segment s deferred compensation plan of 2.8 million. With the expected rise in interest rates continuing into 2023, we anticipate continued volatility and generally lower levels of other noninterest income related to our structured finance and fixed income services business lines. Other noninterest income decreased during 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to decreases in trading gains earned from our structured finance business line s derivative activities resulting from decreased volumes and interest rate volatility. The year-over-year decrease in other noninterest income was heightened by decreases within our fixed income services business line within our taxable and municipal securities trading portfolios. The declines in noninterest expenses during 2022, compared to 2021, were primarily due to the impact of changes in variable compensation as previously discussed. Noninterest expenses decreased during 2021, compared to 2020, primarily due to decreases in variable compensation, partially offset by increased non-variable compensation and benefits and expenses associated with the deployment of the new back-office and accounting systems. Selected information concerning the broker-dealer segment, including key performance indicators, follows (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total compensation as a of net revenue (1) 63.8 65.1 58.8 Pre-tax margin (2) 9.6 10.3 21.8 FDIC insured program balances at the Bank (end of year) 1,122,091 803,941 700,006 Other FDIC insured program balances (end of year) 695,873 1,503,277 1,892,974 Customer funds on deposit, including short credits (end of year) 278,670 499,476 480,200 Public finance services: Number of issues (3) 894 1,143 1,252 Aggregate amount of offerings (3) 38,952,431 59,929,698 57,105,263 Structured finance: Lock production/TBA volume 3,763,743 7,007,564 9,075,232 Fixed income services: Total volumes 219,791,737 244,643,358 169,559,201 Net inventory (end of year) 701,923 551,289 613,413 Wealth management (Retail and Clearing services groups): Retail employee representatives (end of year) (3) 99 106 118 Independent registered representatives (end of year) 163 177 189 Correspondents (end of year) 111 122 129 Correspondent receivables (end of year) 156,859 306,064 180,173 Customer margin balances (end of year) 274,339 426,584 256,682 Wealth management (Securities lending group): Interest-earning assets - stock borrowed (end of year) 1,012,573 1,518,372 1,338,855 Interest-bearing liabilities - stock loaned (end of year) 916,570 1,432,196 1,245,066 

 (1) Total compensation includes the sum of non-variable compensation and benefits and variable compensation. We consider total compensation as a percentage of net revenue to be a key performance measure and indicator of segment profitability. (2) Pre-tax margin is defined as income before income taxes divided by net revenue. We consider pre-tax margin to be a key performance measure given its use as a profitability metric representing the percentage of net revenue earned that results in a profit. (3) Noted balances during all prior periods include certain reclassifications to conform to current period presentation. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Origination Segment The following table presents certain information regarding the operating results of our mortgage origination segment (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Net interest income (expense) (10,529) (20,400) (10,489) 9,871 (9,911) Noninterest income 452,915 986,990 1,172,450 (534,075) (185,460) Noninterest expense 478,904 731,056 753,917 (252,152) (22,861) Income (loss) before income taxes (36,518) 235,534 408,044 (272,052) (172,510) The mortgage lending business is subject to variables that can impact loan origination volume, including seasonal transaction volumes and interest rate fluctuations. Historically, the mortgage origination segment has experienced increased loan origination volume from purchases of homes during the spring and summer months, when more people tend to move and buy or sell homes. An increase in mortgage interest rates tends to result in decreased loan origination volume from refinancings, while a decrease in mortgage interest rates tends to result in increased loan origination volume from refinancings. While changes in mortgage interest rates have historically had a lesser impact on home purchases volume than on refinancing volume, increases in mortgage interest rates during 2022 have also negatively impacted home purchase volume. See details regarding loan origination volume in the table below. Recent trends, as well as typical historical patterns in loan origination volume from purchases of homes or from refinancings because of movements in mortgage interest rates, may not be indicative of future loan origination volumes. During 2022, certain events adversely impacted origination volumes because of their effect on the economy, including inflation and rising interest rates, the negative residual impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve s actions and communications, and geopolitical threats. These events have also adversely impacted the willingness and ability of the mortgage origination segment s customers to conduct mortgage transactions. Specifically, current home inventory shortages and affordability challenges, in addition to supply chain problems, are impacting customers abilities to purchase homes. The increase in interest rates during 2022, which has led to a sharp reduction in national refinancing volume and the reduction of willing and eligible home buyers, has resulted in competitive mortgage pricing pressure, leading to a decline in average loans sales margin. In addition to decreased loan volumes, the negative trend in sales margin has contributed to a decrease in combined net gains from mortgage loan sales and mortgage loan origination fees. Currently, we anticipate that lower seasonal transaction volumes and the continuation of the mortgage loan production and operating results trends experienced by the mortgage origination segment during 2022 will continue into 2023. Given these expectations, the mortgage origination segment continues to evaluate its cost structure to address the current mortgage environment. We believe that current initiatives are critical to improving the mortgage origination segment s short- and long-term financial condition and operating results. As noted under the section titled Asset Valuation earlier in this Item 7, the mortgage origination segment has experienced lower-than-forecasted operating results during 2022, due to conditions discussed in detail within this discussion of segment results. In the event future operating performance remains challenged and below our forecasted projections, there are negative changes to long-term growth rates or discount rates increase, the fair value of the mortgage origination reporting unit may decline and we may be required to record a goodwill impairment charge. These conditions will continue to be considered during future impairment evaluations of reporting unit goodwill. Income before income taxes decreased significantly in 2022, compared with 2021. This decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in interest rate lock commitments IRLCs related to a decrease in mortgage loan applications, in addition to a decrease in the average value of individual IRLCs. The impact of these trends was partially offset by an increase in average mortgage loan origination fees and a decrease in noninterest expense as discussed in more detail below. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Since March 2020, the CARES Act has provided borrowers the ability to request forbearance of residential mortgage loan payments. A significant increase in nationwide forbearance requests that began at that time resulted in the reduction of third-party mortgage servicers willing to purchase mortgage servicing rights, which resulted in the mortgage origination segment beginning to reduce the amount of servicing it retained as the willingness of third-party mortgage servicers to purchase mortgage servicing rights improved. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, the mortgage origination segment was able to reduce the amount of servicing it retained compared to the retention rates in the second and third quarters of 2020, as the willingness of third-party mortgage servicers to purchase mortgage servicing rights has improved. Since the first quarter of 2021, the mortgage origination segment s quarterly retention rates ranged between 11 and 50 . The mortgage origination segment utilizes a third-party to manage its servicing portfolio. Therefore, barring third-party servicers increasing their pricing, we do not expect significant fluctuations in infrastructure costs to manage changes in the mortgage origination segment s servicing portfolio if we experience a significant increase in the amount of retained servicing. During 2022, the U.S. 10-Year Treasury Rate and mortgage interest rates significantly increased. This compares to declines in these rates during 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, followed in 2021 by an increase in mortgage interest rates that remained lower on average during 2021, compared to 2020. Average interest rates during 2022 exceeded average interest rates during 2021, and refinancing volume as a percentage of total origination volume decreased during 2022, as compared to 2021. Refinancing volume as a percentage of total origination volume during 2022 decreased to 14.5 from 36.3 during 2021. During the second half of 2022, refinancing volume as a percentage of total origination volume was 7.0 . Although we anticipate the percentage of refinancing volume relative to total loan origination volume during 2023 to approximate the percentage experienced during the second half of 2022, a higher refinance percentage could be driven by a slowing of purchase volume due to the negative impact on new and existing home sales resulting from existing home inventory shortages, affordability challenges, and supply chain problems related to new home construction, and/or an increase in all-cash buyers. The mortgage origination segment primarily originates its mortgage loans through a retail channel, with limited lending through its affiliated business arrangements ABAs ). For 2022, funded volume through ABAs was approximately 10 of the mortgage origination segment s total loan volume. During the majority of 2022, PrimeLending owned a greater than 50 interest in five ABAs. During the fourth quarter of 2022, interest in one of the five ABAs was dissolved. We expect total production within the ABA channel to again approximate 10 of loan volume of the mortgage origination segment during 2023. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides further details regarding our mortgage loan originations and sales for the periods indicated below (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of of of Variance Amount Total Amount Total Amount Total 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Mortgage Loan Originations - units 41,121 77,263 84,209 (36,142) (6,946) Mortgage Loan Originations - volume: Conventional 8,276,434 65.37 15,787,942 69.65 16,519,498 71.92 (7,511,508) (731,556) Government 2,572,257 20.32 3,387,270 14.94 4,473,763 19.48 (815,013) (1,086,493) Jumbo 1,052,508 8.31 2,511,442 11.08 1,219,492 5.31 (1,458,934) 1,291,950 Other 758,957 6.00 981,629 4.33 757,441 3.29 (222,672) 224,188 12,660,156 100.00 22,668,283 100.00 22,970,194 100.00 (10,008,127) (301,911) Home purchases 10,823,002 85.49 14,429,190 63.65 13,413,545 58.40 (3,606,188) 1,015,645 Refinancings 1,837,154 14.51 8,239,093 36.35 9,556,649 41.60 (6,401,939) (1,317,556) 12,660,156 100.00 22,668,283 100.00 22,970,194 100.00 (10,008,127) (301,911) Texas 2,910,754 22.99 4,224,691 18.64 4,280,831 18.64 (1,313,937) (56,140) California 1,077,906 8.51 2,692,198 11.88 2,497,066 10.87 (1,614,292) 195,132 Florida 613,896 4.85 1,013,206 4.47 1,403,196 6.11 (399,310) (389,990) South Carolina 569,206 4.50 950,028 4.19 929,710 4.05 (380,822) 20,318 Arizona 562,590 4.44 1,045,218 4.61 1,045,298 4.55 (482,628) (80) New York 546,043 4.31 705,601 3.11 641,387 2.79 (159,558) 64,214 Ohio 529,939 4.19 868,378 3.83 869,393 3.78 (338,439) (1,015) Missouri 398,826 3.15 742,220 3.27 777,389 3.38 (343,394) (35,169) North Carolina 391,224 3.09 740,169 3.27 719,936 3.13 (348,945) 20,233 Washington 333,191 2.63 703,239 3.10 736,135 3.20 (370,048) (32,896) All other states 4,726,581 37.34 8,983,335 39.63 9,069,853 39.50 (4,256,754) (86,518) 12,660,156 100.00 22,668,283 100.00 22,970,194 100.00 (10,008,127) (301,911) Mortgage Loan Sales - volume: Third parties 12,668,252 95.97 22,280,872 96.62 22,321,599 99.14 (9,612,620) (40,727) Banking segment 532,219 4.03 778,288 3.38 192,571 0.86 (246,069) 585,717 13,200,471 100.00 23,059,160 100.00 22,514,170 100.00 (9,858,689) 544,990 We consider the mortgage origination segment s total loan origination volume to be a key performance measure. Loan origination volume is central to the segment s ability to generate income by originating and selling mortgage loans, resulting in net gains from the sale of loans, other mortgage production income and other mortgage loan origination fees. Total loan origination volume is a measure utilized by management, our investors, and analysts in assessing market share and growth of the mortgage origination segment. The mortgage origination segment s total loan origination volume during 2022 decreased 44.2 , compared with 2021, while income before income taxes during 2022 decreased 115.5 , compared with 2021. The decrease in income before income taxes during 2022 was primarily due to decreases in net gains from sale of loans. Mortgage loan origination fees decreased slightly during 2022 compared with 2021, as average mortgage loan origination fees increased. The decrease in net gains from sale of loans was partially offset by decreases in variable compensation, and to a lesser extent, decreases in non-variable compensation and benefits expense, segment operating costs, and net interest expense. During 2021, the mortgage origination segment s total loan origination volume decreased 1.3 compared with 2020, while income before income taxes during 2021 decreased 42.3 , compared with 2020. The decrease in income before income taxes during 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in the net fair value and related derivative activity of IRLCs. This decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in IRLCs related to a decrease in mortgage loan applications, in addition to a decrease in the average value of individual IRLCs. Also contributing to the decrease to a lesser extent was a decrease in net gain on sale of loans. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 The information shown in the table below includes certain key performance indicators for the mortgage origination segment. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net gains from mortgage loan sales (basis points): Loans sold to third parties 263 375 409 Impact of loans retained by banking segment (11) (13) (3) As reported 252 362 406 Variable compensation as a percentage of total compensation 51.9 65.8 69.0 Mortgage servicing rights asset 000 s) (end of year) (1) 100,825 86,990 143,742 

 (1) Reported on a consolidated basis and therefore does not include mortgage servicing rights assets related to loans serviced for the banking segment, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Net interest expense was comprised of interest income earned on loans held for sale offset by interest incurred on warehouse lines of credit primarily held with the Bank, and related intercompany financing costs. The changes in net interest expense during 2022, compared with 2021, included the effects of increased net yields on mortgage loans held for sale between the two periods, and during 2021, compared with 2020, included the effects of decreased net yields on mortgage loans held for sale between the two periods. Noninterest income was comprised of the items set forth in the table below (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Net gains from sale of loans 332,732 834,580 913,474 (501,848) (78,894) Mortgage loan origination fees and other related income 149,598 160,011 172,096 (10,413) (12,085) Other mortgage production income: Change in net fair value and related derivative activity: IRLCs and loans held for sale (69,668) (67,714) 81,560 (1,954) (149,274) Mortgage servicing rights asset 2,733 2,446 (30,119) 287 32,565 Servicing fees 37,520 57,667 35,439 (20,147) 22,228 Total noninterest income 452,915 986,990 1,172,450 (534,075) (185,460) The decrease in net gains from sale of loans during 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily the result of decreases in total loan sales volume, in addition to a decrease in average loan sales margin. Since PrimeLending sells substantially all mortgage loans it originates to various investors in the secondary market, the decrease in loan sales volume during 2022 was consistent with the decrease in loan origination volume during the period. The decrease in average loan sales margins during 2022 was primarily attributable to competitive pricing pressure resulting from home inventory shortages and a reduction in national refinancing volume. The decrease in mortgage loan origination fees during 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily the result of a decrease in loan origination volume, partially offset by an increase in average mortgage loan origination fees. Fluctuations in mortgage loan origination fees are not always aligned with fluctuations in loan origination volume since customers may opt to pay PrimeLending discount fees on their mortgage loans in exchange for a lower interest rate. We consider the mortgage origination segment s net gains from sale of loans margin, in basis points, to be a key performance measure. Net gains from sale of loans margin is defined as net gains from sale of loans divided by loan sales volume. The net gains from sale of loans is central to the segment s generation of income and may include loans sold to third parties and loans sold to and retained by the banking segment. For origination services provided, the mortgage origination segment was reimbursed direct origination costs associated with loans retained by the banking segment, in addition to payment of a correspondent fee. The reimbursed origination costs and correspondent fee are included in the mortgage origination segment operating results, and the correspondent fees are eliminated in consolidation. Loan volumes to be originated on behalf of and retained by the banking segment are evaluated each quarter. Loans sold to and retained by the banking segment during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 532 million, 778 million and 193 million, respectively. Loan volumes to be originated on behalf of and retained by the banking segment are expected to be impacted by, among other things, an ongoing review of the prevailing mortgage rates, balance sheet positioning at Hilltop and the banking segment s outlook for commercial loan growth. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest income included changes in the net fair value of the mortgage origination segment s IRLCs and loans held for sale and the related activity associated with forward commitments used by the mortgage origination segment to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale. The decrease in fair value of IRLCs and loans held for sale during 2022, compared to 2021, was the result of a decrease in the average value of individual IRLCs and loans held for sale and the total volume of individual IRLCs and loans held for sale. The mortgage origination segment sells substantially all mortgage loans it originates to various investors in the secondary market. In addition, the mortgage origination segment originates loans on behalf of the Bank. The mortgage origination segment s determination of whether to retain or release servicing on mortgage loans it sells is impacted by, among other things, changes in mortgage interest rates, and refinancing and market activity. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the mortgage origination segment retained servicing on approximately 25 , 29 and 67 of loans sold, respectively. A reduction in third-party mortgage servicers purchasing mortgage servicing rights, while modest, may result in PrimeLending increasing the rate of retained servicing on mortgage loans sold during 2023. The mortgage origination segment may, from time to time, manage its MSR asset through different strategies, including varying the percentage of mortgage loans sold servicing released and opportunistically selling MSR assets. The mortgage origination segment has also retained servicing on certain loans sold to and retained by the banking segment. Gains and losses associated with such sales to the banking segment and the related MSR asset are eliminated in consolidation. The mortgage origination segment uses derivative financial instruments, including U.S. Treasury bond futures and options, to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its MSR asset. Changes in the net fair value of the MSR asset and the related derivatives associated with normal customer payments, changes in discount rates, prepayment speed assumptions and customer payoffs resulted in net gains (losses) as noted in the table above. During 2022, the operating results of the mortgage origination segment were positively impacted by the noted increase of 21.9 million in the net fair value of the MSR asset. This increase was primarily driven by changes in the prepayment and discount rates used as inputs to value the MSR asset to address the impact of increased mortgage rates reducing consumer refinancing activity and recent market trends related to MSR sales. During 2022, the mortgage origination segment sold MSR assets of approximately 65 million with a serviced loan volume totaling 3.7 billion. During 2021 and 2020, the mortgage origination segment sold MSR assets of approximately 143 million and 37 million, respectively, with a serviced loan volume totaling 12.4 billion and 3.8 billion, respectively. Noninterest expenses were comprised of the items set forth in the table below (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Variable compensation 183,804 373,929 405,116 (190,125) (31,187) Non-variable compensation and benefits 170,169 194,292 181,597 (24,123) 12,695 Segment operating costs 92,631 113,020 125,104 (20,389) (12,084) Lender paid closing costs 13,371 20,458 21,696 (7,087) (1,238) Servicing expense 18,929 29,357 20,404 (10,428) 8,953 Total noninterest expense 478,904 731,056 753,917 (252,152) (22,861) Total employees compensation and benefits accounted for the majority of the noninterest expenses incurred during all periods presented. Specifically, variable compensation comprised the majority of total employees compensation and benefits expenses during 2022, 2021 and 2020. Variable compensation, which is primarily driven by loan origination volume, tends to fluctuate to a greater degree than loan origination volume, because mortgage loan originator and fulfillment staff incentive compensation plans are structured to pay at increasing rates as higher monthly volume tiers are achieved. However, certain other incentive compensation plans driven by non-mortgage production criteria may alter this trend. While total loan origination volumes decreased 44.2 during 2022, compared to 2021, the aggregate non-variable compensation and benefits of the mortgage origination segment decreased by 12.4 . This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in salaries associated with a reduction in underwriting and loan fulfillment, operations and corporate support staff in response to the decreases in loan origination volume that started in the fourth quarter of 2021, and continued through 2022. Severance costs, included in non-variable compensation above, incurred because of this initiative was 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 2.7 million during 2022. PrimeLending remains committed to evaluating its staffing levels and maintaining an appropriate cost structure to address the dynamic mortgage loan origination trends. Segment operating costs decreased during 2022, compared to 2021, primarily due to decreases in business development, professional fees, occupancy and loan-related costs. During 2021, compared to 2020, segment operating costs decreased primarily due to declines in loan related costs, software amortization expense and software license maintenance costs. In exchange for a higher interest rate, customers may opt to have PrimeLending pay certain costs associated with the origination of their mortgage loan lender paid closing costs ). Fluctuations in lender paid closing costs are not always aligned with fluctuations in loan origination volume. Other loan pricing conditions, including the mortgage loan interest rate, loan origination fees paid by the customer, and a customer s willingness to pay closing costs, may influence fluctuations in lender paid closing costs. Between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2022, the mortgage origination segment sold mortgage loans totaling 152.1 billion. These loans were sold under sales contracts that generally include provisions that hold the mortgage origination segment responsible for errors or omissions relating to its representations and warranties that loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. In addition, the sales contracts typically require the refund of purchased servicing rights plus certain investor servicing costs if a loan experiences an early payment default. While the mortgage origination segment sold loans prior to 2013, it does not anticipate experiencing significant losses in the future on loans originated prior to 2013 because of investor claims under these provisions of its sales contracts. When a claim for indemnification of a loan sold is made by an agency, investor, or other party, the mortgage origination segment evaluates the claim and determines if the claim can be satisfied through additional documentation or other deliverables. If the claim is valid and cannot be satisfied in that manner, the mortgage origination segment negotiates with the claimant to reach a settlement of the claim. Settlements typically result in either the repurchase of a loan or reimbursement to the claimant for losses incurred on the loan. Following is a summary of the mortgage origination segment s claims resolution activity relating to loans sold between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 

Original Loan Balance Loss Recognized of of Amount Loans Sold Amount Loans Sold Claims resolved with no payment 231,644 0.15 - Claims resolved because of a loan repurchase or payment to an investor for losses incurred (1) 262,970 0.18 15,189 0.01 494,614 0.33 15,189 0.01 

 (1) Losses incurred include refunded purchased servicing rights. For each loan the mortgage origination segment concludes its obligation to a claimant is both probable and reasonably estimable, the mortgage origination segment has established a specific claims indemnification liability reserve. An additional indemnification liability reserve has been established for probable agency, investor or other party losses that may have been incurred, but not yet reported to the mortgage origination segment based upon a reasonable estimate of such losses. In addition to other factors, the mortgage origination segment has considered that GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC have imposed certain restrictions on loans the agencies will accept under a forbearance agreement resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, which could increase the magnitude of indemnification losses on these loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the mortgage origination segment s total indemnification liability reserve totaled 20.5 million and 27.4 million, respectively. The related provision for indemnification losses was 1.5 million, 10.0 million, and 11.2 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Corporate The following table presents certain financial information regarding the operating results of corporate (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Net interest income (expense) (13,135) (17,239) (14,192) 4,104 (3,047) Noninterest income 7,525 9,133 3,945 (1,608) 5,188 Noninterest expense 59,030 50,507 53,040 8,523 (2,533) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (64,640) (58,613) (63,287) (6,027) 4,674 Corporate includes certain activities not allocated to specific business segments. These activities include holding company financing and investing activities, merchant banking investment opportunities and management and administrative services to support the overall operations of the Company. Hilltop s merchant banking investment activities include the identification of attractive opportunities for capital deployment in companies engaged in non-financial activities through its merchant bank subsidiary, Hilltop Opportunity Partners LLC. These merchant banking activities currently include investments within various industries, including power generation, consumer services, industrial equipment manufacturing and animal health, with an aggregate carrying value of approximately 47 million at December 31, 2022. As a holding company, Hilltop s primary investment objectives are to support capital deployment for organic growth and to preserve capital to be deployed through acquisitions, dividend payments and potential stock repurchases. Investment and interest income earned during 2022 was primarily comprised of dividend income from merchant banking investment activities, in addition to interest income earned on intercompany notes. Interest expense from continuing operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020 included recurring annual interest expense of 7.7 million incurred on our 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5 senior notes due 2025 Senior Notes ). During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred interest expense of 12.3 million, 12.3 million and 7.9 million, respectively, on our 200 million aggregate principal amount of Subordinated Notes (defined hereafter), which were issued in May 2020. Additionally, we incurred interest expense of 1.6 million and 2.8 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, on junior subordinated debentures of 67.0 million issued by PCC (the Debentures ). As discussed in more detail in the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Junior Subordinated Debentures below, during the third quarter of 2021, PCC fully redeemed all outstanding Debentures. Noninterest income from continuing operations during each period included activity related to our investment in a real estate development in Dallas University Park, which also serves as headquarters for both Hilltop and the Bank, and net noninterest income associated with activity within our merchant bank subsidiary. During 2021, noninterest income included an aggregate of 6.5 million in pre-tax gains associated with observable transactions related to two merchant bank equity investments. Noninterest expenses from continuing operations were primarily comprised of employees compensation and benefits, occupancy expenses and professional fees, including corporate governance, legal and transaction costs. During 2022, compared with 2021, the increase in noninterest expenses was primarily due to inflationary increases associated with software and occupancy costs, as well as increases in professional fees. During 2021, compared with 2020, the decrease in noninterest expenses was primarily due to decreases in expenses associated with employees incentive compensation and professional fees. Results from Discontinued Operations Insurance Segment As previously discussed, on June 30, 2020, we completed the sale of NLC. Accordingly, insurance segment results for 2020 have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. Additional details are presented in Note 3, Discontinued Operations, in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. All activity associated with the insurance segment was recognized in 2020, therefore, there was no income from discontinued 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 operations before taxes during 2022 and 2021, while income from discontinued operations before income taxes was 2.1 million during 2020. Corporate As a result of the previously noted sale of NLC on June 30, 2020 for cash proceeds of 154.1 million, during 2020, Hilltop recognized an aggregate pre-tax gain on sale within discontinued operations of corporate of 36.8 million, net of customary transaction costs of 5.1 million. The resulting book gain from this sale transaction was not recognized for tax purposes pursuant to the rules under the Internal Revenue Code. Financial Condition The following discussion contains a more detailed analysis of our financial condition at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Securities Portfolio At December 31, 2022, investment securities consisted of securities of the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government and its agencies, obligations of municipalities and other political subdivisions, primarily in the State of Texas, as well as mortgage-backed, corporate debt, and equity securities. We may categorize investments as trading, available for sale, held to maturity and equity securities. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term and are carried at fair value, marked to market through operations and held at the Bank and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers. Securities classified as available for sale may, from time to time, be bought and sold in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in securities prepayment risk, increases in loan demand, general liquidity needs and to take advantage of market conditions that create more economically attractive returns. Such securities are carried at estimated fair value, with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Equity investments are carried at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognized in net income. Securities are classified as held to maturity based on the intent and ability of our management, at the time of purchase, to hold such securities to maturity. These securities are carried at amortized cost. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 The table below summarizes our securities portfolio from continuing operations (in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Trading securities, at fair value U.S. Treasury securities 10,466 3,728 40,491 U.S. government agencies: Bonds 20,878 3,410 40 Residential mortgage-backed securities 214,100 152,093 336,081 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 876 Collateralized mortgage obligations 182,717 126,389 69,172 Corporate debt securities 42,685 60,671 62,481 States and political subdivisions 260,271 285,376 171,573 Private-label securitized product 9,265 11,377 8,571 Other 14,650 4,954 4,970 755,032 647,998 694,255 Securities available for sale, at fair value U.S. Treasury securities 19,144 14,862 U.S. government agencies: Bonds 202,257 44,133 82,806 Residential mortgage-backed securities 406,358 898,446 641,611 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 175,499 210,699 124,538 Collateralized mortgage obligations 818,894 916,866 565,908 States and political subdivisions 36,614 45,562 47,342 1,658,766 2,130,568 1,462,205 Securities held to maturity, at amortized cost U.S. government agencies: Residential mortgage-backed securities 301,583 9,892 13,547 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 180,942 145,742 152,820 Collateralized mortgage obligations 314,705 43,990 74,932 States and political subdivisions 78,302 68,060 70,645 875,532 267,684 311,944 Equity securities, at fair value 200 250 140 Total securities portfolio 3,289,530 3,046,500 2,468,544 We had net unrealized losses of 129.8 million and 18.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared with net unrealized gains of 26.3 million at December 31, 2020 related to the available for sale investment portfolio. Within the held to maturity portfolio, we had net unrealized losses of 90.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared with net unrealized gains of 8.6 million and 14.7 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Equity securities included net unrealized gains of 0.1 million, 0.2 million and 0.1 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The noted significant change in net unrealized gains (losses) within our available for sale investment portfolio from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was related to increases in market interest rates since purchase and the resulting decline in associated estimated fair values of such portfolio investments. In future periods, changes in prevailing market interest rates, coupled with changes in the aggregate size of the investment portfolio, are expected to be significant drivers to changes in the unrealized losses or gains in these portfolios. We transferred certain agency-issued securities from the available-for-sale to held-to-maturity portfolio on March 31, 2022 having a book value of approximately 782 million and a market value of approximately 708 million. As of the date of transfer, the related pre-tax net unrecognized losses of approximately 74 million within the accumulated other comprehensive loss balance are being amortized over the remaining term of the securities using the effective interest method. This transfer was completed after careful consideration of our intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. Factors used in assessing the ability to hold these securities to maturity were future liquidity needs and sources of funding. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Banking Segment The banking segment s securities portfolio plays a role in the management of our interest rate sensitivity and generates additional interest income. In addition, the securities portfolio is used to meet collateral requirements for public and trust deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other purposes. The available for sale and equity securities portfolios serve as a source of liquidity. Historically, the Bank s policy has been to invest primarily in securities of the U.S. government and its agencies, obligations of municipalities in the State of Texas and other high grade fixed income securities to minimize credit risk. At December 31, 2022, the banking segment s securities portfolio of 2.5 billion was comprised of trading securities of 0.1 million, available for sale securities of 1.7 billion, held to maturity securities of 876 million and equity securities of 0.2 million, in addition to 12.1 million of other investments included in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. Broker-Dealer Segment The broker-dealer segment holds securities to support sales, underwriting and other customer activities. The interest rate risk inherent in holding these securities is managed by setting and monitoring limits on the size and duration of positions and on the length of time the securities can be held. The Hilltop Broker-Dealers are required to carry their securities at fair value and record changes in the fair value of the portfolio to the statements of operations. Accordingly, the securities portfolio of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers included trading securities of 754.9 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers enter into transactions that represent commitments to purchase and deliver securities at prevailing future market prices to facilitate customer transactions and satisfy such commitments. Accordingly, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers ultimate obligation may exceed the amount recognized in the financial statements. These securities, which are carried at fair value and reported as securities sold, not yet purchased in the consolidated balance sheets, had a value of 53.0 million at December 31, 2022. Corporate At December 31, 2022, the corporate portfolio included other investments, including those associated with merchant banking, of 39.8 million in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. Allowance for Credit Losses for Available for Sale Securities and Held to Maturity Securities We have evaluated available for sale debt securities that are in an unrealized loss position and have determined that any declines in value are unrelated to credit loss and related to changes in market interest rates since purchase. None of the available for sale debt securities held were past due at December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had evaluated our held to maturity debt securities, considering the current credit ratings and recognized losses, and determined the potential credit loss to be minimal. With respect to these securities, we considered the risk of credit loss to be negligible, and therefore, no allowance was recognized on the debt securities portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the estimated maturities of our debt securities, excluding trading securities, at December 31, 2022. Contractual maturities may be different (dollars in thousands, yields are tax-equivalent). One Year One Year to Five Years to Greater Than Or Less Five Years Ten Years Ten Years Total U.S. Treasury securities: Amortized cost 14,676 4,979 19,655 Fair value 14,679 4,465 19,144 Weighted average yield (1) 4.66 0.87 3.70 U.S. government agencies: Bonds: Amortized cost 17,943 67,225 50,302 67,364 202,834 Fair value 17,719 67,030 50,132 67,376 202,257 Weighted average yield (1) 2.64 4.94 4.69 4.80 4.63 Residential mortgage-backed securities: Amortized cost 2,142 85,671 668,891 756,704 Fair value 2,093 80,699 595,422 678,214 Weighted average yield (1) 2.89 2.39 2.34 2.34 Commercial mortgage-backed securities: Amortized cost 99,660 239,335 25,213 364,208 Fair value 95,574 223,655 22,277 341,506 Weighted average yield (1) 3.10 3.59 3.44 3.44 Collateralized mortgage obligations: Amortized cost 8 16,995 222,079 963,144 1,202,226 Fair value 8 16,580 215,039 863,629 1,095,256 Weighted average yield (1) 2.29 3.58 3.95 2.98 3.16 States and political subdivisions: Amortized cost 1,695 9,622 37,353 69,792 118,462 Fair value 1,690 9,452 35,720 60,862 107,724 Weighted average yield (1) 3.06 3.37 3.66 3.46 3.51 Total securities portfolio: Amortized cost 34,322 200,623 634,740 1,794,404 2,664,089 Fair value 34,096 195,194 605,245 1,609,566 2,444,101 Weighted average yield (1) 3.52 3.71 3.65 2.83 3.10 

 (1) Weighted average yield is defined as interest earned by average interest-earning assets. 
 Loan Portfolio Consolidated loans held for investment are detailed in the tables below, classified by portfolio segment (in thousands). 

December 31, Loan Held for Investment 2022 2021 2020 Commercial real estate 3,245,873 3,042,729 3,133,903 Commercial and industrial 1,639,980 1,875,420 2,627,774 Construction and land development 980,896 892,783 828,852 1-4 family residential 1,767,099 1,303,430 629,938 Consumer 27,602 32,349 35,667 Broker-dealer 431,223 733,193 437,007 Loans held for investment, gross 8,092,673 7,879,904 7,693,141 Allowance for credit losses (95,442) (91,352) (149,044) Loans held for investment, net of allowance 7,997,231 7,788,552 7,544,097 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Banking Segment The loan portfolio constitutes the primary earning asset of the banking segment and typically offers the best alternative for obtaining the maximum interest spread above the banking segment s cost of funds. The overall economic strength of the banking segment generally parallels the quality and yield of its loan portfolio. The banking segment s total loans held for investment, net of the allowance for credit losses, were 8.5 billion, 8.8 billion and 9.6 billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the banking segment s loan portfolio included warehouse lines of credit extended to PrimeLending and its ABAs of 2.1 billion, of which 0.9 billion was drawn. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, amounts drawn on the available warehouse lines of credit were 1.7 billion and 2.5 billion, respectively. Amounts advanced against the warehouse lines of credit are eliminated from net loans held for investment on our consolidated balance sheets. The banking segment does not generally participate in syndicated loan transactions and has no foreign loans in its portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the banking segment had loan concentrations (loans to borrowers engaged in similar activities) that exceeded 10 of total loans in its real estate portfolio. The areas of concentration within our real estate portfolio were non-construction commercial real estate loans, non-construction residential real estate loans, and construction and land development loans, which represented 42.4 , 23.2 and 12.8 , respectively, of the banking segment s total loans held for investment at December 31, 2022. The banking segment s loan concentrations were within regulatory guidelines at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Bank s loan portfolio includes collateralized loans extended to businesses that depend on the energy industry, including those within the exploration and production, field services, pipeline construction and transportation sectors. Crude oil prices have increased since historical lows observed in 2020, but uncertainty remains given future supply and demand for oil are influenced by the Russia-Ukraine conflict, return to business travel, new energy policies and government regulation, and the pace of transition towards renewable energy resources. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s energy loan exposure was approximately 58 million of loans held for investment with unfunded commitment balances of approximately 20 million. The allowance for credit losses on the Bank s energy portfolio was 0.1 million, or 0.3 of loans held for investment at December 31, 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 The following table provides information regarding the maturities of the banking segment s gross loans held for investment, net of unearned income (in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 Due Within Due From One Due from Five Due After One Year To Five Years To Fifteen Years Fifteen Years Total Commercial real estate 756,952 1,383,170 1,003,180 102,571 3,245,873 Commercial and industrial 2,022,266 326,031 173,419 2,521,716 Construction and land development 763,366 167,754 44,170 5,606 980,896 1-4 family residential 151,939 278,432 495,968 840,760 1,767,099 Consumer 12,819 14,441 325 17 27,602 Total 3,707,342 2,169,828 1,717,062 948,954 8,543,186 Fixed rate loans 1,633,262 1,794,746 1,426,440 944,570 5,799,018 Floating rate loans 2,074,080 375,082 290,622 4,384 2,744,168 Total 3,707,342 2,169,828 1,717,062 948,954 8,543,186 In the table above, commercial and industrial includes amounts advanced against the warehouse lines of credit extended to PrimeLending. Floating rate loans that have reached their applicable rate floor or ceiling are classified as fixed rate loans rather than floating rate loans. As of December 31, 2022, floating rate loans totaling 733.8 million had reached their applicable rate floor and were expected to reprice, subject to their scheduled repricing timing and frequency terms. An additional 1.6 million of floating rate loans would be adjustable if published rates increase by a sufficient amount to move past their floored levels. The majority of floating rate loans carry an interest rate tied to The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, as published in The Wall Street Journal. Broker-Dealer Segment The loan portfolio of the broker-dealer segment consists primarily of margin loans to customers and correspondents that are due within one year. The interest rate on margin accounts is computed on the settled margin balance at a fixed rate established by management. These loans are collateralized by the securities purchased or by other securities owned by the clients and, because of collateral coverage ratios, are believed to present minimal collectability exposure. Additionally, these loans are subject to a number of regulatory requirements as well as the Hilltop Broker-Dealers internal policies. The broker-dealer segment s total loans held for investment, net of the allowance for credit losses, were 431.0 million, 733.0 million and 436.8 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, was primarily attributable to a decrease of 152.2 million, or 35.7 , in customer margin accounts and a decrease of 149.2 million, or 48.8 , in receivables from correspondents. The increase from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021, was primarily attributable to an increase of 169.9 million or 66.2 , in customer margin accounts and an increase of 125.9 million, or 69.9 , in receivables from correspondents. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Origination Segment The loan portfolio of the mortgage origination segment consists of loans held for sale, primarily single-family residential mortgages funded through PrimeLending, and IRLCs with customers pursuant to which we agree to originate a mortgage loan on a future date at an agreed-upon interest rate. The components of the mortgage origination segment s loans held for sale and IRLCs are as follows (in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Loans held for sale: Unpaid principal balance 850,277 1,728,255 2,411,626 Fair value adjustment 5,420 54,336 109,778 855,697 1,782,591 2,521,404 IRLCs: Unpaid principal balance 506,278 1,283,152 2,470,013 Fair value adjustment 1,767 25,489 76,048 508,045 1,308,641 2,546,061 The mortgage origination segment uses forward commitments to mitigate interest rate risk associated with its loans held for sale and IRLCs. The notional amounts of these forward commitments at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1.2 billion, 2.4 billion and 4.0 billion, respectively, while the related estimated fair values were 3.3 million, 0.4 million and 28.0) million, respectively. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans For additional information regarding the allowance for credit losses, refer to the section captioned Critical Accounting Estimates included in this Form 10-K. Loans Held for Investment The Bank has lending policies in place with the goal of establishing an asset portfolio that will provide a return on stockholders equity sufficient to maintain capital to assets ratios that meet or exceed established regulations. Loans are underwritten with careful consideration of the borrower s financial condition, the specific purpose of the loan, the primary sources of repayment and any collateral pledged to secure the loan. Underwriting procedures address financial components based on the size and complexity of the credit. The financial components include, but are not limited to, current and projected cash flows, shock analysis and/or stress testing, and trends in appropriate balance sheet and statement of operations ratios. The Bank s loan policy provides specific underwriting guidelines by portfolio segment, including commercial and industrial, real estate, construction and land development, and consumer loans. The guidelines for each individual portfolio segment set forth permissible and impermissible loan types. With respect to each loan type, the guidelines within the Bank s loan policy provide minimum requirements for the underwriting factors listed above. The Bank s underwriting procedures also include an analysis of any collateral and guarantor. Collateral analysis includes a complete description of the collateral, as well as determined values, monitoring requirements, loan to value ratios, concentration risk, appraisal requirements and other information relevant to the collateral being pledged. Guarantor analysis includes liquidity and cash flow evaluation based on the significance with which the guarantors are expected to serve as secondary repayment sources. The Bank maintains a loan review department that reviews credit risk in response to both external and internal factors that potentially impact the performance of either individual loans or the overall loan portfolio. The loan review process reviews the creditworthiness of borrowers and determines compliance with the loan policy. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel. Results of these reviews are presented to management, the Bank s board of directors and the Risk Committee of the board of directors of the Company. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 The allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment represents management s best estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing portfolio. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Subsequent evaluations of the then-existing loan portfolio, in light of the factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in those future periods. Such future changes in the allowance for credit losses are expected to be volatile given dependence upon, among other things, the portfolio composition and quality, as well as the impact of significant drivers, including prepayment assumptions and macroeconomic conditions and forecasts. Significant judgment is required to estimate the severity and duration of the current economic uncertainties, as well as its potential impact on borrower default and loss severity. In particular, macroeconomic conditions and forecasts are rapidly changing and remain highly uncertain. One of the most significant judgments involved in estimating our allowance for credit losses relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate credit losses over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. To determine the allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022, we utilized a single macroeconomic alternative scenario, or S7, published by Moody s Analytics in December 2022. During our previous quarterly macroeconomic assessment as of September 30, 2022, we utilized the same single macroeconomic alternative scenario published by Moody s Analytics in September 2022. The following table summarizes the U.S. Real Gross Domestic Product GDP growth rates and unemployment rate assumptions used in our economic forecast to determine our best estimate of expected credit losses. 

As of December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, 2022 2022 2022 2022 2021 GDP growth rates: Q4 2021 6.7 Q1 2022 0.7 3.6 Q2 2022 2.6 4.7 3.5 Q3 2022 1.3 2.0 2.4 2.3 Q4 2022 0.8 0.4 0.6 2.6 2.7 Q1 2023 0.1 0.3 0.9 2.9 3.0 Q2 2023 (1.4) (1.8) 1.0 3.0 2.4 Q3 2023 (2.5) (2.2) (1.0) 3.1 Q4 2023 (2.4) (2.2) (3.0) Q1 2024 0.4 0.7 Q2 2024 1.1 Unemployment rates: Q4 2021 4.3 Q1 2022 3.9 4.3 Q2 2022 3.6 3.7 4.0 Q3 2022 3.7 3.5 3.5 3.8 Q4 2022 3.7 3.9 3.6 3.4 3.6 Q1 2023 4.0 4.0 3.6 3.4 3.7 Q2 2023 4.6 4.6 3.6 3.3 3.7 Q3 2023 5.3 5.5 5.0 3.2 Q4 2023 6.0 6.2 6.4 Q1 2024 5.9 6.0 Q2 2024 5.6 As of December 31, 2022, our economic forecast was updated from September 30, 2022 to reflect higher interest rate expectations and slower real GDP growth during the reasonable and supportable period. The Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate target twice during the quarter to 4.25 to 4.50 and the current quarter s economic forecast now assumes an average federal funds rate of 5.3 by the second quarter of 2023. As interest rates increased, inflation rates have decreased from historical highs as the goods sector improves; however, we still observe supply chain disruptions 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 especially in the services sector. Unemployment rate forecasts were updated based on recent economic data as tight labor market conditions continued. During 2022, our economic outlook was updated to reflect our expectations of a period of below trend economic growth beginning this year and a mild U.S. recession in 2023. COVID cases receded in the United States but continued to disrupt global supply chains and tight labor market conditions. The Russian invasion of Ukraine contributed to global oil prices increasing to near 120 per barrel and further disrupted supply chains due to economic sanctions imposed by the United States and other trade partners. Inflation rates initially expected to be transitory proved to trend persistently higher as the consumer price index rose to 9.1 on an annual basis in June. In response, the Federal Reserve adjusted monetary policy by increasing its federal funds rate target from 0.0 - 0.25 in March 2022 to 4.25 - 4.50 by December 2022. With lower government spending/stimulus and net exports, U.S. real GDP growth rates declined to (1.6 and (0.6 during the first and second quarters of 2022. While the Company and most economists downgraded their economic outlooks, the U.S. did not enter a recession. Real GDP growth improved to 3.2 during the third quarter of 2022 and U.S. labor markets proved resilient as unemployment rates decreased during the year from 4.0 to 3.5 . During 2021, our economic forecast improved year-over-year due to a third round of 1.9 trillion in government stimulus enacted in March 2021 through the American Rescue Plan Act. As a result of additional stimulus checks, enhanced unemployment benefits, extended lending from the PPP program, and expanded tax credits, consumer and business spending accelerated the U.S. real GDP growth rate in the second quarter of 2021 to 6.3 and in the third quarter of 2021 to 6.7 . Also, in March 2021, President Biden implemented new programs to extend COVID-19 testing and vaccine eligibility for most adults in the United States by May 2021. Most states also ended their participation in federal pandemic unemployment benefit programs in early summer 2021. The U.S. unemployment rate decreased from 6.7 in December 2020 to 5.9 in June 2021 and decreased further to 4.2 by November 2021. In August 2021, a second wave of COVID-19 cases progressed within the United States and Texas due to the delta variant, which slowed U.S. economic growth and real GDP growth rates to 2.3 in the third quarter of 2021. Then, in November 2021, Congress passed a fourth round of 0.6 trillion in government stimulus through the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, and during December 2021, a third wave of COVID-19 cases progressed in the United States and Texas due to the omicron variant. During 2020, our baseline economic forecast changed significantly year-over-year in response to weak economic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as developments occurred rapidly in February and March 2020 associated with fiscal and monetary stimulus measures and the expected beneficial impacts of the CARES Act and certain regulatory interagency guidance. As of December 31, 2019, we assumed the U.S. economy was in the late stages of the economic cycle with unemployment rates near historical lows of 3.6 increasing to 3.8 in the fourth quarter of 2020 and reverting to historical data in the fourth quarter of 2022. Downside risks to the economy were concerns over international trade war between the U.S. and its trading partners and potential fallout from a Brexit in 2020. Interest rate expectations assumed one rate cut in 2020 with the Federal Reserve target range of the federal funds rate at 1.25 to 1.50 before reverting to historical data in 2023. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve twice cut federal funds rate targets in March 2020 to 0 to 0.25 with interest rate expectations as of December 31, 2020 unchanged until late 2023. Several U.S. fiscal and monetary policy changes during early 2020 were enacted to counter a severe, but short U.S. recession during the first half of 2020 and support a strong economic recovery during the second half of 2020 with U.S. budget deficits increasing to more than 3 trillion during the year. U.S. unemployment rates reached 14.8 in April 2020 before declining to 6.7 as of December 31, 2020, which was 3.1 higher than the unemployment rate as of December 31, 2019. Annualized real GDP growth rates declined 31.4 in the second quarter of 2020 and increased 33.4 in the third quarter of 2020. The U.S. presidential election later in 2020 resulted in several changes, as Presidential Candidate Joe Biden won the electoral vote to replace President Donald Trump in 2021 and majority control of the U.S. Congress moved from Republican to Democratic parties. As economic growth slowed during the fourth quarter of 2020, additional government stimulus of approximately 900 billion was approved. Effective January 1, 2020, we adopted the new CECL standard and recorded transition adjustment entries that resulted in an allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment of 73.7 million, an increase of 12.6 million. This increase reflected credit losses of 18.9 million from the expansion of the loss horizon to life of loan and also takes into account forecasts of expected future macroeconomic conditions, partially offset by the elimination of the non-credit component within the historical allowance related to previously categorized PCI loans of 6.3 million. This increase, net of tax, was 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 largely reflected within the banking segment and included a decrease of 5.7 million to opening retained earnings at January 1, 2020. During 2022, the increase in the allowance for credit losses was driven by a deteriorating U.S. economic outlook since December 31, 2021. The net impact to the allowance of changes associated with collectively evaluated loans included a provision of credit losses of 10.0 million, while individually evaluated loans during 2022 included reversals of credit losses of 1.7 million. The change in the allowance for credit losses during 2022 was primarily attributable to the Bank and also reflected other factors including, but not limited to, loan mix, and changes in loan balances and qualitative factors from the prior period. The change in the allowance during 2022 was also impacted by net charge-offs of 4.2 million. As discussed under the section titled Loan Portfolio earlier in this Item 7, the Bank s actions beginning in 2020 included supporting our impacted banking clients experiencing an increased level of risk due to the COVID-19 pandemic through loan modifications. This deteriorating economic outlook resulted in a significant build in the allowance and included provision for credit losses through the second quarter of 2020. During 2021, improvement in both economic results and the macroeconomic outlook, coupled with government stimulus and positive risk rating grade migration within the Bank, resulted in aggregate reversals of a significant portion of previously recorded credit losses. During 2022, the impact of changes in the U.S. economic outlook and resulting impact on collectively evaluated loans has resulted in a build in the allowance since December 31, 2021. As a result, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of our total loan portfolio, excluding margin loans in the broker-dealer segment and banking segment mortgage warehouse lending programs, was 1.27 as of December 31, 2022, down from 1.37 as of December 31, 2021, and a high of 2.63 as of September 30, 2020, following the initial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The respective distribution of the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of our total loan portfolio, excluding margin loans in the broker-dealer segment and banking segment mortgage warehouse lending programs, are presented in the following table (dollars in thousands). 

Allowance For Credit Losses Total as a of Total Allowance Total Loans Loans Held for Credit Held For December 31, 2022 For Investment Losses Investment Commercial real estate 3,245,873 63,255 1.95 Commercial and industrial (1) 1,439,111 15,933 1.11 Construction and land development 980,896 6,051 0.62 1-4 family residential 1,767,099 9,313 0.53 Consumer 27,602 554 2.01 7,460,581 95,106 1.27 Broker-dealer 431,223 234 0.05 Mortgage warehouse lending 200,869 102 0.05 8,092,673 95,442 1.18 

 (1) Commercial and industrial portfolio amounts reflect balances excluding banking segment mortgage warehouse lending programs. Allowance Model Sensitivity Our allowance model was designed to capture the historical relationship between economic and portfolio changes. As such, evaluating shifts in individual portfolio attributes or macroeconomic variables in isolation may not be indicative of past or future performance. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall allowance for credit losses because we consider a wide variety of factors and inputs in the allowance for credit losses estimate. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and input may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. However, to consider the sensitivity of credit loss estimates to alternative macroeconomic forecasts, we compared the Company s allowance for credit loss estimates as of December 31, 2022, excluding margin loans in the broker-dealer 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 segment, and the banking segment mortgage warehouse programs, with modeled results using both upside S1 and downside S3 economic scenario forecasts published by Moody s Analytics. Compared to our economic forecast, the upside scenario assumes the economic impacts from military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and global supply chain concerns recede faster than expected. Real GDP is expected to grow 3.3 in the first quarter of 2023, 3.5 in the second quarter of 2023, 3.4 in the third quarter of 2023, and 3.7 in the fourth quarter of 2023. Average unemployment rates are expected to remain low in 2023 and decline slightly to 3.4 by the first quarter of 2024. Inflation is expected to trend back toward the Federal Reserve s target sooner than expected and we expect the federal funds rate to increase to 4.7 during 2023, but return to 3.7 by the end of 2024. Compared to our economic forecast, the downside scenario assumes consumer and business confidence declines as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine worsens significantly and persists longer than anticipated and global supply chain issues intensify, thereby increasing inflation rates substantially. Consumer confidence and spending erode causing the economy to fall back into recession during the first quarter of 2023. Real GDP is expected to decrease 2.9 in the first quarter of 2023, 3.6 in the second quarter of 2023, and 3.0 in the third quarter of 2023. Average unemployment rates are expected to increase to 7.8 by the first quarter of 2024, but improve to 6.7 by year-end 2024 and revert back to historical average rates over time. The Federal Reserve increases the federal funds rate to 5.2 by the second quarter of 2023 to slow inflation, but proceeds to reduce it to a 1.3 target by the first quarter of 2025 to support the economy. Disagreements in Congress prevent any additional stimulus from being enacted beyond the American Rescue Plan and Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Acts passed in 2021. The impact of applying all of the assumptions of the upside economic scenario during the reasonable and supportable forecast period would have resulted in a decrease in the allowance for credit losses of approximately 28 million or a weighted average expected loss rate of 0.8 as a percentage of our total loan portfolio, excluding margin loans in the broker-dealer segment and the banking segment mortgage warehouse lending programs. The impact of applying all of the assumptions of the downside economic scenario during the reasonable and supportable forecast period would have resulted in an increase in the allowance for credit losses of approximately 32 million or a weighted average expected loss rate of 1.7 as a percentage of our total loan portfolio, excluding margin loans in the broker-dealer segment and the banking segment mortgage warehouse lending programs. This analysis relates only to the modeled credit loss estimates and is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for credit losses as they do not reflect any potential changes in the adjustment to the quantitative calculation, which would also be influenced by the judgment management applies to the modeled lifetime loss estimates to reflect the uncertainty and imprecision of these modeled lifetime loss estimates based on then-current circumstances and conditions. Our allowance for credit losses reflects our best estimate of current expected credit losses, which is highly dependent on several assumptions, including the macroeconomic outlook, inflationary pressures and labor market conditions, the Russian-Ukraine conflict and its impact on supply chains, and the impact of the pandemic continuing to recede. Future allowance for credit losses may vary considerably for these reasons. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance Activity The following table presents the activity in our allowance for credit losses within our loan portfolio for the periods presented (in thousands). Substantially all of the activity shown below occurred within the banking segment. 

Year Ended December 31, Loans Held for Investment 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year 91,352 149,044 61,136 Transition adjustment for adoption of CECL accounting standard 12,562 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 8,309 (58,213) 96,491 Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial real estate 128 266 613 Commercial and industrial 2,746 2,656 1,834 Construction and land development 2 1-4 family residential 133 546 54 Consumer 289 281 392 Broker-dealer Total recoveries 3,296 3,749 2,895 Loans charged off: Commercial real estate 310 4,517 Commercial and industrial 6,945 2,249 18,158 Construction and land development 2 1-4 family residential 138 312 748 Consumer 432 357 615 Broker-dealer Total charge-offs 7,515 3,228 24,040 Net recoveries (charge-offs) (4,219) 521 (21,145) Balance, end of year 95,442 91,352 149,044 Average total loans for the year 7,840,848 7,645,292 7,618,723 Total loans held for investment (end of year) 8,092,673 7,879,904 7,693,141 Ratios: Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average total loans held for investment (1) (0.05) 0.01 (0.28) Non-accrual loans to total loans held for investment (end of year) 0.30 0.60 0.87 Allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment to: Total loans held for investment (end of year) 1.18 1.16 1.94 Non-accrual loans held for investment (end of year) 386.81 193.08 222.14 

 (1) Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average total loans held for investment ratio presented on a consolidated basis for all periods given relative immateriality of resulting measure by loan portfolio segment. Total non-accrual loans decreased by 20.7 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, compared to a decrease of 27.8 million from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021. These changes in non-accrual loans were impacted by loans secured by residential real estate within our mortgage origination segment, which were classified as loans held for sale, of 4.8 million, 2.9 million and 10.9 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition to changes in non-accrual loans classified as loans held for sale, the decrease in non-accrual loans during 2022 was primarily due to principal paydowns, settlements and charge-offs associated with several commercial and industrial, single family residential loan and commercial real estate owner occupied loan relationships, while the decrease in non-accrual loans during 2021 was primarily due to principal paydowns associated with several commercial and industrial and commercial real estate owner occupied relationships. As previously discussed in detail within this section, the allowance for credit losses has fluctuated significantly from period to period, which impacted the resulting ratios noted in the table above. During 2020, the significant build in the allowance was primarily due to the adoption of the new CECL standard and recorded transition adjustment entries as well as the deteriorating economic outlook due to the COVID-19 pandemic, while during 2021 the significant decline in the allowance for credit losses reflected improvement in both realized economic results and the macroeconomic outlook due to 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 improvements in both macroeconomic forecast assumptions and credit quality metrics on COVID-19 impacted industry sector exposures. The distribution of the allowance for credit losses among loan types and the percentage of the loans for that type to gross loans, excluding unearned income, within our loan portfolio is presented in the table below (dollars in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 of of of Gross Gross Gross Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses Reserve Loans Reserve Loans Reserve Loans Commercial real estate 63,255 40.11 59,354 38.61 109,629 40.74 Commercial and industrial 16,035 20.26 21,982 23.80 27,703 34.16 Construction and land development 6,051 12.12 4,674 11.33 6,677 10.77 1-4 family residential 9,313 21.84 4,589 16.54 3,946 8.19 Consumer 554 0.34 578 0.41 876 0.46 Broker-dealer 234 5.33 175 9.31 213 5.68 Total 95,442 100.00 91,352 100.00 149,044 100.00 The following table summarizes historical levels of the allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment, distributed by portfolio segment (in thousands). 

December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31, December 31, 2022 2022 2022 2022 2021 Commercial real estate 63,255 63,200 63,719 60,361 59,354 Commercial and industrial 16,035 16,108 19,836 20,130 21,982 Construction and land development 6,051 4,768 4,996 5,515 4,674 1-4 family residential 9,313 6,612 5,554 4,340 4,589 Consumer 554 574 542 499 578 Broker-dealer 234 521 651 340 175 95,442 91,783 95,298 91,185 91,352 Unfunded Loan Commitments In order to estimate the allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments, the Bank uses a process similar to that used in estimating the allowance for credit losses on the funded portion. The allowance is based on the estimated exposure at default, multiplied by the lifetime probability of default grade and loss given default grade for that particular loan segment. The Bank estimates expected losses by calculating a commitment usage factor based on industry usage factors. The commitment usage factor is applied over the relevant contractual period. Loss factors from the underlying loans to which commitments are related are applied to the results of the usage calculation to estimate any liability for credit losses related for each loan type. Letters of credit are not currently reserved because they are issued primarily as credit enhancements and the likelihood of funding is low. Changes in the allowance for credit losses for loans with off-balance sheet credit exposures are shown below (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year 5,880 8,388 2,075 Transition adjustment CECL accounting standard 3,837 Other noninterest expense 1,904 (2,508) 2,476 Balance, end of year 7,784 5,880 8,388 As previously discussed, we adopted the new CECL standard and recorded a transition adjustment entry that resulted in an allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments of 5.9 million as of January 1, 2020. During 2021, the decrease in the allowance for unfunded commitments was primarily due to improvements in loan expected loss rates. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 During 2022, the increase in the allowance for unfunded commitments was due to increases in both loan expected loss rates and available commitment balances. Potential Problem Loans Potential problem loans consist of loans that are performing in accordance with contractual terms but for which management has concerns about the ability of an obligor to continue to comply with repayment terms because of the obligor s potential operating or financial difficulties. Management monitors these loans and reviews their performance on a regular basis. Potential problem loans contain potential weaknesses that could improve, persist or further deteriorate. If such potential weaknesses persist without improving, the loan is subject to downgrade, typically to substandard, in three to six months. Potential problem loans are assigned a grade of special mention within our risk grading matrix. Potential problem loans do not include purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans because PCD loans exhibited evidence of more than insignificant credit deterioration at acquisition that made it probable that all contractually required principal payments would not be collected. Additionally, potential problem loans do not include loans that have been modified in connection with our COVID-19 payment deferment programs which allow for a deferral of principal and/or interest payments. Within our loan portfolio, we had four credit relationships totaling 4.0 million of potential problem loans at December 31, 2022, compared with two credit relationships totaling 3.1 million of potential problem loans at December 31, 2021 and seven credit relationships totaling 11.3 million of potential problem loans at December 31, 2020. Non-Performing Assets In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES Act was passed in March 2020, which among other things, allowed the Bank to suspend the TDR requirements for certain loan modifications to be categorized as a TDR. Subsequent legislation extended such provisions through January 1, 2022. Starting in March 2020, the Bank implemented several actions to better support our impacted banking clients and allow for loan modifications such as principal and/or interest payment deferrals, participation in the PPP as an SBA preferred lender and personal banking assistance including waived fees, increased daily spending limits and suspension of residential foreclosure activities. The COVID-19 payment deferment programs allowed for a deferral of principal and/or interest payments with such deferred principal payments due and payable on the maturity date of the existing loan. The following table presents components of our non-performing assets (dollars in thousands). 

December 31, Variance 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis: Commercial real estate 4,269 6,601 11,133 (2,332) (4,532) Commercial and industrial 9,095 22,478 34,049 (13,383) (11,571) Construction and land development 198 2 507 196 (505) 1-4 family residential 15,941 21,123 32,263 (5,182) (11,140) Consumer 14 23 28 (9) (5) Broker-dealer 29,517 50,227 77,980 (20,710) (27,753) Troubled debt restructurings included in accruing loans held for investment 803 922 1,954 (119) (1,032) Non-performing loans 30,320 51,149 79,934 (20,829) (28,785) Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans 0.33 0.52 0.76 (0.19) (0.24) Other real estate owned 2,325 2,833 21,289 (508) (18,456) Other repossessed assets 101 (101) Non-performing assets 32,645 53,982 101,324 (21,337) (47,342) Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 0.20 0.29 0.60 (0.09) (0.31) Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 92,099 60,775 243,630 31,324 (182,855) At December 31, 2022, non-accrual loans included 40 commercial and industrial relationships with loans secured by accounts receivable, automobiles, equipment and notes receivable. Non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 also 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 included 4.8 million of loans secured by residential real estate which were classified as loans held for sale. At December 31, 2021, non-accrual loans included 45 commercial and industrial relationships with loans secured by accounts receivable, life insurance, oil and gas, livestock and equipment. Non-accrual loans at December 31, 2021 also included 2.9 million of loans secured by residential real estate which were classified as loans held for sale. At December 31, 2020, non-accrual loans included 60 commercial and industrial relationships with loans secured by accounts receivable, life insurance, livestock, oil and gas, and equipment. Non-accrual loans at December 31, 2020 also included 10.9 million of loans secured by residential real estate which were classified as loans held for sale. At December 31, 2022, TDRs were comprised of 0.8 million of loans that are considered to be performing and accruing, and 5.8 million of loans considered to be non-performing reported in non-accrual loans. At December 31, 2021, TDRs were comprised of 0.9 million of loans that were considered to be performing and accruing, and 5.9 million of loans that were considered to be non-performing reported in non-accrual loans. At December 31, 2020, TDRs were comprised of 2.0 million of loans that were considered to be performing and accruing, and 16.0 million of loans considered to be non-performing reported in non-accrual loans. In March 2020, the CARES Act was passed, which, among other things, allowed the Bank to suspend the requirements for certain loan modifications to be categorized as a TDR. Therefore, the Bank has not reported COVID-19 related modifications as TDRs through January 1, 2022 when the provisions expired. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had no loans remaining under the COVID-19 related modifications program. OREO decreased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily due to disposals and valuation adjustments totaling 1.8 million, partially offset by additions totaling 1.3 million. OREO decreased from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021, primarily due to disposals and valuation adjustments totaling 22.0 million, partially offset by additions totaling of 3.6 million. Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were primarily comprised of loans held for sale and guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, including GNMA related loans subject to repurchase within our mortgage origination segment. The significant decrease in loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing at December 31, 2021, compared to December 31, 2020, was due to the sale of mortgage loans previously included within this non-performing assets category. As of December 31, 2022, 43.8 million of loans subject to repurchase were under a forbearance agreement resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. During May 2020, GNMA announced it will temporarily exclude any new GNMA lender delinquencies, occurring on or after April 2020, when calculating the delinquency ratios for the purposes of enforcing compliance with its delinquency rate thresholds. This exclusion is extended automatically to GNMA lenders that were compliant with GNMA s delinquency rate thresholds as reflected by their April 2020 investor accounting report. The mortgage origination segment qualified for this exclusion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 43.8 million of loans subject to repurchase under a forbearance agreement had delinquencies on or after April 2020. Deposits The banking segment s major source of funds and liquidity is its deposit base. Deposits provide funding for its investments in loans and securities. Interest paid for deposits must be managed carefully to control the level of interest expense and overall net interest margin. The composition of the deposit base (time deposits versus interest-bearing demand deposits and savings), as discussed in more detail within the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Banking Segment below, is constantly changing due to the banking segment s needs and market conditions. Currently, the banking segment is facing significant competition for its deposit base as customers seek higher yields on deposits. Separately, in an effort to assist its customers in avoiding overdraft-related fees, our banking segment implemented certain fee enhancements beginning October 1, 2022. Such fee enhancements are not expected to have a material impact on its overall operating results. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the average balance of, and rate paid on, consolidated deposits (dollars in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Average Average Average Average Average Balance Rate Paid Balance Rate Paid Balance Rate Paid Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 4,455,779 0.00 4,157,962 0.00 3,304,475 0.00 Interest-bearing demand deposits 6,320,654 0.68 6,077,660 0.19 5,284,582 0.31 Savings deposits 330,743 0.22 295,075 0.06 231,996 0.07 Time deposits 910,104 0.73 1,349,849 0.86 1,880,543 1.11 12,017,280 0.42 11,880,546 0.20 10,701,596 0.35 The following table presents the scheduled maturities of uninsured deposits greater than 250,000 as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands). 

Months to maturity: 3 months or less 45,058 3 months to 6 months 32,812 6 months to 12 months 128,392 Over 12 months 161,094 367,356 Borrowings Our consolidated borrowings associated with continuing operations are shown in the table below (dollars in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Average Average Balance Rate Paid Balance Rate Paid Balance Rate Paid Short-term borrowings 970,056 2.27 859,444 1.22 695,798 1.46 Notes payable 346,654 4.33 387,904 5.79 381,987 4.54 Junior subordinated debentures 3.45 67,012 4.13 1,316,710 2.86 1,247,348 1.32 1,144,797 2.51 Short-term borrowings consisted of federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, borrowings at the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), short-term bank loans and commercial paper. The increase in short-term borrowings at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021, primarily reflected increases in federal funds purchased by the banking segment and securities sold under agreements to repurchase by the broker-dealer segment, partially offset by decreases in commercial paper and short-term bank loans within the broker-dealer segment. The decrease in short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021 compared with December 31, 2020 included increases in short-term bank loans and commercial paper used by the Hilltop Broker-Dealers to finance their activities, partially offset by a decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase by the Hilltop Broker-Dealers given increased utilization of internal funds. Notes payable at December 31, 2022 was comprised of 149.3 million related to the Senior Notes, net of loan origination fees, Subordinated Notes (defined hereafter), net of origination fees, of 197.4 million and mortgage origination segment borrowings of 0 million. Notes payable at December 31, 2021 was comprised of 149.1 million related to Senior Notes, net of loan origination fees, Subordinated Notes, net of origination fees, of 197.1 million and mortgage origination segment borrowings of 41.7 million. Notes payable at December 31, 2020 was comprised of 148.9 million related to Senior Notes, net of loan origination fees, Subordinated Notes, net of origination fees, of 196.8 million and mortgage origination segment borrowings of 36.2 million. As discussed in more detail within the section titled Liquidity and Capital Resources Junior Subordinated Debentures below, during the third quarter of 2021, PCC fully redeemed all outstanding Debentures. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Hilltop is a financial holding company whose assets primarily consist of the stock of its subsidiaries and invested assets. Hilltop s primary investment objectives, as a holding company, are to support capital deployment for organic growth and to preserve capital to be deployed through acquisitions, dividend payments and stock repurchases. At December 31, 2022, Hilltop had 172.5 million in cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 195.4 million from 367.9 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to cash outflows of 442.3 million in stock repurchases related to the tender offer, 43.0 million in cash dividends declared, and other general corporate expenses, partially offset by the receipt of 328.2 million of dividends from subsidiaries. Subject to regulatory restrictions, Hilltop has received, and may also continue to receive, dividends from its subsidiaries. If necessary or appropriate, we may also finance acquisitions with the proceeds from equity or debt issuances. We believe that Hilltop s liquidity is sufficient for the foreseeable future, with current short-term liquidity needs including operating expenses, interest on debt obligations, dividend payments to stockholders and potential stock repurchases. Economic Environment As previously discussed, operational and financial headwinds during 2022 have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our operating results during 2023. The impacts of noted headwinds in 2023 are highly uncertain and will depend on several developments outside of our control, including, among others, timing and significance of changes in U.S. treasury yields and mortgage interest rates, exposure to increasing funding costs, inflationary pressures associated with compensation, occupancy and software costs and labor market conditions, the Russian-Ukraine conflict and its impact on supply chains, as well as the impact of the pandemic continuing to recede. As demonstrated during the extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets beginning in March 2020 resulting from the COVID-19 crisis and its negative impact on the economy, we will continue to monitor the economic environment and evaluate appropriate actions to enhance our financial flexibility, protect capital, minimize losses and ensure target liquidity levels. Dividend Program and Declaration In October 2016, we announced that our board of directors authorized a dividend program under which we intend to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, subject to quarterly declarations by our board of directors. During 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.60 per common share, or 43.0 million. On January 26, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per common share, payable on February 24, 2023 to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023. Future dividends on our common stock are subject to the determination by the board of directors based on an evaluation of our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital resources, the general economic and regulatory climate, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common stock and other factors. Stock Repurchases In January 2022, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2023, pursuant to which we were originally authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 100.0 million of our outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. As a result of share repurchases during 2022, including the tender offer described below, we had no further available share repurchase capacity associated with our previously authorized stock repurchase program. In January 2023, our board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2024, pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to 75.0 million of our outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. Under the stock repurchase program authorized, we may repurchase shares in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions as permitted under Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The extent to which we repurchase our shares and the timing of such 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 repurchases depends upon market conditions and other corporate considerations, as determined by Hilltop s management team. Repurchased shares will be returned to our pool of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, signed into law during August 2022, introduced a nondeductible excise tax equal to 1 of the fair market value of certain shares repurchased beginning in 2023, subject to certain limitations. While we may complete transactions subject to the new excise tax, we do not expect the tax to have a material impact to our financial condition or results of operations. Tender Offer On May 2, 2022, we announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase shares of our common stock for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to 400 million, inclusive of the aforementioned stock repurchase program. On May 27, 2022 including the exercise of our right to purchase up to an additional 2 of our outstanding shares, we completed our tender offer, repurchasing 14,868,469 shares of outstanding common stock at a price of 29.75 per share for a total of 442.3 million. We funded the tender offer with cash on hand. Senior Notes due 2025 On April 9, 2015, we completed an offering of 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 5 senior notes due 2025 Senior Unregistered Notes in a private offering that was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Senior Unregistered Notes were offered within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to persons outside of the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Senior Unregistered Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015 (the indenture ), by and between Hilltop and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting estimated fees and expenses and the initial purchasers discounts, were approximately 148 million. We used the net proceeds of the offering to redeem all of our outstanding Series B Preferred Stock at an aggregate liquidation value of 114.1 million, plus accrued but unpaid dividends of 0.4 million, and Hilltop utilized the remainder for general corporate purposes. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Unregistered Notes, on April 9, 2015, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchasers of the Senior Unregistered Notes. Under the terms of the registration rights agreement, we agreed to offer to exchange the Senior Unregistered Notes for notes registered under the Securities Act (the Senior Registered Notes ). The terms of the Senior Registered Notes are substantially identical to the Senior Unregistered Notes for which they were exchanged (including principal amount, interest rate, maturity and redemption rights), except that the Senior Registered Notes generally are not subject to transfer restrictions. On May 22, 2015, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Senior Registered Notes prospectus, we commenced an offer to exchange the outstanding Senior Unregistered Notes for Senior Registered Notes. Substantially all of the Senior Unregistered Notes were tendered for exchange, and on June 22, 2015, we fulfilled all of the requirements of the registration rights agreement for the Senior Unregistered Notes by issuing Senior Registered Notes in exchange for the tendered Senior Unregistered Notes. We refer to the Senior Registered Notes and the Senior Unregistered Notes that remain outstanding collectively as the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 5 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on October 15, 2015. The Senior Notes will mature on April 15, 2025, unless we redeem the Senior Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or after January 15, 2025 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Senior Notes) at our election at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. At December 31, 2022, 150.0 million of our Senior Notes was outstanding. The indenture contains covenants that limit our ability to, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions: (i) dispose of or issue voting stock of certain of our bank subsidiaries or subsidiaries that own voting stock of our bank subsidiaries, (ii) incur or permit to exist any mortgage, pledge, encumbrance or lien or charge on the capital stock of certain of our bank subsidiaries or subsidiaries that own capital stock of our bank subsidiaries and (iii) sell all or substantially all of our assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies. The indenture also provides for 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 certain events of default, which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal amount, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest on the then outstanding Senior Notes to be declared immediately due and payable. Subordinated Notes due 2030 and 2035 On May 7, 2020, we completed a public offering of 50 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2030 (the 2030 Subordinated Notes and 150 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125 fixed-to-floating subordinated notes due May 15, 2035 (the 2035 Subordinated Notes ). We collectively refer to the 2030 Subordinated Notes and the 2035 Subordinated Notes as the Subordinated Notes . The price to the public for the Subordinated Notes was 100 of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and fees and expenses of 3.4 million, were 196.6 million. We may redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, from time to time, subject to obtaining Federal Reserve approval, beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2025 for the 2030 Subordinated Notes and beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2030 for the 2035 Subordinated Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. The 2030 Subordinated Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.75 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears commencing on November 15, 2020. The interest rate for the 2030 Subordinated Notes will reset quarterly beginning May 15, 2025 to an interest rate, per year, equal to the then-current benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term SOFR rate, plus 5.68 , payable quarterly in arrears. The 2035 Subordinated Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.125 per year, payable semi-annually in arrears commencing on November 15, 2020. The interest rate for the 2035 Subordinated Notes will reset quarterly beginning May 15, 2030 to an interest rate, per year, equal to the then-current benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term SOFR rate plus 5.80 , payable quarterly in arrears. At December 31, 2022, 200.0 million of our Subordinated Notes was outstanding. Junior Subordinated Debentures Following receipt of regulatory approval, during June, July and August 2021, PCC submitted to the trustees of each of the statutory trusts a notice to redeem in full outstanding Debentures of 67.0 million issued by PCC, which resulted in the full redemption to the holders of the associated preferred securities and common securities during the third quarter of 2021. The Debentures, which were held by four statutory trusts created for the sole purpose of issuing and selling preferred securities and common securities used to acquire the Debentures, had an original stated term of 30 years with original maturities ranging from July 2031 to February 2038. The Debentures were callable at PCC s discretion with a minimum of a 45- to 60- day notice. At December 31, 2022, PCC had no remaining borrowings associated with the Debentures. The redemptions noted above were funded from available cash balances held at PCC. Regulatory Capital We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements may prompt certain actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Under capital adequacy and regulatory requirements, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. In order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, stock repurchases and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Basel III requires banking organizations to maintain a capital conservation buffer above minimum risk-based capital requirements measured relative to risk-weighted assets. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows PlainsCapital s and Hilltop s actual capital amounts and ratios in accordance with Basel III compared to the regulatory minimum capital requirements including conservation buffer ratio in effect at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). Based on actual capital amounts and ratios shown in the following table, PlainsCapital s ratios place it in the well capitalized (as defined) capital category under regulatory requirements. Actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2022 reflect PlainsCapital s and Hilltop s decision to elect the transition option as issued by the federal banking regulatory agencies in March 2020 that permits banking institutions to mitigate the estimated cumulative regulatory capital effects from CECL over a five-year transitionary period. 

Minimum Capital Requirements Including Conservation To Be Well December 31, 2022 Buffer Capitalized Amount Ratio Ratio Ratio Tier 1 capital (to average assets): PlainsCapital 1,405,164 10.26 4.0 5.0 Hilltop 1,900,701 11.47 4.0 N/A Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital 1,405,164 14.98 7.0 6.5 Hilltop 1,900,701 18.23 7.0 N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital 1,405,164 14.98 8.5 8.0 Hilltop 1,900,701 18.23 8.5 N/A Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital 1,492,576 15.91 10.5 10.0 Hilltop 2,187,652 20.98 10.5 N/A We discuss regulatory capital requirements in more detail in Note 22 to our consolidated financial statements, as well as under the caption Government Supervision and Regulation Corporate Capital Adequacy Requirements and BASEL III set forth in Part I, Item I. of this Annual Report. Banking Segment Within our banking segment, our primary uses of cash are for customer withdrawals and extensions of credit as well as our borrowing costs and other operating expenses. Our corporate treasury group is responsible for continuously monitoring our liquidity position to ensure that our assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet our short-term and long-term cash requirements. Our goal is to manage our liquidity position in a manner such that we can meet our customers short-term and long-term deposit withdrawals and anticipated and unanticipated increases in loan demand without penalizing earnings. Funds invested in short-term marketable instruments, the continuous maturing of other interest-earning assets, cash flows from self-liquidating investments such as mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, the possible sale of available for sale securities, and the ability to securitize certain types of loans provide sources of liquidity from an asset perspective. The liability base provides sources of liquidity through deposits and the maturity structure of short-term borrowed funds. For short-term liquidity needs, we utilize federal fund lines of credit with correspondent banks, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, borrowings from the Federal Reserve and borrowings under lines of credit with other financial institutions. For intermediate liquidity needs, we utilize advances from the FHLB. To supply liquidity over the longer term, we have access to brokered time deposits, term loans at the FHLB and borrowings under lines of credit with other financial institutions. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 The above sources of liquidity allow the banking segment to meet increased liquidity demands without adversely affecting daily operations. The Bank s borrowing capacity through access to secured funding sources is summarized in the following table (in millions). 

December 31, 2022 2021 FHLB capacity 4,139 4,221 Investment portfolio (available) 1,606 1,478 Fed deposits (excess daily requirements) 1,332 2,686 7,077 8,385 As noted in the table above, the Bank s available liquidity position and borrowing capacity at December 31, 2022 and 2021 continued to be at a heightened level. The Bank targets available liquidity from collateralized sources of between approximately 5 billion and 6 billion. Available liquidity does not include borrowing capacity available through the discount window at the Federal Reserve. Within our banking segment, deposit flows are affected by the level of market interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by competitors, the volatility of equity markets and other factors. An economic recovery and improved commercial real estate investment outlook may result in an outflow of deposits at an accelerated pace as customers utilize such available funds for expanded operations and investment opportunities. The Bank regularly evaluates its deposit products and pricing structures relative to the market to maintain competitiveness over time. Currently, the Bank is facing significant competition from bank and non-bank competitors for its deposit base and expects that its interest expense on certain deposits will continue to increase during 2023 as customers seek higher yields on deposits. The Bank s 15 largest depositors, excluding Hilltop and Hilltop Securities, collectively accounted for 8.93 of the Bank s total deposits, and the Bank s five largest depositors, excluding Hilltop and Hilltop Securities, collectively accounted for 4.63 of the Bank s total deposits at December 31, 2022. The loss of one or more of our largest Bank customers, or a significant decline in our deposit balances due to ordinary course fluctuations related to these customers businesses, could adversely affect our liquidity and might require us to raise deposit rates to attract new deposits, purchase federal funds or borrow funds on a short-term basis to replace such deposits. Broker-Dealer Segment The Hilltop Broker-Dealers rely on their equity capital, short-term bank borrowings, interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing client credit balances, correspondent deposits, securities lending arrangements, repurchase agreement financing, commercial paper issuances and other payables to finance their assets and operations, subject to their respective compliance with broker-dealer net capital and customer protection rules. At December 31, 2022, Hilltop Securities had credit arrangements with three unaffiliated banks, with maximum aggregate commitments of up to 500.0 million. These credit arrangements are used to finance securities owned, securities held for correspondent accounts, receivables in customer margin accounts and underwriting activities. These credit arrangements are provided on an as offered basis and are not committed lines of credit. In addition, Hilltop Securities has committed revolving credit facilities with three unaffiliated banks, with aggregate availability of up to 250.0 million. At December 31, 2022, Hilltop Securities had 57.5 million in borrowings under its credit arrangements and had no borrowings under its credit facilities. Hilltop Securities uses the net proceeds (after deducting related issuance expenses) from the sale of two commercial paper programs for general corporate purposes, including working capital and the funding of a portion of its securities inventories. The commercial paper notes CP Notes may be issued with maturities of 14 days to 270 days from the date of issuance. The CP Notes are issued under two separate programs, Series 2019-1 CP Notes and Series 2019-2 CP Notes, in maximum aggregate amounts of 300 million and 200 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average maturity of the CP Notes was 138 days at a rate of 4.96 , with a weighted average remaining life of 65 days. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount outstanding under these secured arrangements was 217.6 million, which was collateralized by securities held for Hilltop Securities accounts valued at 239.4 million. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage Origination Segment PrimeLending funds the mortgage loans it originates through a warehouse line of credit maintained with the Bank which had a total commitment of 2.0 billion, of which 859 million was drawn at December 31, 2022. PrimeLending sells substantially all mortgage loans it originates to various investors in the secondary market, historically with the majority with servicing released. As these mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market, PrimeLending pays down its warehouse line of credit with the Bank. In addition, PrimeLending has an available line of credit with an unaffiliated bank of up to 1.0 million, of which no borrowings were drawn at December 31, 2022. PrimeLending owns a 100 membership interest in PrimeLending Ventures Management, LLC Ventures Management which holds a controlling ownership interest in and is the managing member of certain ABAs. At December 31, 2022, these ABAs had combined available lines of credit totaling 115 million, 40 million of which was with a single unaffiliated bank, and the remaining 75.0 million of which was with the Bank. At December 31, 2022, Ventures Management had outstanding borrowings of 29.0 million, all of which was with the Bank. Other Material Contractual Obligations, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Guarantees The following table presents information regarding other material contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 not previously discussed (in thousands). Payments related to leases are based on actual payments specified in the underlying contracts, and the table below includes all leases that had commenced as of December 31, 2022. 

Payments Due by Period More than 1 3 Years or 1 year Year but Less More but Less 5 Years or Less than 3 Years than 5 Years or More Total Finance lease obligations 1,280 2,049 1,261 149 4,739 Operating lease obligations 35,123 47,672 29,446 28,765 141,006 Total 36,403 49,721 30,707 28,914 145,745 Additionally, in the normal course of business, we enter into various transactions, which, in accordance with GAAP, are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. We enter into these transactions to meet the financing needs of our customers. These transactions include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheets. Banking Segment We enter into contractual loan commitments to extend credit, normally with fixed expiration dates or termination clauses, at specified rates and for specific purposes. Substantially all of our commitments to extend credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards until the time of loan funding. We minimize our exposure to loss under these commitments by subjecting them to credit approval and monitoring procedures. We assess the credit risk associated with certain commitments to extend credit and have recorded a liability related to such credit risk in our consolidated financial statements. Standby letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. In the event the customer does not perform in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the third party, we would be required to fund the commitment. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make is represented by the contractual amount of the commitment. If the commitment is funded, we would be entitled to seek recovery from the customer. Our policies generally require that standby letter of credit arrangements contain security and debt covenants similar to those contained in loan agreements. In the aggregate, the Bank had outstanding unused commitments to extend credit of 2.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and outstanding financial and performance standby letters of credit of 75.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Broker-Dealer Segment The Hilltop Broker-Dealers execute, settle and finance various securities transactions that may expose the Hilltop Broker-Dealers to off-balance sheet risk in the event that a customer or counterparty does not fulfill its contractual obligations. Examples of such transactions include the sale of securities not yet purchased by customers or for the account of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, use of derivatives to support certain non-profit housing organization clients, clearing agreements between the Hilltop Broker-Dealers and various clearinghouses and broker-dealers, secured financing arrangements that involve pledged securities, and when-issued underwriting and purchase commitments. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices Our consolidated financial statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which presently require us to measure financial position and operating results primarily in terms of historic dollars. Changes in the relative value of money due to inflation or recession are generally not considered. The primary effect of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Historically, changes in interest rates affect the financial condition of a financial institution to a far greater degree than changes in the inflation rate. However, inflation rose sharply at the end of 2021 and has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Furthermore, a prolonged period of inflation could cause our costs, including compensation, occupancy and software costs, to increase, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. While interest rates are greatly influenced by changes in the inflation rate, they do not necessarily change at the same rate or in the same magnitude as the inflation rate. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including changes in the expected rate of inflation, the influence of general and local economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government, its agencies and various other governmental regulatory authorities. Critical Accounting Estimates We have identified certain accounting estimates which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Actual amounts and values as of the balance sheet dates may be materially different than the amounts and values reported due to the inherent uncertainty in the estimation process. Also, future amounts and values could differ materially from those estimates due to changes in values and circumstances after the balance sheet date. The critical accounting estimates, as summarized below, which we believe to be the most critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements relate to allowance for credit losses, mortgage servicing rights asset, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets and mortgage loan indemnification liability. Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses for loans represents management s estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Subsequent evaluations of the then existing loan portfolio, in light of the factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in those future periods. We employ a disciplined process and methodology to establish our allowance for credit losses that has two basic components: first, an asset-specific component involving individual loans that do not share risk characteristics with other loans and the measurement of expected credit losses for such individual loans; and second, a pooled component for estimated expected credit losses for pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics. The credit loss estimation process for both on and off-balance sheet exposures involves procedures to appropriately consider the unique characteristics of our loan portfolio segments, which are further disaggregated into loan classes, the level at which credit risk is monitored. When computing allowance levels, credit loss assumptions are estimated using 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 models that analyze loans according to credit risk ratings, loss history, delinquency status and other credit trends and risk characteristics, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. Significant variables that impact the modeled losses across our loan portfolios are the U.S. Real Gross Domestic Product, or GDP, growth rates and unemployment rate assumptions. Future factors and forecasts may result in significant changes in the allowance and provision for (reversal of) credit losses in those future periods. Credit quality is assessed and monitored by evaluating various attributes, such as credit risk ratings, historic loss experience, past due status and other credit trends and risk characteristics, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. The results of these continuous credit quality evaluations help form our underwriting criteria for new loans and also factor into the process for estimation of the allowance for credit losses. The allowance level is influenced by loan volumes, loan asset quality, delinquency status, historic loss experience and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. The allowance for credit losses will primarily reflect estimated losses for pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics, but will also consider individual loans that do not share risk characteristics with other loans. In estimating the component of the allowance for credit losses for loans that share similar risk characteristics with other loans, such loans are segregated into loan classes. Loans are designated into loan classes based on loans pooled by product types and similar risk characteristics or areas of risk concentration. In determining the allowance for credit losses, we derive an estimated credit loss assumption from a model that categorizes loan pools based on loan type and internal risk rating or delinquency bucket. When a loan moves to a substandard non-accrual or worse risk rating grade, it is removed from the collective evaluation allowance methodology and is subject to individual evaluation. A problem asset report is prepared for each loan in excess of a predetermined threshold and the net realizable value of the loan is determined. This value is compared to the appropriate loan basis (depending on whether the loan is a PCD loan or a non-PCD loan) to determine the required allowance for credit loss reserve amount. Estimating the timing and amounts of future losses is subject to significant management judgment as these loss cash flows rely upon estimates such as default rates, loss severities, collateral valuations, the amounts and timing of principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors that are reflective of current or future expected conditions. These estimates, in turn, depend on the duration of current overall economic conditions, industry, borrower, or portfolio specific conditions, the expected outcome of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors, including the level of current and future real estate prices. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management judgment and certain assumptions that are highly subjective. Model imprecision also exists in the allowance for credit losses estimation process due to the inherent time lag of available industry information and differences between expected and actual outcomes. The provision for (reversal of) credit losses recorded through earnings, and reduced by the charge-off of loan amounts, net of recoveries, is the amount necessary to maintain the allowance for credit losses at the amount of expected credit losses inherent within the loans held for investment portfolio. The amount of expense and the corresponding level of allowance for credit losses for loans are based on our evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio based on historical loss experience, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and other significant qualitative and quantitative factors. Refer to Financial Condition Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the methodology used in establishing the allowance and changes during the relevant period in the provision for (reversal of) credit losses. Mortgage Servicing Rights Asset The Company measures its residential mortgage servicing rights asset using the fair value method. Under the fair value method, the retained MSR assets are carried in the balance sheet at fair value and the changes in fair value are reported in earnings within other noninterest income in the period in which the change occurs. Retained MSR assets are measured at fair value as of the date of sale of the related mortgage loan. Subsequent fair value measurements are determined using a discounted cash flow model. In order to determine the fair value of the MSR asset, the present value of expected future 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 cash flows is estimated. Assumptions used include market discount rates, anticipated prepayment speeds, delinquency and foreclosure rates, and ancillary fee income. The model assumptions and the MSR asset fair value estimates are compared to observable trades of similar portfolios as well as to MSR asset broker valuations and industry surveys, as available. The expected life of the loan can vary from management s estimates due to prepayments by borrowers, especially when rates fall. Prepayments in excess of management s estimates would adversely impact the recorded value of the MSR asset. The value of the MSR asset is also dependent upon the discount rate used in the model, which is based on current market rates and is reviewed by management on an ongoing basis. An increase in the discount rate would result in a decrease in the value of the MSR asset. Refer to Notes 1, 4 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the methodology used in establishing the MSR asset and changes during the relevant period thereof. Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are initially recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill and other intangible assets having an indefinite useful life are not amortized for financial statement purposes. In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets may be impaired, an interim impairment test would be required. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. We perform required annual impairment tests of our goodwill and other intangible assets as of October 1 st for our reporting units. The goodwill impairment test requires us to make judgments and assumptions. The test consists of estimating the fair value of each reporting unit based on valuation techniques, including a discounted cash flow model using revenue and profit forecasts and recent industry transaction and trading multiples of our peers, and comparing those estimated fair values with the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of each reporting unit, which includes the allocated goodwill. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, we will recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, any loss recognized will not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. This evaluation includes multiple assumptions, including estimated discounted cash flows and other estimates that may change over time. If future discounted cash flows become less than those projected by us, future impairment charges may become necessary that could have a materially adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition in the period in which the write-off occurs. Mortgage Loan Indemnification Liability The mortgage origination segment may be responsible for errors or omissions relating to its representations and warranties that the mortgage loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with a mortgage loan. If determined to be at fault, the mortgage origination segment either repurchases the mortgage loans from the investors or reimburses the investors losses (a make-whole payment). The mortgage origination segment has established an indemnification liability for such probable losses based upon, among other things, the level of current unresolved repurchase requests, the volume of estimated probable future repurchase requests, our ability to cure the defects identified in the repurchase requests, and the severity of an estimated loss upon repurchase. Although we consider this reserve to be appropriate, there can be no assurance that the reserve will prove to be appropriate over time to cover ultimate losses due to conditions outside of our control such as unanticipated adverse changes in the economy and historical loss patterns, discrete events adversely affecting specific borrowers or industries, or actions taken by institutions or investors. The impact of such matters will be considered in the reserving process when known. Refer to Segment Results from Continuing Operations Mortgage Origination Segment and Notes 1 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the methodology used in establishing the mortgage loan indemnification liability and changes during the relevant period thereof. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may result from changes in value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in interest rates, market prices and the credit perception of an issuer. The disclosure is not meant to be a precise indicator of expected future losses, but rather an indicator of reasonably possible losses, and therefore our actual results may differ from any of the following projections. This forward-looking information provides an indicator of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. Banking Segment The banking segment is engaged primarily in the business of investing funds obtained from deposits and borrowings in interest-earning loans and investments, and our primary component of market risk is sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Consequently, our earnings depend to a significant extent on our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on loans and investments and our interest expense on deposits and borrowings. To the extent that our interest-bearing liabilities do not reprice or mature at the same time as our interest-bearing assets, we are subject to interest rate risk and corresponding fluctuations in net interest income. There are several common sources of interest rate risk that must be effectively managed if there is to be minimal impact on our earnings and capital. Repricing risk arises largely from timing differences in the pricing of assets and liabilities. Reinvestment risk refers to the reinvestment of cash flows from interest payments and maturing assets at lower or higher rates. Basis risk exists when different yield curves or pricing indices do not change at precisely the same time or in the same magnitude such that assets and liabilities with the same maturity are not all affected equally. Yield curve risk refers to unequal movements in interest rates across a full range of maturities. We have employed asset/liability management policies that attempt to manage our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, thereby attempting to control the volatility of net interest income, without having to incur unacceptable levels of risk. We employ procedures which include interest rate shock analysis, repricing gap analysis and balance sheet decomposition techniques to help mitigate interest rate risk in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the asset/liability management policies permit the use of various derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk or hedge specified assets and liabilities. To help mitigate net interest income spread compression between our assets and liabilities as the Federal Reserve increases interest rates, management continues to execute certain derivative trades, as either cash flow hedges or fair value hedges, that benefit the banking segment as interest rates rise. Any changes in interest rates across the term structure will continue to impact net interest income and net interest margin. The impact of rate movements will change with the shape of the yield curve, including any changes in steepness or flatness and inversions at any points on the yield curve. An interest rate sensitive asset or liability is one that, within a defined time period, either matures or experiences an interest rate change in line with general market interest rates. The management of interest rate risk is performed by analyzing the maturity and repricing relationships between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at specific points in time GAP and by analyzing the effects of interest rate changes on net interest income over specific periods of time by projecting the performance of the mix of assets and liabilities in varied interest rate environments. Interest rate sensitivity reflects the potential effect on net interest income resulting from a movement in interest rates. A company is considered to be asset sensitive, or have a positive GAP, when the amount of its interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a given period exceeds the amount of its interest-bearing liabilities also maturing or repricing within that time period. Conversely, a company is considered to be liability sensitive, or have a negative GAP, when the amount of its interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing within a given period exceeds the amount of its interest-earning assets also maturing or repricing within that time period. During a period of rising interest rates, a negative GAP would tend to affect net interest income adversely, while a positive GAP would tend to result in an increase in net interest income. During a period of falling interest rates, a negative GAP would tend to result in an increase in net interest income, while a positive GAP would tend to affect net interest income adversely. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 As illustrated in the table below, the banking segment is currently asset sensitive overall. Loans that adjust daily or monthly to the Wall Street Journal Prime rate comprise a large percentage of interest sensitive assets and are the primary cause of the banking segment s asset sensitivity. To help neutralize interest rate sensitivity, the banking segment has kept the terms of most of its borrowings under one year as shown in the following table (dollars in thousands). December 31, 2022 3 Months or > 3 Months to > 1 Year to > 3 Years to Less 1 Year 3 Years 5 Years > 5 Years Total Interest sensitive assets: Loans 3,924,236 1,347,554 1,986,455 843,993 441,327 8,543,565 Securities 574,432 247,538 479,613 369,439 1,073,267 2,744,289 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 78,960 78,960 Other interest sensitive assets 1,343,580 29,627 1,373,207 Total interest sensitive assets 5,921,208 1,595,092 2,466,068 1,213,432 1,544,221 12,740,021 Interest sensitive liabilities: Interest bearing checking 6,013,782 6,013,782 Savings 312,140 312,140 Time deposits 143,276 395,979 309,219 15,932 1 864,407 Notes payable and other borrowings 397,182 135 430 559 2,241 400,547 Total interest sensitive liabilities 6,866,380 396,114 309,649 16,491 2,242 7,590,876 Interest sensitivity gap (945,172) 1,198,978 2,156,419 1,196,941 1,541,979 5,149,145 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap (945,172) 253,806 2,410,225 3,607,166 5,149,145 Percentage of cumulative gap to total interest sensitive assets (7.42) 1.99 18.92 28.31 40.42 The positive GAP in the interest rate analysis indicates that banking segment net interest income would generally rise if rates increase. Because of inherent limitations in interest rate GAP analysis, the banking segment uses multiple interest rate risk measurement techniques. Simulation analysis is used to subject the current repricing conditions to rising and falling interest rates in increments and decrements of 50 to 100 basis points to determine the effect on net interest income changes for the next twelve months. The banking segment also measures the effects of changes in interest rates on economic value of equity by discounting projected cash flows of deposits and loans. Economic value changes in the investment portfolio are estimated by discounting future cash flows and using duration analysis. Investment security prepayments are estimated using current market information. We believe the simulation analysis presents a more accurate picture than the GAP analysis. Simulation analysis recognizes that deposit products may not react to changes in interest rates as quickly or with the same magnitude as earning assets contractually tied to a market rate index. The sensitivity to changes in market rates varies across deposit products. Also, unlike GAP analysis, simulation analysis takes into account the effect of embedded options in the securities and loan portfolios as well as any off-balance-sheet derivatives. The table below shows the estimated impact of a range of changes in interest rates on net interest income and on economic value of equity for the banking segment at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 

Change in Changes in Changes in Interest Rates Net Interest Income Economic Value of Equity (basis points) Amount Percent Amount Percent +300 40,069 8.80 185,702 8.72 +200 25,192 5.53 128,656 6.04 +100 13,512 2.97 84,782 3.98 -50 (6,710) (1.47) (57,214) (2.69) -100 (14,576) (3.20) (131,488) (6.18) -200 (33,663) (7.39) (229,779) (10.79) The projected changes in net interest income and economic value of equity to changes in interest rates at December 31, 2022 were in compliance with established internal policy guidelines. These projected changes are based on numerous assumptions of growth and changes in the mix of assets or liabilities. The projected changes in net interest income are being impacted by the heightened level of cash balances, which represent a significant portion of the Bank s sensitivity 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 given simulation analysis assumptions/limitations. As a result, the timing and magnitude of future changes in interest rates and any runoff of deposits, and related decline in cash, may impact projected changes in net interest income as noted in the table above. Given projected impacts on net interest income associated with the expected transition into the next phase of the interest rate cycle in 2023, we are evaluating our current GAP position, which may result in a repositioning of the banking segment towards a more neutral or liability sensitive balance sheet. Our portfolio includes loans that periodically reprice or mature prior to the end of an amortized term. Some of our variable-rate loans remain at applicable rate floors, which may delay and/or limit changes in interest income during a period of changing rates. If interest rates were to fall, the impact on our interest income would be limited by these rate floors. In addition, declining interest rates may negatively affect our cost of funds on deposits. The extent of this impact will ultimately be driven by the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate and yield curve movements, as well as changes in market conditions and timing of management strategies. If interest rates were to rise, yields on the portion of our portfolio that remain at applicable rate floors would rise more slowly than increases in market interest rates. Any changes in interest rates across the term structure will continue to impact net interest income and net interest margin. The impact of rate movements will change with the shape of the yield curve, including any changes in steepness or flatness and inversions at any points on the yield curve. Broker-Dealer Segment Our broker-dealer segment is exposed to market risk primarily due to its role as a financial intermediary in customer transactions, which may include purchases and sales of securities, use of derivatives and securities lending activities, and in our trading activities, which are used to support sales, underwriting and other customer activities. We are subject to the risk of loss that may result from the potential change in value of a financial instrument as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, market prices, investor expectations and changes in credit ratings of the issuer. Our broker-dealer segment is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of maintaining inventories of interest rate sensitive financial instruments and other interest-earning assets including customer and correspondent margin loans and receivables and securities borrowing activities. Our funding sources, which include customer and correspondent cash balances, bank borrowings, repurchase agreements and securities lending activities, also expose the broker-dealer to interest rate risk. Movement in short-term interest rates could reduce the positive spread between the broker-dealer segment s interest income and interest expense. With respect to securities held, our interest rate risk is managed by setting and monitoring limits on the size and duration of positions and on the length of time securities can be held. Much of the interest rates on customer and correspondent margin loans and receivables are indexed and can vary daily. Our funding sources are generally short term with interest rates that can vary daily. The following table categorizes the broker-dealer segment s net trading securities which are subject to interest rate and market price risk (dollars in thousands). 

December 31, 2022 1 Year > 1 Year > 5 Years or Less to 5 Years to 10 Years > 10 Years Total Trading securities, at fair value Municipal obligations 187 38,372 62,124 159,588 260,271 U.S. government and government agency obligations (940) 12,115 4,456 390,107 405,738 Corporate obligations 2,117 853 5,874 15,588 24,432 Total debt securities 1,364 51,340 72,454 565,283 690,441 Corporate equity securities (3,145) (3,145) Other 14,627 14,627 12,846 51,340 72,454 565,283 701,923 Weighted average yield Municipal obligations 0.40 3.47 3.60 3.95 3.78 U.S. government and government agency obligations 4.69 4.10 2.11 5.04 4.86 Corporate obligations 5.42 6.16 6.00 2.25 4.86 Derivatives are used to support certain customer programs and hedge our related exposure to interest rate risks. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Our broker-dealer segment is engaged in various brokerage and trading activities that expose us to credit risk arising from potential non-performance from counterparties, customers or issuers of securities. This risk is managed by setting and monitoring position limits for each counterparty, conducting periodic credit reviews of counterparties, reviewing concentrations of securities and conducting business through central clearing organizations. Collateral underlying margin loans to customers and correspondents and with respect to securities lending activities is marked to market daily and additional collateral is required as necessary. Mortgage Origination Segment Within our mortgage origination segment, our principal market exposure is to interest rate risk due to the impact on our mortgage-related assets and commitments, including mortgage loans held for sale, IRLCs and MSR. Changes in interest rates could also materially and adversely affect our volume of mortgage loan originations. IRLCs represent an agreement to extend credit to a mortgage loan applicant, whereby the interest rate on the loan is set prior to funding. Our mortgage loans held for sale, which we hold in inventory while awaiting sale into the secondary market, and our IRLCs are subject to the effects of changes in mortgage interest rates from the date of the commitment through the sale of the loan into the secondary market. As a result, we are exposed to interest rate risk and related price risk during the period from the date of the lock commitment until (i) the lock commitment cancellation or expiration date or (ii) the date of sale into the secondary mortgage market. Loan commitments generally range from 20 to 60 days, and our average holding period of the mortgage loan from funding to sale is approximately 30 days. An integral component of our interest rate risk management strategy is our execution of forward commitments to sell MBSs to minimize the impact on earnings resulting from significant fluctuations in the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and IRLCs caused by changes in interest rates. We have expanded, and may continue to expand, our residential mortgage servicing operations within our mortgage origination segment. As a result of our mortgage servicing business, we have a portfolio of retained MSR. One of the principal risks associated with MSR is that in a declining interest rate environment, they will likely lose a substantial portion of their value as a result of higher than anticipated prepayments. Moreover, if prepayments are greater than expected, the cash we receive over the life of the mortgage loans would be reduced. The mortgage origination segment uses derivative financial instruments, including U.S. Treasury bond futures and options, Eurodollar futures and forward MBS commitments, as a means to mitigate market risk associated with MSR assets. No hedging strategy can protect us completely, and hedging strategies may fail because they are improperly designed, improperly executed and documented or based on inaccurate assumptions and, as a result, could actually increase our risks and losses. The increasing size of our MSR portfolio may increase our interest rate risk and, correspondingly, the volatility of our earnings, especially if we cannot adequately hedge the interest rate risk relating to our MSR. The goal of our interest rate risk management strategy within our mortgage origination segment is not to eliminate interest rate risk, but to manage it within appropriate limits. To mitigate the risk of loss, we have established policies and procedures, which include guidelines on the amount of exposure to interest rate changes we are willing to accept. Consolidated At December 31, 2022, total debt obligations on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding short-term borrowings and unamortized debt issuance costs and premiums, were 350 million, and was all subject to fixed interest rates. If interest rates were to increase by one eighth of one percent (0.125 ), the increase in interest expense on any outstanding variable rate debt would not be expected to have a significant impact on our future consolidated earnings or cash flows. As noted above within the discussion for each business segment, on a consolidated basis, our primary component of market risk is sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Consequently, and in large part due to the significance of our banking segment, our consolidated earnings depend to a significant extent on our net interest income. Refer to the discussion in the Banking Segment section above that provides more details regarding sources of interest rate risk and asset/liability management policies and procedures employed to manage our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 liabilities, and potential future repositioning of our GAP position, thereby attempting to control the volatility of net interest income, without having to incur unacceptable levels of risk. The table below shows the estimated impact of a range of changes in interest rates on net interest income on a consolidated basis at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 

Change in Changes in Interest Rates Net Interest Income (basis points) Amount Percent +300 99,932 17.56 +200 64,953 11.41 +100 33,327 5.86 -50 (17,260) (3.03) -100 (35,646) (6.26) -200 (75,696) (13.30) The projected changes in net interest income to changes in interest rates at December 31, 2022 were in compliance with established internal policy guidelines. These projected changes are based on numerous assumptions of growth and changes in the mix of assets or liabilities. The projected changes in net interest income are being impacted by the heightened level of cash balances, which represent a significant portion of our asset sensitivity given simulation analysis assumptions/limitations. As a result, the timing and magnitude of future changes in interest rates including runoff of deposits, and related decline in cash, may impact projected changes in net interest income as noted in the table above. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Our financial statements required by this item are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report. See Financial Statements, commencing on page F-1 hereof. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the supervision and participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. This assessment included controls over the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the instructions for the Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies (Form FR Y-9C) to meet the reporting requirements of Section 112 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act. Based on our assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and issued an unqualified opinion thereon as stated in their report, which appears on page F-2. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter covered by this annual report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information . None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation . The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services . The information called for by this Item is contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 PART I V Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules . (a) The following documents are filed herewith as part of this Form 10-K. 

Page 1. Financial Statements. Hilltop Holdings Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-6 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income F-7 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable or the information has been included in our consolidated financial statements. 3. Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index preceding the signature page hereto. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Affordable Residential Communities Inc., dated February 16, 2004, as amended or supplemented by: Articles Supplementary, dated February 16, 2004; Corporate Charter Certificate of Notice, dated June 6, 2005; Articles of Amendment, dated January 23, 2007; Articles of Amendment, dated July 31, 2007; Corporate Charter Certificate of Notice, dated September 23, 2008; Articles Supplementary, dated December 15, 2010; Articles Supplementary, dated as of November 29, 2012 relating to Subtitle 8 election; Articles Supplementary, dated November 29, 2012 relating to Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, of Hilltop Holdings Inc.; and Articles of Amendment and Restatement, dated March 31, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hilltop Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2.1 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hilltop Holdings Inc., adopted and effective April 25, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock of Hilltop Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Corporate Charter Certificate of Notice, dated June 6, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-125854) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, by and between Hilltop Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including form of notes (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2015 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2019, by and between Hilltop Securities Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as indenture trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, by and between Hilltop Securities Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as indenture trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6.1 Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2020, between Hilltop Holdings Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2020, between Hilltop Holdings Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 11, 2020, between Hilltop Holdings Inc., as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6.4 Form of 5.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 4.6.5 Form of 6.125 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2035 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 4.7 Description of the Registrant s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 17, 2021 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference) . 10.1.1 Hilltop Holdings Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, effective September 20, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 filed on March 15, 2013 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) for awards beginning in 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 25, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 25, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Non-Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 25, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Non-Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2020 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.1 Hilltop Holdings Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 24, 2020 (File No. 333-240090) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 24, 2020 (File No. 333-240090) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 24, 2020 (File No. 333-240090) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Non-Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 24, 2020 (File No. 333-240090) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.5 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Performance-Based) for awards beginning in 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 23, 2021 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 10.2.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 23, 2021 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Time-Based Vesting for Non-Section 16 Officers) for awards beginning in 2020 (filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 23, 2021 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3.1 Hilltop Holdings Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 24, 2020 (File No. 333-240090) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3.2 First Amendment to Hilltop Holdings Inc Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 22, 2022 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.4 Hilltop Holdings Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, effective September 20, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 filed on March 15, 2013 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.5 Compensation arrangement of Jeremy B. Ford (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 23, 2021 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.6.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2016, by and between William Furr and Hilltop Holdings Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (Amendment No. 1) filed on September 7, 2016 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.6.2 First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and William B. Furr, dated as of August 30, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.7.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.6.3 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and William B. Furr dated as of August 20, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.7.3 to the Registrant s Current Report as Form 8-K filed August 31, 2022 (file No. 009-31987) and incorporated by reference). 10.7.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Martin B. Winges (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.7.2 First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and M. Bradley W inges, dated as of March 31, 2022, but effective February 19, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.7.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 5, 2022 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.8.1 Employment Agreement by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Steve Thompson, dated as of October 25, 2019, but effective January 1, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 30, 2019 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.8.2 First Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Steve Thompson, dated as of December 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.8.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed J anuary 4 , 2023 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.9 Limited Liability Company Agreement of HTH Diamond Hillcrest Land LLC, dated as of July 31, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 Ground Lease Agreement by and among HTH Diamond Hillcrest Land LLC, as Ground Lessor, and SPC Park Plaza Partners LLC, HTH Hillcrest Project LLC and Diamond Hillcrest LLC, as Ground Lessees, dated as of July 31, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.11 Hilltop Plaza Co-Owners Agreement, by and among Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, HTH Hillcrest Project LLC and SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, dated as of July 31, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.11.1 First Amendment to Hilltop Plaza Co-Owners Agreement, by and among Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, HTH Hillcrest Project LLC and SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, dated as of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.11.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference. 10.12 Office Lease between SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, and HTH Hillcrest Project LLC, as Co-Owners, and Hilltop Holdings Inc., as Tenant, dated July 31, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.12.1 First Amendment to Office Lease between SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, and HTH Hillcrest Project LLC, as Co-Owners, and Hilltop Holdings Inc., as Tenant, dated as of November 30, 2021, but effective as of June 29, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference) . 10.13 Retail Lease between SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, and HTH Hillcrest Project LLC, as Co-Owners, and PlainsCapital Bank, as Tenant, dated July 31, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2018 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 10.13.1 First Amendment to Retail Lease between SPC Park Plaza Partners, LLC, Diamond Hillcrest, LLC, and HTH Hillcrest Project LLC, as Co-Owners, and PlainsCapital Bank, as Tenant, dated as of December 16, 2021, but effective as of August 1, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-31987) and incorporated herein by reference). 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement . 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ William B. Furr William B. Furr Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and duly authorized officer) 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Capacity in which Signed Date /s/ Jeremy B. Ford President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 17, 2023 Jeremy B. Ford (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ William B. Furr Chief Financial Officer February 17, 2023 William B. Furr (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Keith E. Bornemann Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer February 17, 2023 Keith E. Bornemann (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Rhodes Bobbitt Director February 17, 2023 Rhodes Bobbitt /s/ Tracy A. Bolt Director and Chairman of Audit Committee February 17, 2023 Tracy A. Bolt /s/ J. Taylor Crandall Director February 17, 2023 J. Taylor Crandall /s/ Hill A. Feinberg Director February 17, 2023 Hill A. Feinberg /s/ Gerald J. Ford Chairman of the Board February 17, 2023 Gerald J. Ford /s/ J. Markham Green Director and Audit Committee Member February 17, 2023 J. Markham Green Director William T. Hill, Jr. Director Charlotte Jones /s/ Lee Lewis Director February 17, 2023 Lee Lewis Director Andrew J. Littlefair /s/ W. Robert Nichols, III Director February 17, 2023 W. Robert Nichols, III /s/ Thomas C. Nichols Director February 17, 2023 Thomas C. Nichols Director Kenneth D. Russell /s/ A. Haag Sherman Director and Audit Committee Member February 17, 2023 A. Haag Sherman /s/ Jonathan S. Sobel Director February 17, 2023 Jonathan S. Sobel /s/ Robert Taylor, Jr. Director February 17, 2023 Robert Taylor, Jr. Director Carl B. Webb 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statement s Hilltop Holdings Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-6 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income F-7 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fir m To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Hilltop Holdings Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hilltop Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Change in Accounting Principle As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses in 2020. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management s assessment and our audit of Hilltop Holdings Inc. s internal control over financial reporting also included controls over the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the instructions to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies (Form FR Y-9C) to comply with the reporting requirements of Section 112 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (FDICIA). A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans Held for Investment Collectively Evaluated As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment was 95 million as of December 31, 2022. Management s allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans is an estimate of expected losses over the lifetime of a loan within the Company s existing loans held for investment portfolio and is based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The credit loss estimation process considers the characteristics of the Company s loan portfolio segments, which are further disaggregated into loan classes, the level at which credit risk is monitored. The allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans is calculated using statistical credit factors, including probabilities of default PD and loss given default LGD ), to the amortized cost of pools of loan exposures with similar risk characteristics over its contractual life, adjusted for prepayments, to arrive at an estimate of expected credit losses. As described by m anagement, one of the most significant judgments involved in estimating the Company s allowance for credit losses relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate credit losses over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. Management utilizes a single macroeconomic alternative scenario published by a third party that reflects the U.S. economic outlook. This alternative scenario utilizes multiple economic variables in forecasting the economic outlook. Significant variables that impact the modeled losses across the Company s loan portfolios are the U.S. Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rates and unemployment rate assumptions. Management also considers adjustments for certain conditions in the Company s allowance for credit losses estimate qualitatively where they have not been measured directly in management s collective assessments. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans held for investment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the allowance for credit losses, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to management s determination of the impact of GDP growth rate and unemployment rate forecasts within the macroeconomic alternative scenario, as well as qualitative adjustments to the allowance for credit losses; and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for credit losses for collectively evaluated loans held for investment, which included controls over evaluation and selection of the variables used in the macroeconomic alternative scenario as well as qualitative adjustments. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing management s process for estimating the allowance for credit losses, which included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and models, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of certain data used in the estimate, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s determination of the impact of GDP growth rate and unemployment rate forecasts within the macroeconomic alternative scenario and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments to the allowance for credit losses. Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures its residential mortgage servicing rights asset at fair value, which totaled 101 million as of December 31, 2022. Management estimates the fair value of residential mortgage servicing rights by valuing the projected net servicing cash flows, which are then discounted to estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow model. The significant unobservable inputs related to the valuation of residential mortgage servicing rights are the discount rate and the constant prepayment rate assumptions. As disclosed by management, the model assumptions and the mortgage servicing rights fair value estimates are compared to observable trades of similar portfolios as well as to broker valuations and industry surveys, as available. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of mortgage servicing rights is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the fair value of residential mortgage servicing rights, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to management s estimate of the fair value of mortgage servicing rights and the constant prepayment rate and discount rate assumptions used in the estimate, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, which included controls over the constant prepayment rate and discount rate assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing management s process for estimating the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, which included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology, (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of certain data used in the estimate , (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the constant prepayment rate and discount rate assumptions used in the estimate and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, which included comparison to observable trades of similar portfolios and industry surveys. /s/ February 17, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1998. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Assets segregated for regulatory purposes Securities purchased under agreements to resell Securities: Trading, at fair value Available for sale, at fair value, net (amortized cost of and , respectively) Held to maturity, at amortized cost, net (fair value of and , respectively) Equity, at fair value Loans held for sale Loans held for investment, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans held for investment, net Broker-dealer and clearing organization receivables Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Mortgage servicing rights Other assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Broker-dealer and clearing organization payables Short-term borrowings Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value Notes payable Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Notes 13 and 14) Stockholders equity: Hilltop stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Deferred compensation employee stock trust, net Employee stock trust and shares, at cost, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) ) ) Total Hilltop stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Loans, including fees Securities borrowed Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Securities loaned Short-term borrowings Notes payable Junior subordinated debentures Other Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) credit losses Noninterest income: Net gains from sale of loans and other mortgage production income Mortgage loan origination fees Securities commissions and fees Investment and securities advisory fees and commissions Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Employees compensation and benefits Occupancy and equipment, net Professional services Other Total noninterest expense Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax expense Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Income attributable to Hilltop Earnings per common share: Basic: Earnings from continuing operations Earnings from discontinued operations Diluted: Earnings from continuing operations Earnings from discontinued operations Weighted average share information: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax of , , and ), respectively ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale, net of tax of ), ), and , respectively ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains (losses) included in net income, net of tax of , ), and , respectively ) Adjustment for unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for sale to held-to-maturity, net of tax of ), , and , respectively ) Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-maturity, net of tax , and , respectively Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) applicable to Hilltop ) See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUIT Y (in thousands) 

Accumulated Deferred Total Additional Other Compensation Employee Hilltop Total Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Employee Stock Stock Trust Stockholders Noncontrolling Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Earnings Trust, Net Shares Amount Equity Interest Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued to board members Issuance of common stock related to share-based awards, net ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) ) Deferred compensation plan ) ) Adoption of accounting standards ) ) ) Net cash contributed to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued to board members Issuance of common stock related to share-based awards, net ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) ) Deferred compensation plan ) ) Adoption of accounting standards Net cash contributed to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Common stock issued to board members Issuance of common stock related to share-based awards, net ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) ) ) ) Deferred compensation plan ) ) ) ) Net cash contributed to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net Deferred income taxes ) Other, net Net change in securities purchased under agreements to resell ) ) Net change in trading securities ) ) Net change in broker-dealer and clearing organization receivables ) Net change in other assets ) ) Net change in broker-dealer and clearing organization payables ) ) Net change in other liabilities ) Net change in securities sold, not yet purchased ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights asset Change in valuation of mortgage servicing rights asset ) ) Net gains from sales of loans ) ) ) Loans originated for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from loans sold Net cash provided by operating activities for continuing operations Net cash used in operating activities for discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Proceeds from maturities and principal reductions of securities held to maturity Proceeds from sales, maturities and principal reductions of securities available for sale Purchases of securities held to maturity ) ) Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Purchases of equity securities ) Net change in loans held for investment ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment and other assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment and other real estate owned Net cash received from (paid to) Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock ) ) Net cash used in investing activities for continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities for discontinued operations Net cash received from disposal of discontinued operations Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Net change in deposits ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from notes payable Payments on notes payable and junior subordinated debentures ) ) ) Payments to repurchase common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash distributed to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Reconciliation of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash to Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Assets segregated for regulatory purposes Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Activities Hilltop Plaza build to suit derecognition Conversion of loans to other real estate owned Additions to mortgage servicing rights Carrying amount of AFS securities transferred to HTM, net of unrealized loss See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million and was subject to post-closing adjustments. Accordingly, NLC s results as of June 30, 2020 have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. For further details, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, provides its products and services through primary business units within continuing operations, PlainsCapital Corporation PCC and Hilltop Securities Holdings LLC Securities Holdings ). PCC is a financial holding company, that provides, through its subsidiaries, traditional banking, wealth and investment management and treasury management services primarily in Texas and residential mortgage lending throughout the United States. Securities Holdings is a holding company that provides, through its subsidiaries, investment banking and other related financial services, including municipal advisory, sales, trading and underwriting of taxable and tax-exempt fixed income securities, clearing, securities lending, structured finance and retail brokerage services throughout the United States. Unless otherwise noted, the Company s notes to the consolidated financial statements present information limited to continuing operations. of the outstanding stock of PCC. PCC owns of the outstanding stock of the Bank and of the membership interest in Hilltop Opportunity Partners LLC, a merchant bank utilized to facilitate investments in companies engaged in non-financial activities. The Bank owns of the outstanding stock of PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company PrimeLending ). PrimeLending owns a membership interest in PrimeLending Ventures Management, LLC Ventures Management ), which holds a controlling ownership interest in and is the managing member of certain affiliated business arrangements ABAs ). PCC also owned of the outstanding common securities of PCC Statutory Trusts I, II, III and IV (the Trusts ), which were not included in the consolidated financial statements under the requirements of the Variable Interest Entities VIE Subsections of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), because the primary beneficiaries of the Trusts are not within the consolidated group. Following receipt of regulatory approval, during June, July and August 2021, PCC submitted to the trustees of each of the Trusts notices to redeem in full outstanding junior subordinated debentures of million issued by PCC, which resulted in the full redemption to the holders of the associated preferred securities and common securities during the third quarter of 2021. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 membership interest in Securities Holdings, which operates through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Hilltop Securities Inc. Hilltop Securities ), Momentum Independent Network Inc. Momentum Independent Network and collectively with Hilltop Securities, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers and Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC. Hilltop Securities is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and a member of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), Momentum Independent Network is an introducing broker-dealer that is also registered with the SEC and FINRA. Hilltop Securities, Momentum Independent Network and Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC are registered investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. In addition, Hilltop owns of the membership interest in each of HTH Hillcrest Project LLC HTH Project LLC and Hilltop Investments I, LLC. Hilltop Investments I, LLC owns of the membership interest in HTH Diamond Hillcrest Land LLC Hillcrest Land LLC which is consolidated under the aforementioned VIE Subsections of the ASC. These entities are related to the Hilltop Plaza investment discussed in detail in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements and are collectively referred to as the Hilltop Plaza Entities. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the above-named entities. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Noncontrolling interests have been recorded for minority ownership in entities that are not wholly owned and are presented in compliance with the provisions of Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiary Subsections of the ASC. In preparing these consolidated financial statements, subsequent events were evaluated through the time the financial statements were issued. Financial statements are considered issued when they are widely distributed to all stockholders and other financial statement users, or filed with the SEC. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 and . Substantially all mortgage loans originated by PrimeLending are sold to various investors in the secondary market, both with servicing retained and servicing released. Mortgage loans held for sale are carried at fair value in accordance with the provisions of the Fair Value Option Subsections of the ASC (the Fair Value Option ). Changes in the fair value of the loans held for sale are recognized in 
 F-12 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 horizon. Prepayments are estimated by loan type using historical information and adjusted for current and future conditions. Commercial loans that exceed a minimum size scope are underwritten and graded using credit models that leverage national industry default data to score the loans. At the conclusion of the process of underwriting or re-grading a borrower, each borrower (for commercial and industrial loans) or property (for commercial real estate loans) is assigned a PD grade threshold. The valuation methodology of risk rating internal grades is based on the merits of the financial ratios of the borrower or the property. In addition, an LGD grade is determined by the credit models utilizing collateral information provided. A master rating scale effectively pools the loans by credit scores and assigns a standard one year PD percentage and an LGD percentage equally for all loans that have a given score. For borrowers or loans that do not meet the minimum balance threshold, an internal scorecard is utilized to approximate the grades derived from the credit models and is mapped to the master rating scale. The resulting numerical PD grade is the credit quality indicator for commercial loans. The grades on borrowers or properties that are scored in the credit models are determined at origination and updated at least annually. The grades on the internal scorecards are updated annually if they meet a minimum threshold, or if new circumstances (favorable or unfavorable) warrant a re-scoring. When computing allowance levels, credit loss assumptions are estimated using models that analyze loans according to credit risk ratings, historic loss experience, past due status and other credit trends and risk characteristics, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Future factors and forecasts may result in significant changes in the allowance and provision (reversal) for credit losses in those future periods. The allowance for credit losses will primarily reflect estimated losses for pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics, but will also consider individual loans that do not share risk characteristics with other loans. Loans that Share Risk Characteristics with Other Loans Collectively Evaluated In estimating the component of the allowance for credit losses for loans that share similar risk characteristics with other loans, such loans are segregated into loan classes. Loans are designated into loan classes based on loans pooled by product types and similar risk characteristics or areas of risk concentration. In determining the allowance for credit losses, the Company derives an estimated credit loss assumption from a model that categorizes loan pools based on loan type and internal risk rating or past due category as follows. Commercial and Industrial and Commercial Real Estate Loans. The Company assesses the credit quality of the borrower and assigns an internal risk rating by loan type for the commercial and industrial and commercial real estate portfolios. Internal risk ratings are assigned at origination or acquisition, and if necessary, adjusted for changes in credit quality over the life of the exposure. In assessing the internal PD risk rating of the loan or related unfunded commitments, the Company separately evaluate owner and non-owner occupied real estate. The borrower s financial statements may be used to evaluate amounts and sources of repayments, debt service coverage, debt capacity, and 
 F-14 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 , the latest property tax assessment is used for the assessment of value. The assessment of value is discounted for selling costs and compared against the appropriate basis of the loan to determine if a reserve might be required. Consumer loans are charged off when they reach delinquency as a general rule. There are limited cases where the loan is not charged off due to special circumstances and is subject to the collateral review process. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 and . Gains or losses on disposals of premises and equipment are included in results of operations. million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were amortized and included in interest expense within the consolidated statements of operations. In May 2020 and April 2015, debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively, were capitalized in connection with Hilltop s issuance of the Subordinated Notes due 2030 and 2035 (defined hereafter) and the senior notes due 2025 (defined hereafter), respectively. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 primary lines of business: (i) public finance services, (ii) structured finance, (iii) fixed income services and (iv) wealth management, which includes retail, clearing services and securities lending groups. Revenue from contracts with customers subject to the guidance in ASC 606 from the broker-dealer segment is included within the securities commissions and fees and investment and securities advisory fees and commissions line items within the consolidated statements of operations. Commissions and fees revenue is generally recognized at a point in time upon the delivery of contracted services based on a predefined contractual amount or on the trade date for trade execution services based on prevailing market prices and internal and regulatory guidelines. The Company s banking segment has primary lines of business: (i) business banking, (ii) personal banking and (iii) wealth and investment management. Revenue from contracts with customers subject to the guidance in ASC 606 from the banking segment (certain retail and trust fees) is included within the other noninterest income line item within the consolidated statements of operations. Retail and trust fees are generally recognized at the time the related transaction occurs or when services are completed. Fees are based on the dollar amount of the transaction or are otherwise predefined in contracts associated with each customer account depending on the type of account and services provided. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 T million. During 2020, Hilltop recognized an aggregate gain associated with this transaction of million, net of customary transaction costs of million and was subject to post-closing adjustments. The resulting book gain from this sale transaction was not recognized for tax purposes due 
 F-21 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Other Total interest income Interest expense: Notes payable Noninterest income: Net insurance premiums earned Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Employees compensation and benefits Occupancy and equipment, net Professional services Loss and loss adjustment expenses Other Total noninterest expense Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Gain on disposal of discontinued operations Income tax expense Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Reinsurance Activity Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) Net premiums Reinsurance recoverables Net loss and LAE incurred 
 F-22 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million and billion, respectively, and the unpaid principal balance of those loans was million and billion, respectively. The interest component of fair value is reported as interest income on loans in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company holds a number of financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, either by the application of the Fair Value Option or other authoritative pronouncements. The fair values of those instruments are determined primarily using Level 2 inputs, as further described below. Those inputs include quotes from mortgage loan investors and derivatives dealers and data from independent pricing services. The fair value of loans held for sale is determined using an exit price method. Trading Securities Trading securities are reported at fair value primarily using either Level 1 or Level 2 inputs in the same manner as discussed below for available for sale securities. Available For Sale Securities Most securities available for sale are reported at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The Company obtains fair value measurements from independent pricing services. As the Company is responsible for the determination of fair value, control processes are designed to ensure that the fair values received from independent pricing services are reasonable and the valuation techniques and assumptions used appear reasonable and consistent with 
 F-23 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 . As a result, changes in instrument-specific credit risk are not a significant component of the change in fair value. The fair value of certain loans held for sale that cannot be sold through normal sale channels or are non-performing is measured using Level 3 inputs. The fair value of such loans is generally based upon estimates of expected cash flows using unobservable inputs, including listing prices of comparable assets, uncorroborated expert opinions, and/or management s knowledge of underlying collateral. Certain mortgage loans held for sale that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are subject to repurchase, or have been repurchased by PrimeLending and certain mortgage loans originated by PrimeLending on behalf of the Bank are reported at amortized cost and are not recorded at fair value on either a recurring or non-recurring basis. Loans Held for Investment The fair value of certain loans held for investment by the Company s merchant bank subsidiary are measured using the income approach with Level 3 inputs. The fair value of such loans are based upon estimates of expected cash flows using unobservable inputs, including credit spreads derived from comparable securities and benchmark credit curves, and management s knowledge of underlying collateral. Derivatives Derivatives, which are included in other assets and liabilities within the Company s consolidated balance sheets, are reported at fair value using either Level 2 or Level 3 inputs. The Bank uses dealer quotes to value interest rate swaps, forward purchase commitments and forward sale commitments executed for both hedging and non-hedging purposes. PrimeLending and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers use dealer quotes to value forward purchase commitments and forward sale commitments, respectively, executed for both hedging and non-hedging purposes. PrimeLending also issues IRLCs to its customers and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers issue forward purchase commitments to its clients that are valued based on the change in the fair value of the underlying mortgage loan from inception of the IRLC or purchase commitment to the balance sheet date, adjusted for projected loan closing rates. PrimeLending determines the value of the underlying mortgage loan as discussed in Loans Held for Sale , above. The Hilltop Broker-Dealers determine the value of the underlying mortgage loan from prices of comparable securities used to value forward sale commitments. Additionally, PrimeLending also uses dealer quotes to value Eurodollar futures and U.S. Treasury bond futures and options used to hedge interest rate risk, and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers use dealer quotes to value U.S. Treasury bond futures and options, Eurodollar futures, credit default swaps and municipal market data MMD rate locks, used to hedge changes in the fair value of its securities. MSR Asset The MSR asset is reported at fair value using Level 3 inputs. The MSR asset is valued by projecting net servicing cash flows, which are then discounted to estimate the fair value. The fair value of the MSR asset is impacted by a variety of factors. Prepayment rates and discount rates, the most significant unobservable inputs, are discussed further in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. The decrease in the prepayment rate used to value the MSR asset at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, reflects the effect of increased mortgage rates reducing consumer refinancing activity, while the decrease in the discount rate addresses market trends related to MSR sales during the same period. Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased Securities sold, not yet purchased are reported at fair value primarily using either Level 1 or Level 2 inputs in the same manner as discussed above for trading and available for sale securities. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Available for sale securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Derivative assets MSR asset Securities sold, not yet purchased Derivative liabilities 

Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total December 31, 2021 Inputs Inputs Inputs Fair Value Trading securities Available for sale securities Equity securities Loans held for sale Derivative assets MSR asset Securities sold, not yet purchased Derivative liabilities ) ) Loans held for investment ) MSR asset ) Total ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Loans held for sale ) ) ) MSR asset ) Total ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Loans held for sale ) ) MSR asset ) ) Total ) ) All net realized and unrealized gains (losses) in the table above are reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The unrealized gains (losses) relate to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2022. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 - - Loans held for investment Discounted cash flow Discount rate MSR asset Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate Discount rate The Company had transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during the periods presented. Any transfers are based on changes in the observability and/or significance of the valuation inputs and are assumed to occur at the beginning of the quarterly reporting period in which they occur. ) ) ) Loans held for investment ) ) MSR asset ) ) The Company determines the fair value of OREO on a non-recurring basis. In particular, the fair value of properties are determined at their respective acquisition date fair values. In addition, facts and circumstances may dictate a fair value measurement when there is evidence of impairment. The Company determines fair value primarily using independent appraisals of OREO properties. The resulting fair value measurements are classified as Level 2 inputs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of OREO was million and million, respectively, and the underlying fair value measurements utilized Level 2 inputs. The amounts are included in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. During the reported periods, all fair value measurements for OREO subsequent to initial recognition utilized Level 2 inputs. The Company recorded total losses of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represent a change in fair value subsequent to initial recognition of the asset. Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on Recurring or Non-Recurring Basis The Fair Value of Financial Instruments Subsection of the ASC requires disclosure of the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, including the financial assets and liabilities previously discussed. The methods for determining estimated fair value for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis are discussed above. For other financial assets and liabilities, the Company utilizes quoted market prices, if available, to estimate the fair value of financial instruments. Because no quoted market prices exist for a significant portion of the Company s financial instruments, the fair value of such instruments has been derived based on management s assumptions with respect to future economic conditions, the amount and timing of future cash flows, and estimated discount rates. Different assumptions could significantly affect these estimates. Accordingly, the estimates provided herein do not necessarily indicate amounts which could be realized in a current transaction. Further, as it is management s intent to hold a significant portion of its financial instruments to maturity, it is not probable that the fair values shown below will be realized in a current transaction. Because of the wide range of permissible valuation techniques and the numerous estimates which must be made, it may be difficult to make reasonable comparisons of the Company s fair value information to that of other financial institutions. The aggregate estimated fair value amount should in no way be construed as representative of the underlying value of Hilltop and its subsidiaries. The following methods and assumptions are typically used in estimating the fair value disclosures for financial instruments: 
 F-26 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Assets segregated for regulatory purposes Securities purchased under agreements to resell Held to maturity securities Loans held for sale Loans held for investment, net Broker-dealer and clearing organization receivables Other assets Financial liabilities: Deposits Broker-dealer and clearing organization payables Short-term borrowings Debt Other liabilities 

Estimated Fair Value Carrying Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Amount Inputs Inputs Inputs Total Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Assets segregated for regulatory purposes Securities purchased under agreements to resell Held to maturity securities Loans held for sale Loans held for investment, net Broker-dealer and clearing organization receivables Other assets Financial liabilities: Deposits Broker-dealer and clearing organization payables Short-term borrowings Debt Other liabilities The Company held equity investments other than securities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Of the million of such equity investments held at December 31, 2022, million do not have readily determinable fair values and each is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Additional investments Upward adjustments Impairments and downward adjustments ) ) Dispositions ) Balance, end of year U.S. government agencies: Bonds Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Corporate debt securities States and political subdivisions Private-label securitized product Other Totals In addition to the securities shown above, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers enter into transactions that represent commitments to purchase and deliver securities at prevailing future market prices to facilitate customer transactions and satisfy such commitments. Accordingly, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers ultimate obligation may exceed the amount recognized in the financial statements. These securities, which are carried at fair value and reported as securities sold, not yet purchased in the consolidated balance sheets, had a value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. ) U.S. government agencies: Bonds ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) States and political subdivisions ) Totals ) 
 F-29 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 ) U.S. government agencies: Bonds ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) States and political subdivisions ) Totals ) 

Held to Maturity Amortized Unrealized Unrealized December 31, 2022 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value U.S. government agencies: Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) States and political subdivisions ) Totals ) 

Held to Maturity Amortized Unrealized Unrealized December 31, 2021 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value U.S. government agencies: Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations States and political subdivisions ) Totals ) Additionally, the Company had unrealized net gains of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 from equity securities with fair values of million and 0.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized net losses of million during 2022 and net gains of million during 2021 due to changes in the fair value of equity securities still held at the balance sheet date. During 2022, net losses recognized from equity securities sold were million, compared with net gains of million during 2021. The Company transferred certain agency-issued securities from the available-for-sale to held-to-maturity portfolio on March 31, 2022 having a book value of approximately million and a market value of approximately million. As of the date of transfer, the related pre-tax net unrecognized losses of approximately million within the accumulated other comprehensive loss balance are being amortized over the remaining term of the securities using the effective interest method. This transfer was completed after careful consideration of the Company s intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. Factors used in assessing the ability to hold these securities to maturity were future liquidity needs and sources of funding. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer U.S. government agencies: Bonds: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Residential mortgage-backed securities: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Commercial mortgage-backed securities: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Collateralized mortgage obligations: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer States and political subdivisions: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Total available for sale: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Number of Unrealized Number of Unrealized Securities Fair Value Losses Securities Fair Value Losses Held to Maturity Residential mortgage-backed securities: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Commercial mortgage-backed securities: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Collateralized mortgage obligations: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer States and political subdivisions: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer Total held to maturity: Unrealized loss for less than twelve months Unrealized loss for twelve months or longer 
 F-31 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized net gains from its trading portfolio of million, million and million, respectively. In addition, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers realized net gains from structured product trading activities of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, the Company s other realized losses on securities were nominal. During 2021, the Company had other realized losses on securities of million, compared with other realized gains on securities during 2020 of million. All such net gains and losses are recorded as a component of other noninterest income within the consolidated statements of operations. Securities with a carrying amount of million and million (with a fair value of million and million, respectively) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged by the Bank to secure public and trust deposits, federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. Substantially all of these pledged securities were included in the Company s available for sale and held to maturity securities portfolios at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations consist principally of GNMA, Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC pass-through and participation certificates. GNMA securities are guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States, while FNMA and FHLMC securities are fully guaranteed by those respective United States government-sponsored agencies, and conditionally guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Commercial and industrial (1) Construction and land development 1-4 family residential Consumer Broker-dealer (2) Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans held for investment, net of allowance 

 (1) Included loans totaling million at December 31, 2021 funded through the Paycheck Protection Program. (2) Primarily represents margin loans to customers and correspondents associated with broker-dealer segment operations. Owner occupied Commercial and industrial Construction and land development 1-4 family residential Consumer ) Broker-dealer At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of real estate loans secured by residential properties and classified as held for sale were in non-accrual status. Loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis decreased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, by million. The change in non-accrual loans was primarily due to decreases in commercial and industrial loans of million, 1-4 family residential loans of million, and commercial real estate owner occupied loans of million. The decrease in non-accrual commercial and industrial loans was due to million in loan payoffs and paydowns and million in charge-offs, partially offset by million in additional loans placed on non-accrual status. The decrease in non-accrual 1-4 family residential loans was primarily due to million of loans that were returned to accrual status and million in loan payoffs and paydowns. The Company considers non-accrual loans to be collateral-dependent unless there are underlying mitigating circumstances. The practical expedient to measure the allowance using the fair value of the collateral has been implemented. The Bank classifies loan modifications as troubled debt restructurings TDRs when it concludes that it has both granted a concession to a debtor and that the debtor is experiencing financial difficulties. Loan modifications are typically structured to create affordable payments for the debtor and can be achieved in a variety of ways. The Bank modifies loans by reducing interest rates and/or lengthening loan amortization schedules. The Bank may also reconfigure a single loan into or more loans A/B Note ). The typical A/B Note restructure results in a bad loan which is charged off and a good loan or loans, the terms of which comply with the Bank s customary underwriting policies. The debt charged off on the bad loan is not forgiven to the debtor. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 billion in COVID-19 related loan modifications guaranteed by the SBA and, if used by the borrower for authorized purposes, able to be fully forgiven. These loans have returned to contractual agreements and there are such COVID-19 related loan modifications outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Commercial and industrial Construction and land development 1-4 family residential Consumer Broker-dealer All of the loan modifications included in the table above involved payment term extensions. The Bank did not grant principal reductions on any restructured loans during 2022, 2021 or 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had nominal unadvanced commitments to borrowers whose loans have been restructured in TDRs. There were TDRs totaling million granted during the twelve months preceding December 31, 2022 for which a payment was at least 30 days past due. The million included commercial real estate owner occupied loan of million and 1-4 family residential loan of million. There were TDRs granted during the twelve months preceding December 31, 2021 or 2020 for which a payment was at least 30 days past due. Owner occupied Commercial and industrial Construction and land development 1-4 family residential Consumer Broker-dealer 
 F-34 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Owner occupied Commercial and industrial Construction and land development 1-4 family residential Consumer Broker-dealer In addition to the loans shown in the tables above, PrimeLending had million and million of loans included in loans held for sale (with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of million and million, respectively) that were 90 days past due and accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These loans are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and include loans that are subject to repurchase, or have been repurchased, by PrimeLending. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company allowed modifications, such as payment deferrals for up to 90 days and temporary forbearance, to credit-worthy borrowers who were experiencing temporary hardship due to the effects of COVID-19. These short-term modifications generally met the criteria of the CARES Act and, therefore, were not reported as past due or placed on non-accrual status (provided the loans were not past due or on non-accrual status prior to the deferral). The Company elected to accrue and recognize interest income on these modifications during the payment deferral period. At December 31, 2022, the Company had loans remaining under the COVID-19 payment deferral program. Additionally, the Company granted temporary forbearance to borrowers of a federally backed mortgage loan experiencing financial hardship due, directly or indirectly, to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, which among other things, established the ability for financial institutions to grant a forbearance for up to 180 days, which can be extended for an additional 180-day period upon the request of the borrower. During that time, no fees, penalties or interest beyond the amounts scheduled or calculated as if the borrower made all contractual payments on time and in full under the mortgage contract will accrue on the borrower s account. As of December 31, 2022, PrimeLending had million of loans subject to repurchase under a forbearance agreement related to delinquencies on or after April 1, 2020. Management tracks credit quality trends on a quarterly basis related to: (i) past due levels, (ii) non-performing asset levels, (iii) classified loan levels, and (v) general economic conditions in state and local markets. The Company defines classified loans as loans with a risk rating of substandard, doubtful or loss. A description of the risk rating internal grades for commercial loans to is presented in the following table. 

Risk Rating Internal Grade Risk Rating Description Pass low risk 1 - 3 Represents loans to very high credit quality commercial borrowers of investment or near investment grade. These borrowers have significant capital strength, moderate leverage, stable earnings and growth, and readily available financing alternatives. Commercial borrowers entirely cash secured are also included in this category. Pass normal risk 4 - 7 Represents loans to commercial borrowers of solid credit quality with moderate risk. Borrowers in these grades are differentiated from higher grades on the basis of size (capital and/or revenue), leverage, asset quality and the stability of the industry or market area. Pass high risk 8 - 10 Represents pass grade loans to commercial borrowers of higher, but acceptable credit quality and risk. Such borrowers are differentiated from Pass Normal Risk in terms of size, secondary sources of repayment or they are of lesser stature in other key credit metrics. Watch 11 Represents loans on management s watch list and is intended to be utilized on a temporary basis for pass grade commercial borrowers where a significant risk-modifying action is anticipated in the near term. Special mention 12 Represents loans with potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in a deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loans and weaken the Company s credit position at some future date. Substandard accrual 13 Represents loans for which the accrual of interest has not been stopped, but are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Substandard non-accrual 14 Represents loans for which the accrual of interest has been stopped and includes loans where interest is more than 90 days past due and not fully secured and loans where a specific valuation allowance may be necessary. Doubtful 15 Represents loans that are placed on non-accrual status and may be dependent upon collateral having a value that is difficult to determine or upon some near-term event which lacks certainty. Loss 16 Represents loans that are to be charged-off or charged-down when payment is acknowledged to be uncertain or when the timing or value of payments cannot be determined. Rating is not intended to imply that the loan or some portion of it will never be paid, nor does it in any way imply that there has been a forgiveness of debt. 

F-35 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Internal Grade 4-7 (Pass normal risk) Internal Grade 8-11 (Pass high risk and watch) Internal Grade 12 (Special mention) Internal Grade 13 (Substandard accrual) Internal Grade 14 (Substandard non-accrual) Commercial real estate: owner occupied Internal Grade 1-3 (Pass low risk) Internal Grade 4-7 (Pass normal risk) Internal Grade 8-11 (Pass high risk and watch) Internal Grade 12 (Special mention) Internal Grade 13 (Substandard accrual) Internal Grade 14 (Substandard non-accrual) Commercial and industrial Internal Grade 1-3 (Pass low risk) Internal Grade 4-7 (Pass normal risk) Internal Grade 8-11 (Pass high risk and watch) Internal Grade 12 (Special mention) Internal Grade 13 (Substandard accrual) Internal Grade 14 (Substandard non-accrual) Construction and land development Internal Grade 1-3 (Pass low risk) Internal Grade 4-7 (Pass normal risk) Internal Grade 8-11 (Pass high risk and watch) Internal Grade 12 (Special mention) Internal Grade 13 (Substandard accrual) Internal Grade 14 (Substandard non-accrual) Construction and land development - individuals FICO less than 620 FICO between 620 and 720 FICO greater than 720 Substandard non-accrual Other (1) 1-4 family residential FICO less than 620 FICO between 620 and 720 FICO greater than 720 Substandard non-accrual Other (1) Consumer FICO less than 620 FICO between 620 and 720 FICO greater than 720 Substandard non-accrual Other (1) Total loans with credit quality measures Commercial and industrial (mortgage warehouse lending) Commercial and industrial (loans accounted for at fair value) Broker-Dealer (margin loans and correspondent receivables) Total loans held for investment 

 (1) Loans classified in this category were assigned a FICO score based on various factors specific to the borrower for credit modeling purposes. 

F-36 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 of the available for sale debt securities held were past due at December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had not made a decision to sell any of its debt securities held, nor did the Company consider it more likely than not that it would be required to sell such securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. The Company does not expect to have credit losses associated with the debt securities and no allowance was recognized on the debt securities portfolio. Loans Held for Investment The allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment represents management s best estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing portfolio. Management s methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses uses the current expected credit losses CECL standard. Management considers the level of allowance for credit losses to be a reasonable and supportable estimate of expected credit losses inherent within the loans held for investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022. While the Company believes it has an appropriate allowance for the existing loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, additional provision for losses on existing loans may be necessary in the future. Future changes in the allowance for credit losses are expected to be volatile given dependence upon, among other things, the portfolio composition and quality, as well as changes in macroeconomic forecasts and loan cash flow assumptions. In addition to the allowance for credit losses, the Company maintains a separate allowance for credit losses related to off-balance sheet credit exposures, including unfunded loan commitments, and this amount is included in other liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. For further information on the policies that govern the estimation of the allowances for credit losses levels, see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. One of the most significant judgments involved in estimating the Company s allowance for credit losses relates to the macroeconomic forecasts used to estimate credit losses over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. To determine our best estimate of expected credit losses as of December 31, 2022, the Company utilized a single macroeconomic alternative scenario, or S7, published by Moody s Analytics in December 2022 that was updated to reflect the U.S. economic outlook. This alternative economic scenario expects inflation to rise more than the baseline scenario as the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine persists longer than anticipated. Inflation continues to trend higher than expectation as supply-chain issues and reductions in disposable income persist during the reasonable and supportable period. Federal Reserve monetary policy raises interest rates faster and higher than the baseline scenario where the federal funds rate increases to by the second quarter of 2023. Significant variables that impact the modeled losses across our loan portfolios are the U.S. Real Gross Domestic Product, or GDP, growth rates and unemployment rate assumptions. Changes in these assumptions and forecasts of economic conditions could significantly affect the estimate of expected credit losses at the balance sheet date or between reporting periods. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted financial markets and overall economic conditions, and may continue to have implications on borrowers across our lending portfolios. Significant judgment is required to estimate the severity and duration of the current economic uncertainties, as well as its potential impact on borrower defaults and loss severity. In particular, macroeconomic conditions and forecasts are rapidly changing and remain highly uncertain. During the first quarter of 2020, the Company adopted the new CECL standard and recorded transition adjustment entries that resulted in an allowance for credit losses of million as of January 1, 2020, an increase of million. This increase included an increase in credit losses of million from the expansion of the loss horizon to life of loan, partially offset by the elimination of the non-credit component within the historical allowance related to previously categorized PCI loans of million. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million, while the provision for credit losses on expected losses of collectively evaluated loans accounted for million of the total provision primarily due to the identified changes in the Bank s loan portfolio composition and credit quality and the increase in the expected lifetime credit losses under CECL attributable to the deteriorating economic outlook associated with the impact of the market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The change to the reserve due to the impact of COVID-19 reflected economic uncertainty which, along with the expectation of continued higher unemployment and lower GDP, had increased the probability of default and loss given default rates used in our estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses for our loan portfolio. During 2021, the decrease in the allowance reflected improvements in both realized economic results and the macroeconomic outlook and were significantly comprised of net reversals of credit losses on expected losses of collectively evaluated loans of million. Such reversals were primarily due to improvements in both macroeconomic forecast assumptions and credit quality metrics on COVID-19 impacted industry sector exposures. The net impact to the allowance of changes associated with individually evaluated loans during 2021 included a provision for credit losses of million. The change in the allowance for credit losses during 2021 was primarily attributable to the Bank and also reflected other factors including, but not limited to, loan mix, and changes in loan balances and qualitative factors from the prior year. The change in the allowance during 2021 was also impacted by net recoveries of million. During 2022, the increase in provision for credit losses was driven by a deteriorating U.S. economic outlook since December 31, 2021. The net impact to the allowance of changes associated with collectively evaluated loans included a provision of credit losses of million, while individually evaluated loans during 2022 included reversals of credit losses of million. The change in the allowance for credit losses during 2022 was primarily attributable to the Bank and also reflected other factors including, but not limited to, loan mix, and changes in loan balances and qualitative factors from the prior year. The change in the allowance during 2022 was also impacted by net charge-offs of million. Commercial and industrial ) ) Construction and land development 1-4 family residential ) Consumer ) Broker-dealer Total ) 

Balance, Transition Provision for Recoveries on Beginning of Adjustment (Reversal of) Loans Charged Off Balance, Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year CECL Credit Losses Charged Off Loans End of Year Commercial real estate ) ) Commercial and industrial ) ) Construction and land development ) 1-4 family residential ) Consumer ) ) Broker-dealer ) Total ) ) 
 F-38 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 ) Commercial and industrial ) Construction and land development ) 1-4 family residential ) ) ) Consumer ) Broker-dealer Total ) Unfunded Loan Commitments The Bank uses a process similar to that used in estimating the allowance for credit losses on the funded portion to estimate the allowance for credit loss on unfunded loan commitments. The allowance is based on the estimated exposure at default, multiplied by the lifetime PD grade and LGD grade for that particular loan segment. The Bank estimates expected losses by calculating a commitment usage factor based on industry usage factors. The commitment usage factor is applied over the relevant contractual period. Loss factors from the underlying loans to which commitments are related are applied to the results of the usage calculation to estimate any liability for credit losses related for each loan type. There is no reserve calculated for letters of credit as they are issued primarily as credit enhancements and the likelihood of funding is low. Transition adjustment CECL accounting standard Other noninterest expense ) Balance, end of year As previously discussed, the Company adopted the new CECL standard and recorded a transition adjustment entry that resulted in an allowance for credit losses for unfunded commitments of million as of January 1, 2020. During 2020, the increase in the allowance for unfunded commitments was primarily due to the macroeconomic uncertainties associated with the impact of the market disruption caused by COVID-19 conditions. During 2021, the decrease in the allowance for unfunded commitments was primarily due to improvements in loan expected loss rates, while during 2022, the increase in the allowance for unfunded commitments was due to increases in both loan expected loss rates and available commitment balances. Clearings and collection items Deposits at Federal Reserve Bank Deposits at Federal Home Loan Bank Deposits in FDIC-insured institutions The amounts above include interest-bearing deposits of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash on hand and deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank satisfy regulatory reserve requirements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Furniture and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) The amounts shown above include gross assets recorded under finance leases of million and million, with accumulated amortization of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Occupancy expense was reduced by rental income of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense on premises and equipment, which includes amortization of finance leases, amounted to million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. million was comprised of million recorded in connection with the acquisition of The Bank of River Oaks BORO in an all-cash transaction BORO Acquisition and million recorded in connection with the acquisition of PCC pursuant to a plan of merger whereby PCC merged with and into our wholly owned subsidiary (the PlainsCapital Merger ). Other intangible assets were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company performed required annual impairment tests of its goodwill and other intangible assets having an indefinite useful life as of October 1 st for each of its reporting units. At October 1, 2022, the Company determined that the estimated fair value of goodwill for each of its reporting units and other intangible assets exceeded their carrying values. The Company estimated the fair values of goodwill for its reporting units based on both a market and income approach using historical, normalized actual and forecasted results, taking into consideration the amount by which fair value exceeded book value and sensitivities performed. Based on this evaluation, at December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that the goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets were fully realizable. The Company s evaluation includes multiple assumptions, including estimated discounted cash flows and other estimates that may change over time. If future discounted cash flows become less than those projected by the Company, future non-cash impairment charges may become necessary that could have a materially adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. Such a charge would have no impact on tangible capital or regulatory capital. As quoted market prices in active stock markets are relevant evidence of fair value, a significant decline in the Company s common stock trading price may indicate an impairment of goodwill. Specifically, the mortgage origination and broker-dealer reporting units have each experienced lower-than-forecasted operating results during 2022. The mortgage origination and broker-dealer segments have been assigned goodwill of million and million, respectively. Should future operating performance of these reporting units remain challenged and below forecasted projections, or significant assumptions such as expected future cash flows or the risk-adjusted discount rate used to estimate fair value are adversely impacted, there may be a risk of impairment. These conditions will continue to be considered during future impairment evaluations of goodwill of each reporting unit. While certain valuation assumptions and judgments may change to account for operating performance of the reporting segments and overall economic conditions, the Company does not anticipate significant changes in methodology used to 
 F-40 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 - ) Trademarks and trade names ) Customer contracts and relationships - ) ) 

Estimated Gross Net Useful Life Intangible Accumulated Intangible December 31, 2021 (Years) Assets Amortization Assets Core deposits - ) Trademarks and trade names ) Noncompete agreements ) Customer contracts and relationships - ) ) Amortization expense related to intangible assets during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 F-41 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Additions Sales ) ) ) Changes in fair value: Due to changes in model inputs or assumptions (1) ) Due to customer payoffs ) ) ) Balance, end of year December 31, 2022 2021 Mortgage loans serviced for others (2) MSR asset as a percentage of serviced mortgage loans 

 (1) Primarily represents normal customer payments, the impact of changes in interest rates, changes in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions, and the refinement of other MSR model assumptions. Included in 2022 and 2021 are MSR asset fair value adjustments totaling losses of million and gains of million, respectively, reflecting the difference between the MSR asset carrying values and the sale prices reflected in the letters of intent to sell the applicable MSR assets. (2) Represents unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans serviced for others. The key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the Company s MSR asset were as follows. Weighted average discount rate Weighted average life (in years) ) Impact of 20 adverse change ) ) Discount rate: Impact of 10 adverse change ) ) Impact of 20 adverse change ) ) This sensitivity analysis presents the effect of hypothetical changes in key assumptions on the fair value of the MSR asset. The effect of such hypothetical changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in one key assumption to the change in the fair value of the MSR asset is not linear. In addition, in the analysis, the impact of an adverse change in one key assumption is calculated independent of any impact on other assumptions. In reality, changes in one assumption may change another assumption. Contractually specified servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were included in net gains from sale of loans and other mortgage production income within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Interest-bearing: Demand accounts Brokered - demand Money market Brokered - money market Savings Time Brokered - time At December 31, 2022, remaining maturities of uninsured time deposits greater than 250,000 were million. 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Short-term bank loans Commercial paper Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase generally mature one to from the transaction date, on demand, or on some other short-term basis. The Bank and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers execute transactions to sell securities under agreements to repurchase with both customers and other broker-dealers. Securities involved in these transactions are held by the Bank, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers or a third-party dealer. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Average interest rate during the year Maximum month-end balance during the year December 31, 2022 2021 Average interest rate at end of year Securities underlying the agreements at end of year: Carrying value Estimated fair value Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB FHLB short-term borrowings mature over terms not exceeding and are collateralized by FHLB Dallas stock, nonspecified real estate loans and certain specific commercial real estate loans. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had available collateral of billion, substantially all of which was blanket collateral. Average interest rate during the year Maximum month-end balance during the year Short-Term Bank Loans The Hilltop Broker-Dealers use short-term bank loans periodically to finance securities owned, margin loans to customers and correspondents, and underwriting activities. Interest on the borrowings varies with the federal funds rate. The weighted average interest rate on the short-term bank loan borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Commercial Paper Hilltop Securities uses the net proceeds (after deducting related issuance expenses) from the sale of commercial paper programs for general corporate purposes, including working capital and the funding of a portion of its securities inventories. The commercial paper notes CP Notes may be issued with maturities of to from the date of issuance. The CP Notes are issued under separate programs, Series 2019-1 CP Notes and Series 2019-2 CP Notes, in maximum aggregate amounts of million and million, respectively. The CP Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity or subject to voluntary prepayment and do not bear interest, but are sold at a discount to par. The CP Notes are secured by a pledge of collateral owned by Hilltop Securities. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average maturity of the CP Notes was at a rate of , with a weighted average remaining life of . At December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under these secured arrangements was million, which was collateralized by securities held for Hilltop Securities accounts valued at million. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 and , respectively Subordinated Notes due May 2030, net of discount of and , respectively Subordinated Notes due May 2035, net of discount of and , respectively Ventures Management lines of credit Senior Notes On April 9, 2015, Hilltop completed an offering of million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2025 Senior Unregistered Notes in a private offering that was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Senior Unregistered Notes were offered within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to persons outside of the United States under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Senior Unregistered Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of April 9, 2015, by and between Hilltop and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting estimated fees and expenses and the initial purchasers discounts, were approximately million. Hilltop used the net proceeds of the offering to redeem all of Hilltop s outstanding Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B at an aggregate liquidation value of million, plus accrued but unpaid dividends of million, and Hilltop utilized the remainder for general corporate purposes. Unamortized debt issuance costs presented as a reduction from the Senior Notes are discussed further in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. In connection with the issuance of the Senior Unregistered Notes, on April 9, 2015, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the initial purchasers of the Senior Unregistered Notes. Under the terms of the registration rights agreement, the Company agreed to offer to exchange the Senior Unregistered Notes for notes registered under the Securities Act (the Senior Registered Notes ). The terms of the Senior Registered Notes are substantially identical to the Senior Unregistered Notes for which they were exchanged (including principal amount, interest rate, maturity and redemption rights), except that the Senior Registered Notes generally are not subject to transfer restrictions. On May 22, 2015 and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Senior Registered Notes prospectus, the Company commenced an offer to exchange the Senior Unregistered Notes for Senior Registered Notes. Substantially all of the Senior Unregistered Notes were tendered in the exchange offer, and on June 22, 2015, the Company fulfilled its requirements under the registration rights agreement for the Senior Unregistered Notes by issuing Senior Registered Notes in exchange for the tendered Senior Unregistered Notes. The Senior Registered Notes and the Senior Unregistered Notes that remain outstanding are collectively referred to as the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears in cash on April 15 and October 15 of each year. The Senior Notes will mature on April 15, 2025, unless Hilltop redeems the Senior Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, on or after January 15, 2025 prior to the maturity date of the Senior Notes) at its election at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The indenture contains covenants that limit the Company s ability to, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions: (i) dispose of or issue voting stock of certain of the Company s bank subsidiaries or subsidiaries that own voting stock of the Company s bank subsidiaries, (ii) incur or permit to exist any mortgage, pledge, encumbrance or lien or charge on the capital stock of certain of the Company s bank subsidiaries or subsidiaries that own capital stock of the Company s bank subsidiaries and (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies. The indenture also provides for certain events of default, which, if 
 F-45 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2030 (the 2030 Subordinated Notes and million aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2035 (the 2035 Subordinated Notes (collectively, the Subordinated Notes ). The price for the Subordinated Notes was of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and fees and expenses of million, were million. The 2030 Subordinated Notes and the 2035 Subordinated Notes will mature on May 15, 2030 and May 15, 2035, respectively. Hilltop may redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole or in part, from time to time, subject to obtaining regulatory approval, beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2025 for the 2030 Subordinated Notes and beginning with the interest payment date of May 15, 2030 for the 2035 Subordinated Notes, in each case at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the date of redemption. The 2030 Subordinated Notes bear interest at the rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears commencing on November 15, 2020. The interest rate for the 2030 Subordinated Notes will reset quarterly beginning May 15, 2025 to an interest rate, per year, equal to the then-current benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate ), plus , payable quarterly in arrears. The 2035 Subordinated Notes bear interest at the rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears commencing on November 15, 2020. The interest rate for the 2035 Subordinated Notes will reset quarterly beginning May 15, 2030 to an interest rate, per year, equal to the then-current benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term SOFR rate plus , payable quarterly in arrears. Federal Home Loan Bank notes The FHLB notes, as well as other borrowings from the FHLB, are collateralized by FHLB stock, a blanket lien on commercial and real estate loans, as well as by the amount of securities that are in safekeeping at the FHLB. Ventures Management Lines of Credit At December 31, 2022, Ventures Management s ABAs had combined available lines of credit totaling million, million of which was with a single unaffiliated bank and million of which was with the Bank. At December 31, 2022, Ventures Management had outstanding borrowings of million, all of which was with the Bank with a stated interest rate of the greater of a calculated index rate on mortgage notes or . The weighted average interest rate of these lines of credit at December 31, 2022 was . The Ventures Management lines of credit are collateralized by mortgage notes, and the loan agreements relating to the lines of credit contain various financial and other covenants which must be maintained until all indebtedness to the financial institution is repaid. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2026 2027 Thereafter being , and some of the Company s leases include options to . The Company s leases contain customary restrictions and covenants. The Company has certain intercompany leases and subleases between its subsidiaries, and these transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation and are not reflected in the tables and information presented below. Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net Operating lease rental cost and finance lease amortization of ROU assets is included within occupancy and equipment, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Finance lease interest expense is included within other interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not generally enter into leases which contain variable payments, other than due to the passage of time Less operating lease and sublease income ) ) ) Net operating lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 F-47 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases Finance 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less amount representing interest ) ) Lease liabilities As of December 31, 2022, the Company had additional operating leases that have not yet commenced with aggregate future minimum lease payments of approximately million. These operating leases commenced in January 2023 with lease terms. 
 F-48 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 State Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) for all periods presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Computed tax at federal statutory rate Tax effect of: Nondeductible expenses Compensation limitation State income taxes Tax-exempt income, net ) ) ) Minority interest ) ) ) Other ) ) Purchase accounting adjustment - loans Allowance for credit losses Compensation and benefits Legal and other reserves Foreclosed property Net unrealized losses on securities and other investments Operating lease liabilities Other Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment Intangible assets Derivatives Loan servicing Operating lease ROU assets Other Net deferred tax asset 
 F-49 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 The Company s effective tax rate was , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020 approximated statutory rates and included the effect of investments in tax-exempt instruments, offset by nondeductible expenses. At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a recognized built-in loss RBIL carryover of million from the ownership change resulting from the acquisition of SWS Group, Inc. SWS Merger ). These RBILs that were recognized during a recognition period before January 1, 2020 are subject to an annual Section 382 limitation. The RBILs are expected to be fully realized prior to any expiration. Based on the Company s evaluation of its deferred tax assets, management determined that valuation allowance against its gross deferred tax assets was necessary at December 31, 2022 or 2021. GAAP requires the measurement of uncertain tax positions. Uncertain tax positions are the difference between a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return and the benefit recognized for accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, if recognized, would favorably impact the Company s effective tax rate. Increases related to tax positions taken during a prior year Decreases related to tax positions taken during a prior year ) Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year Decreases related to expiration of the statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of year Specific positions that may be resolved include issues involving apportionment and tax credits. At December 31, 2022, the unrecognized tax benefit is a component of taxes receivable, which is included in other assets within the consolidated balance sheet. The Company files income tax returns in U.S. federal and numerous state jurisdictions. The Company is subject to tax examinations in numerous jurisdictions in the United States until the applicable statute of limitations expires. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations for tax years prior to 2019. The Company is open for various state tax examinations for tax years 2018 and later. million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In July 2020, pursuant to stockholders approval, the Company adopted the Hilltop Holdings Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP to provide a means for eligible employees of the Company to purchase shares of Hilltop common stock at a discounted price by accumulating funds, normally through payroll deductions and is intended to 
 F-50 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 of the fair market value on the last day of each quarterly offering period. The initial offering period commenced on January 1, 2021. The amount charged to operating expense related to participant discount totaled million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Effective upon the completion of the PlainsCapital Merger, the Company recorded a liability associated with separate retention agreements originally entered into between Hilltop and executive officers. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the recorded liability, including interest, was million and related to a single executive officer. The Bank purchased million of flexible premium universal life insurance in 2001 to help finance the annual expense incurred in providing various employee benefits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the policies included in other assets was million and million, respectively. During each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Bank recorded income of million, million and million, respectively, related to the policies that was reported in other noninterest income within the consolidated statement of operations. Deferred Compensation Plan As a result of the SWS Merger, the Company assumed a deferred compensation plan (the SWS Plan that allows former SWS eligible officers and employees to defer a portion of their bonus compensation and commissions. The SWS Plan matched of the deferrals made by participants up to a predetermined limit through matching contributions that vest ratably over . Pursuant to the terms of the SWS Plan, the trustee periodically purchased the former SWS common stock in the open market. As a result of the SWS Merger, the former SWS common shares were converted into Hilltop common stock based on the terms of the merger agreement. The SWS Plan was formally terminated in September 2022 with scheduled liquidation and distributions to participants no later than August 2024. The assets of the SWS Plan are held in a rabbi trust and primarily include investments in company-owned life insurance COLI and Hilltop common stock. These assets are consolidated with those of the Company. Investments in COLI are carried at the cash surrender value of the insurance policies and recorded in other assets within the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Investments in Hilltop common stock, which are carried at cost, and the corresponding liability related to the deferred compensation plan are presented as components of stockholders equity as employee stock trust and deferred compensation employee stock trust, net, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. limited partnership interest in Diamond A Financial, L.P., which owned of the outstanding Hilltop common stock at December 31, 2022. Jeremy B. Ford is the son of Gerald J. Ford. Corey G. Prestidge, Hilltop s General Counsel and Secretary, is the son-in-law of Gerald J. Ford. Accordingly, Messrs. Jeremy Ford and Corey Prestidge are brothers-in-law. In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has granted loans to certain directors, executive officers and their affiliates (collectively referred to as related parties) totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These loans were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other unaffiliated persons and do not involve more than normal risk of collectability. For such loans during 2022, there were principal additions and payments were de minimis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank held deposits of related parties of million and million, respectively. A related party is the lessor in an operating lease with Hilltop. Hilltop s minimum payment under the lease is currently million annually through 2028, for an aggregate minimum remaining obligation of million at December 31, 2022. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million and million, respectively. The loans were purchased with recourse in the ordinary course of business and the related party had no direct financial interest in the transaction. Hilltop Plaza Investment On July 31, 2018, Hillcrest Land LLC purchased approximately acres of land in the City of University Park, Texas for million. Hillcrest Land LLC is owned equally between Hilltop Investments I, LLC, a wholly owned entity of Hilltop, and Diamond Ground, LLC, an affiliate of Mr. Gerald J. Ford. Each of Hilltop Investments I, LLC and Diamond Ground , LLC contributed million to Hillcrest Land LLC to complete the purchase. As the voting rights of Hillcrest Land LLC are shared equally between the Company and Diamond Ground, LLC, there is primary beneficiary, and Diamond Ground, LLC s interest in Hillcrest Land LLC has been reflected as a noncontrolling interest in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, the Company has consolidated Hillcrest Land LLC under the VIE model according to the most-closely associated test. Trusts for which Jeremy Ford and the wife of Corey Prestidge are a beneficiary own and , respectively, of Diamond Ground, LLC. In connection with the purchase of the land, Hillcrest Land LLC entered into a -year ground lease of the land with tenants-in-common: SPC Park Plaza Partners LLC Park Plaza LLC ), an unaffiliated entity which received an undivided leasehold interest; HTH Project LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop, which received an undivided leasehold interest; and Diamond Hillcrest, LLC Diamond Hillcrest ), an entity owned by Mr. Gerald J. Ford, which received an undivided leasehold interest (collectively, the Co-Owners ). The ground lease was classified as an operating lease under ASC 840, and the accounting commencement date was determined to be July 31, 2018, the date the land was available to the Co-Owners. Concurrent with the ground lease, the Co-Owners entered into an agreement to purchase the improvements of a mixed-use project containing a six-story building Hilltop Plaza ). HTH Project LLC and Diamond Hillcrest each own an undivided interest in Hilltop Plaza. Park Plaza LLC owns the remaining undivided interest in Hilltop Plaza. Park Plaza LLC has agreed to serve as the Co-Owner property manager under the Co-Owners Agreement; however, certain actions require unanimous approval of all Co-Owners. HTH Project LLC s undivided interest in Hilltop Plaza is accounted for as an equity method investment as the tenants-in-common have joint control over decisions regarding Hilltop Plaza. The investment is included within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets and any income (loss) is included within other noninterest income in the consolidated statements of operations. Hilltop and the Bank entered into separate 129-month office leases with an accounting commencement date of June 20, 2019 for a significant portion of the total rentable corporate office space in Hilltop Plaza, which serves as the headquarters for both companies. All intercompany transactions associated with the Hilltop Plaza investment and the related transactions discussed above are eliminated in consolidation. t have any federal funds sold acting as an agent. Legal Matters The Company is subject to loss contingencies related to litigation, claims, investigations and legal and administrative cases and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company evaluates these contingencies based on information currently available, including advice of counsel. The Company establishes accruals for those matters when a loss contingency is considered probable and the related amount is reasonably estimable. Any accruals are periodically reviewed and may be adjusted as circumstances change. A portion of the Company s exposure with respect to loss 
 F-52 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million loss in its sale of subordinated bonds related to a portfolio of senior living facilities sold by an affiliate of WR. Hilltop Securities believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against such claims. There can be no assurance, however, that Hilltop Securities will be successful. At present, Hilltop Securities is unable to estimate the probability or amount of potential losses, if any, related to these claims. In September 2020, PrimeLending received an investigative inquiry from the United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia regarding PrimeLending s float down option. The United States Attorney has issued grand jury subpoenas to PrimeLending and PlainsCapital Bank for additional materials regarding this matter. PrimeLending has, and PrimeLending and PlainsCapital Bank will, cooperate with requests for information with respect to this matter. While the final outcome of litigation and claims exposures or of any Inquiries is inherently unpredictable, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of pending and threatened litigation and Inquiries will not, except related to specific matters disclosed above, have a material effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as a whole. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is reasonably possible that an adverse outcome in any matter, including the matters discussed above, could be material to the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows for any particular reporting period of occurrence. 
 F-53 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million and million, respectively. The provision for indemnification losses was million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Claims made Claims resolved with no payment ) ) ) Repurchases ) ) ) Indemnification payments ) ) Balance, end of year Indemnification Liability Reserve Activity Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Additions for new sales Repurchases ) ) ) Early payment defaults ) ) ) Indemnification payments ) ) Change in reserves for loans sold in prior years ) ) Balance, end of year December 31, 2022 2021 Reserve for Indemnification Liability: Specific claims Incurred but not reported claims Total Although management considers the total indemnification liability reserve to be appropriate, there may be changes in the reserve over time to address incurred losses due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy and historical loss patterns, discrete events adversely affecting specific borrowers or industries, and/or actions taken by institutions or investors. The impact of such matters is considered in the reserving process when probable and estimable. Other Contingencies As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, effective upon completion of the PlainsCapital Merger, Hilltop entered into separate retention agreements with certain executive officers. As of December 31, 2022, a single retention agreement remains, with an initial term of (with automatic renewals at the end of the first year and each anniversary thereof). This retention agreement provides for severance pay benefits if the executive officer s employment is terminated without cause . In addition to this retention agreement, Hilltop and its subsidiaries maintain employment contracts with certain officers that provide for benefits in the event of a change in control as defined in these agreements. 
 F-55 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and outstanding financial and performance standby letters of credit of million at December 31, 2022. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit as it does for loans held for investment. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, in these transactions is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies but may include real estate, accounts receivable, marketable securities, interest-bearing deposit accounts, inventory, and property, plant and equipment. Broker-Dealer In the normal course of business, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers execute, settle, and finance various securities transactions that may expose the Hilltop Broker-Dealers to off-balance sheet risk in the event that a customer or counterparty does not fulfill its contractual obligations. Examples of such transactions include the sale of securities not yet purchased by customers or for the accounts of the Hilltop Broker-Dealers, use of derivatives to support certain non-profit housing organization clients and to hedge changes in the fair value of certain securities, clearing agreements between the Hilltop Broker-Dealers and various clearinghouses and broker-dealers, secured financing arrangements that involve pledged securities, and when-issued underwriting and purchase commitments. additional awards may be made under the 2012 Plan, but the 2012 Plan remains in effect as to outstanding awards. Outstanding awards under the Equity Plans continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the respective Plans. The number of shares authorized for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2020 Plan is plus any shares that become available upon the forfeiture, expiration, cancellation or settlement in cash awards outstanding under the 2012 Plan as of April 30, 2020. At December 31, 2022, shares of common stock remained available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2020 Plan, excluding shares that 
 F-56 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, Hilltop granted , and shares of common stock, respectively, pursuant to the Equity Plans to certain non-employee members of the Company s board of directors for services rendered to the Company. Restricted Stock Units The Compensation Committee of the board of directors of the Company issued RSUs to certain employees pursuant to the Equity Plans. Certain RSUs are subject to time-based vesting conditions and generally provided for a cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, while other RSUs provided for vesting based upon the achievement of certain performance goals over a period subject to service conditions set forth in the award agreements, with associated costs generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting periods. The RSUs are not transferable, and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of vested RSUs may be subject to transfer restrictions for a period of following conversion, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the applicable RSU award agreements provide for accelerated vesting under certain conditions. Granted Vested/Released ) Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested/Released ) Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested/Released ) Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Vested/Released RSUs include an aggregate of shares withheld to satisfy employee statutory tax obligations during 2022, 2021 and 2020. During 2022, the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of the Company awarded certain executives and key employees an aggregate of RSUs pursuant to the Equity Plans. At December 31, 2022, of these RSUs are subject to time-based vesting conditions and generally cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, and of these outstanding RSUs will cliff vest based upon the achievement of certain performance goals over a period. At December 31, 2022, in the aggregate, of the RSUs are subject to time-based vesting conditions and generally cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, and outstanding RSUs cliff vest based upon the 
 F-57 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 period. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Based on actual capital amounts and ratios shown in the following table, PlainsCapital s ratios place it in the well capitalized (as defined) capital category under regulatory requirements. Actual capital amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2022 reflect PlainsCapital s and Hilltop s decision to elect the transition option as issued by the federal banking regulatory agencies in March 2020 that permits banking institutions to mitigate the estimated cumulative regulatory capital effects from CECL over a transitionary period. Hilltop N/A Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital Hilltop N/A Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital Hilltop N/A Total capital (to risk-weighted assets): PlainsCapital Hilltop N/A 
 F-58 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Add: Net unrealized holding losses (gains) on securities available for sale and held in trust CECL transition adjustment Deduct: Goodwill and other disallowed intangible assets ) ) ) ) Common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined) Add: Tier 1 capital Deduct: Additional Tier 1 capital deductions Tier 1 capital (as defined) Add: Allowable Tier 2 capital Allowance for credit losses, including unfunded commitments Capital instruments Deduct: Additional Tier 2 capital deductions ) ) ) ) Total capital (as defined) Broker-Dealer Pursuant to the net capital requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Hilltop Securities has elected to determine its net capital requirements using the alternative method. Accordingly, Hilltop Securities is required to maintain minimum net capital, as defined in Rule 15c3-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, equal to the greater of 1,000,000 or 2 of aggregate debit balances, as defined in Rule 15c3-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Additionally, the net capital rule of the NYSE provides that equity capital may not be withdrawn or cash dividends paid if resulting net capital would be less than 5 of the aggregate debit items. Momentum Independent Network follows the primary (aggregate indebtedness) method, as defined in Rule 15c3-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, which requires the maintenance of the larger of 250,000 or 6-2/3 of aggregate indebtedness. Less: required net capital Excess net capital Net capital as a percentage of aggregate debit items Net capital in excess of 5 aggregate debit items Under certain conditions, Hilltop Securities may be required to segregate cash and securities in a special reserve account for the benefit of customers under Rule 15c3-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Assets segregated for regulatory purposes under the provisions of the Exchange Act are restricted and not available for general corporate purposes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Hilltop Broker-Dealers held cash of million and million, respectively, segregated in special reserve bank accounts for the benefit of customers. The Hilltop Broker-Dealers were not required to segregate cash or securities in special reserve accounts for the benefit of proprietary accounts of introducing broker-dealers at December 31, 2022. 
 F-59 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 million of its earnings was available for dividend declaration without prior regulatory approval. Dividends During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company declared and paid cash dividends of , and per common share, or million, million and million, respectively. On January 26, 2023, the Company announced that its board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per common share, payable on February 24, 2023, to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 10, 2023. Stock Repurchase Programs The Company s board of directors has periodically approved stock repurchase programs under which it authorized the Company to repurchase its outstanding common stock. Under the respective stock repurchase program authorized, the Company could repurchase shares in open-market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions as permitted under Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The extent to which the Company repurchased its shares and the timing of such repurchases depended upon market conditions and other corporate considerations, as determined by Hilltop s management team. Repurchased shares will be returned to the Company s pool of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In January 2020, the Hilltop board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2021, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to million of its outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. In light of the uncertain outlook for 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Hilltop s board of directors suspended its stock repurchase program. During 2020, prior to its suspension, the Company paid million to repurchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an average price of per share associated with the stock repurchase program. In January 2021, the Hilltop board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2022, pursuant to which the Company was originally authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to million of its outstanding common stock. In July 2021, the Hilltop board of directors authorized an increase to the aggregate amount of common stock the Company could repurchase under this program by million to million. Then, in October 2021, the Hilltop board of directors authorized an increase to the aggregate amount of common stock the Company could repurchase under this program by million to million, which is inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. During 2021, the Company paid million to repurchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an average price of per share. In January 2022, the Hilltop board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2023, pursuant to which the Company was originally authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to million of its outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. As 
 F-60 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 further available share repurchase capacity associated with its previously authorized stock repurchase program. In January 2023, the Hilltop board of directors authorized a new stock repurchase program through January 2024, pursuant to which the Company is authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to million of its outstanding common stock, inclusive of repurchases to offset dilution related to grants of stock-based compensation. Tender Offers On September 23, 2020, the Company announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate cash purchase price up to million. On November 17, 2020, the Company completed its tender offer, repurchasing shares of outstanding common stock at a price of per share for a total of million. The Company funded the tender offer with cash on hand. On May 2, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase shares of its common stock for an aggregate cash purchase price of up to million, inclusive of its million stock repurchase program authorized in January 2022. On May 27, 2022, including the exercise of its right to purchase up to an additional of its outstanding shares, the Company completed its tender offer, repurchasing shares of outstanding common stock at a price of per share for a total of million. The Company funded the tender offer with cash on hand. Net gain from trading securities portfolio Service charges on depositor accounts Trust fees Other Other noninterest expense: Software and information technology Brokerage commissions and fees Mortgage origination and servicing Unreimbursed loan closing costs Business development Travel, meals and entertainment Amortization of intangible assets Funding fees Office supplies Other 
 F-61 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 . ) Hilltop Broker-Dealers ) Bank ) Hedging Derivative Instruments The Company has entered into interest rate swap contracts to manage the exposure to changes in fair value associated with certain available for sale fixed rate collateralized mortgage backed securities and fixed rate loans held for investment attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate. Certain of these fair value hedges have been designated as a portfolio layer, which provides the Company the ability to execute a fair value hedge of the interest rate risk associated with a portfolio of similar prepayable assets whereby the last dollar amount estimated to remain in the portfolio of assets is identified as the hedged item. Additionally, the Company has outstanding interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges and utilized to manage the variability of cash flows associated with its variable rate borrowings. 
 F-62 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Commitments to purchase MBSs ) Commitments to sell MBSs ) Interest rate swaps ) ) U.S. Treasury bond futures and options (1) ) Eurodollar and other futures (1) Credit default swaps ) ) Derivative instruments (designated as hedges): Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges (2) 

 (1) Noted derivative instruments include contracts between the Hilltop Broker-Dealers and counterparties with changes in fair value of the contracts that are settled daily. (2) The Company designated million and million as the hedged amount (from a closed portfolio of prepayable available for sale securities and loans held for investment with a carrying value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), of which, a subset of these hedges are in portfolio layer hedging relationships. The cumulative basis adjustment included in the carrying value of the hedged items totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank and PrimeLending held aggregate cash collateral advances, in other liabilities within the consolidated balances sheets, of million and million to offset net asset derivative positions on its commitments to sell MBSs and derivative instruments designated as hedges at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. PrimeLending had advanced cash collateral totaling million and million to offset net liability positions on its commitments to sell MBSs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, PrimeLending and the Hilltop Broker-Dealers had advanced cash collateral totaling million and million on various derivative instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The advanced cash collateral amounts are included in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-63 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 ) Interest rate swaps: Institutional counterparties ) Reverse repurchase agreements: Institutional counterparties ) Forward MBS derivatives: Institutional counterparties ) ) Treasury futures and options derivatives: Institutional counterparties ) ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Securities borrowed: Institutional counterparties ) Reverse repurchase agreements: Institutional counterparties ) Forward MBS derivatives: Institutional counterparties ) ) ) ) 

Gross Amounts Not Offset in Net Amounts the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Gross Amounts of Liabilities Cash of Recognized Offset in the Presented in the Financial Collateral Net Liabilities Balance Sheet Balance Sheet Instruments Pledged Amount December 31, 2022 Securities loaned: Institutional counterparties ) Interest rate swaps: Institutional counterparties ) Credit default swaps: Institutional counterparties ) Repurchase agreements: Institutional counterparties ) ) Forward MBS derivatives: Institutional counterparties ) ) December 31, 2021 Securities loaned: Institutional counterparties ) Interest rate swaps: Institutional counterparties ) Credit default swaps: Institutional counterparties ) Repurchase agreements: Institutional counterparties ) ) Forward MBS derivatives: Institutional counterparties ) ) 
 F-64 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Secured Borrowing Arrangements Secured Borrowings (Repurchase Agreements) The Company participates in transactions involving securities sold under repurchase agreements, which are secured borrowings and generally mature one to from the transaction date or involve arrangements with no definite termination date. Securities sold under repurchase agreements are reflected at the amount of cash received in connection with the transactions. The Company may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities, which is monitored on a daily basis. Securities Lending Activities The Company s securities lending activities include lending securities for other broker-dealers, lending institutions and its own clearing and retail operations. These activities involve lending securities to other broker-dealers to cover short sales, to complete transactions in which there has been a failure to deliver securities by the required settlement date and as a conduit for financing activities. When lending securities, the Company receives cash or similar collateral and generally pays interest (based on the amount of cash deposited) to the other party to the transaction. Securities lending transactions are executed pursuant to written agreements with counterparties that generally require securities loaned to be marked-to-market on a daily basis. The Company receives collateral in the form of cash in an amount generally in excess of the fair value of securities loaned. The Company monitors the fair value of securities loaned on a daily basis, with additional collateral obtained or refunded, as necessary. Collateral adjustments are made on a daily basis through the facilities of various clearinghouses. The Company is a principal in these securities lending transactions and is liable for losses in the event of a failure of any other party to honor its contractual obligation. Management sets credit limits with each counterparty and reviews these limits regularly to monitor the risk level with each counterparty. The Company is subject to credit risk through its securities lending activities if securities prices decline rapidly because the value of the Company s collateral could fall below the amount of the indebtedness it secures. In rapidly appreciating markets, credit risk increases due to short positions. The Company s securities lending business subjects the Company to credit risk if a counterparty fails to perform or if collateral securing its obligations is insufficient. In securities transactions, the Company is subject to credit risk during the period between the execution of a trade and the settlement by the customer. repurchase-to-maturity transactions outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Remaining Contractual Maturities Overnight and Greater Than December 31, 2022 Continuous Up to 30 Days 30-90 Days 90 Days Total Repurchase agreement transactions: Asset-backed securities Securities lending transactions: Corporate securities Equity securities Total Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreement and securities lending transactions in offsetting disclosure above Amount related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure above Remaining Contractual Maturities Overnight and Greater Than December 31, 2021 Continuous Up to 30 Days 30-90 Days 90 Days Total Repurchase agreement transactions: Asset-backed securities Securities lending transactions: Corporate securities Equity securities Total Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreement and securities lending transactions in offsetting disclosure above Amount related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure above 
 F-65 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Securities failed to deliver Trades in process of settlement Other Payables: Securities loaned Correspondents Securities failed to receive Other primary business units within continuing operations, PCC (banking and mortgage origination) and Securities Holdings (broker-dealer). Under GAAP, the Company s continuing operations business units are comprised of reportable business segments organized primarily by the core products offered to the segments respective customers: banking, broker-dealer and mortgage origination. These segments reflect the manner in which operations are managed and the criteria used by the chief operating decision maker, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, to evaluate segment performance, develop strategy and allocate resources. The banking segment includes the operations of the Bank. The broker-dealer segment includes the operations of Securities Holdings, and the mortgage origination segment is composed of PrimeLending. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during the first quarter of 2020, management had determined that the insurance segment met the criteria to be presented as discontinued operations. On June 30, 2020, Hilltop completed the sale of NLC, which comprised the operations of the former insurance segment. As a result, insurance segment results have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. There was income from discontinued operations before taxes during 2022 and 2021, while income from discontinued operations before taxes was million during 2020. Corporate includes certain activities not allocated to specific business segments. These activities include holding company financing and investing activities, merchant banking investment opportunities and management and administrative services to support the overall operations of the Company. 
 F-66 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 ) ) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes ) ) 

Mortgage All Other and Continuing Year Ended December 31, 2021 Banking Broker-Dealer Origination Corporate Eliminations Operations Net interest income (expense) ) ) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) ) Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes ) 

Mortgage All Other and Continuing Year Ended December 31, 2020 Banking Broker-Dealer Origination Corporate Eliminations Operations Net interest income (expense) ) ) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes ) 

Mortgage All Other and Hilltop Banking Broker-Dealer Origination Corporate Eliminations Consolidated December 31, 2022 Goodwill Total assets ) December 31, 2021 Goodwill Total assets ) 
 F-67 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Income from discontinued operations Income attributable to Hilltop Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Basic earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Income attributable to Hilltop Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Effect of potentially dilutive securities Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Diluted earnings per common share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations 
 F-68 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries Investment income Interest expense Other income General and administrative expense Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries activity Income tax benefit ) ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Loans held for investment, net of unearned income Investment in subsidiaries: Bank subsidiaries Nonbank subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Notes payable Stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 F-69 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Net realized gains on equity investments ) Net realized gains on disposal of discontinued operations ) Deferred income taxes ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities: Advancement to nonbank subsidiaries ) Repayment of advances to/investments in nonbank subsidiaries Purchases of equity investments ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment and other ) ) ) Proceeds from sales/disposition of equity investments Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Payments to repurchase common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Payments on junior subordinated debentures ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash contributed from (to) noncontrolling interest ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 F-70 

Table of Contents Hilltop Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 Interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Income attributable to Hilltop Earnings per common share: Basic: Diluted: Cash dividends declared per common share 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fourth Third Second First Full Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Year Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Income attributable to Hilltop Earnings per common share: Basic: Diluted: Cash dividends declared per common share 
 F-71 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 hth-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Hilltop Holdings Inc. As of February 17, 2023 

Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation ARC Insurance Holdings, Inc. Delaware Ariva Mortgage Services, LLC Delaware First Southwest Holdings LLC Delaware First Southwest Capital Investments, Inc. Delaware First Southwest Leasing Company Delaware FSC Asset Administrator, LLC Delaware Grand Home Loans, LLC Delaware Highland HomeLoans, LLC Delaware Hilltop Investments I LLC Delaware Hilltop Opportunity Partners LLC Texas Hilltop OP Moser Holdings GP LLC Delaware Hilltop OP Moser Holdings LP Delaware Hilltop OP Power Test Common Holdings LLC Texas Hilltop OP Power Test Preferred Holdings LLC Texas Hilltop Securities Asset Management, LLC Delaware Hilltop Securities Holdings LLC Delaware Hilltop Securities Inc. Delaware Hilltop Securities Insurance Agency Inc. Texas HTH Diamond Hillcrest Land LLC Texas HTH Hillcrest Project LLC Texas Kindred HomeLoans, LLC Delaware Momentum Independent Network Inc. Texas OpenRange Capital LLC Delaware PlainsCapital Corporation Maryland PlainsCapital Bank Texas PCB ARC, Inc. Texas PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company Texas PrimeLending Ventures Management, LLC Texas RGV ARC, Inc. Texas 
 The names of particular subsidiaries may be omitted if the unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. (See the definition of significant subsidiary in Rule 1-02(w) (17 CFR 210.1-02(w)) of Regulation S-X.) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 hth-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Post Effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-196367), the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-237447), the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-266662), and the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-240090) of Hilltop Holdings Inc. of our report dated February 17, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Dallas, Texas February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hth-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Jeremy B. Ford, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hilltop Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ Jeremy B. Ford Jeremy B. Ford President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 hth-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER I, William B. Furr, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hilltop Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ William B. Furr William B. Furr Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 hth-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Hilltop Holdings Inc. (the Company ), the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ Jeremy B. Ford Jeremy B. Ford President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 17, 2023 By: /s/ William B. Furr William B. Furr Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is furnished as an exhibit to the Report and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hth-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hth-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hth-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hth-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hth-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

