<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1680062_0001140361-23-009508.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17166729</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>521304</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2527636</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6135837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3869090</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3405335</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-009508.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301193712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-009508
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACM Research, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001680062
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38273
		FILM NUMBER:		23695857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42307 OSGOOD ROAD, SUITE I
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94539
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-445-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		42307 OSGOOD ROAD, SUITE I
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94539

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-009508.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 brhc10048521_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _________ to _____________

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol

Name of Each Exchange on which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file
 required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
 whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter) of the voting common equity held by
 non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the 16.83 closing price of the stock on that date, was million. The
 registrant does not have non-voting common equity outstanding.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Number of Shares Outstanding

Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value

shares outstanding as of February 22, 2023 

Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value

shares outstanding as of February 22, 2023

Documents Incorporated By Reference

The registrant intends to file a proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Portions of such proxy
 statement are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I

Item 1

Business 

7 

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

21 

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

56

Item 2

Properties 

57

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

57

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

57

PART II

Item 5

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

58

Item 6

[Reserved] 

59 

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

60 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

89 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

90 

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

140

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

140

Item 9B

Other Information 

142

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

142

PART III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

143

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

143

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

143

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

143

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

143

PART IV

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

144

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

147

Signatures 

148

ACM Research, Inc., or ACM Research, is a Delaware corporation founded in California in 1998 to supply capital equipment developed for the global semiconductor industry. Since 2005, ACM
 Research has conducted its business operations principally through its subsidiary ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc., or ACM Shanghai, a limited liability corporation formed by ACM Research in the People s Republic of China, or the PRC, in 2005.
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to our company, our, us, we and similar terms refer to ACM Research, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including ACM Shanghai, collectively.

Our principal corporate office is located in Fremont, California. We conduct a substantial majority of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC through ACM
 Shanghai. We perform, through a subsidiary of ACM Shanghai, additional product development and subsystem production in South Korea, and we conduct, through ACM Research, sales and marketing activities focused on sales of ACM Shanghai products
 in North America, Europe and certain regions in Asia outside mainland China.

2 

Table of Contents 

ACM Research is not a PRC operating company, and we do not conduct our operations in the PRC through the use of a variable interest entity, or VIE, or any other structure designed for the
 purpose of avoiding PRC legal restrictions on direct foreign investments in PRC-based companies. ACM Research has a direct ownership interest in ACM Shanghai as the result of its holding 82.5 of the outstanding shares of ACM Shanghai.
 Stockholders of ACM Research may never directly own equity interests in ACM Shanghai. We do not believe that our corporate structure or any other matters relating to our business operations require that we obtain any permissions or approvals
 from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Cyberspace Administration of China, or any other PRC central government authority in order to continue to list shares of Class A common stock of ACM Research on the Nasdaq Global Select
 Market. This determination was based on the facts aforementioned and the PRC Company Law, PRC Securities Law, cybersecurity regulations and other relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements in the PRC currently in effect. However,
 if this determination proves to be incorrect, then it could have a material adverse effect on ACM Research. See Item IA. Risk Factors Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business If any PRC
 central government authority were to determine that existing PRC laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission or approval to continue the listing of ACM Research s Class A common stock in the United States
 or if those existing PRC laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, ACM Shanghai may be unable to obtain the required permission or approval or may only be able to obtain such
 permission or approval on terms and conditions that impose material new restrictions and limitations on operation of ACM Shanghai, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations, reputation and prospects and on the trading price of ACM Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless. 

The business of ACM Shanghai is subject to complex laws and regulations in the PRC that can change quickly with little or no advance notice. To date, beyond the COVID-19-related restrictions in
 2022, we have not experienced such intervention or influence by PRC central government authorities or a change in those authorities rules and regulations that have had a material impact on ACM Shanghai or ACM Research.

In addition, in the ordinary course of business, ACM Shanghai is required to obtain certain operating permits and licenses necessary for it to operate in the PRC, including business licenses,
 certifications relating to quality management standards, import and export-related qualifications from customs, as well as environmental and construction permits, licenses and approvals relating to construction projects. We believe ACM
 Shanghai has all such required permits and licenses. However, from time to time the PRC government issues new regulations, which may require additional actions on the part of ACM Shanghai to comply. If ACM Shanghai does not, or is unable
 to, obtain any such additional permits or licenses, ACM Shanghai may be subjected to restrictions and penalties imposed by the relevant PRC regulatory authorities, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects and on the trading price of ACM Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless.

The following chart depicts our corporate organization as of December 31, 2022:

Cash amounts held by ACM Shanghai at PRC banks in mainland China are subject to a series of risk control regulatory standards from PRC bank regulatory authorities. ACM Shanghai is required to
 obtain approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, to transfer funds into or out of the PRC. SAFE requires a valid agreement to approve the transfers, which are processed through a bank. Other than these PRC foreign
 exchange restrictions, ACM Shanghai is not subject to any PRC restrictions and limitations on its ability to transfer funds to ACM Research or among our other subsidiaries. However, cash held by ACM Shanghai in mainland China does exceed
 applicable insurance limits and is subject to risk of loss, although no such losses have been experienced to date.

3 

Table of Contents 

ACM Research (CA), Inc., or ACM California, periodically procures goods and services on behalf of ACM Shanghai. For these transactions, ACM Shanghai makes cash payments to ACM California in
 accordance with applicable transfer pricing arrangements. ACM California periodically borrows funds for working capital advances from its direct parent, CleanChip Technologies Limited, or CleanChip. ACM California renews or repays these
 intercompany loans in accordance with their terms. For sales through CleanChip and ACM Research, a certain amount of sales proceeds is repatriated back to ACM Shanghai in accordance with applicable transfer pricing arrangements in the
 ordinary course of business. Subsequent to June 30, 2020, with the exception of sales and services-related transfer-pricing payments in the ordinary course of business, no cash transfers, dividends or other payments or distributions have been
 made between ACM Research and ACM Shanghai. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operations and expenses of our business, and we do not expect to distribute earnings or declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable
 future.

The U.S. Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, requires that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, determine whether it is unable to inspect or
 investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in any non-U.S. jurisdiction. BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP, or BDO
 China, had been our independent registered public accounting firm in recent years, including for the year ended December 31, 2021. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was
 enacted on December 29, 2022 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, as further described below. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB reported its determination that it was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public
 accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong, including BDO China, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. On March 30, 2022, based on this determination, ACM Research was transferred to the SEC s
 Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCA. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business We could be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with recent and proposed legislation and
 regulations regarding improved access to audit and other information and audit inspections of accounting firms operating in the PRC of this report for more information. Under current regulations, if ACM Research were to be included on this
 list for two consecutive years due to our independent auditor being located in a jurisdiction that does not allow for PCAOB inspections, the SEC would prohibit trading in our securities and this ultimately could cause our securities to be
 delisted in the U.S., and their value may significantly decline or become worthless.

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong in
 2022 and vacated its previous December 16, 2021 determination to the contrary. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and
 Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control. PRC authorities will need to ensure that the PCAOB continues to have full access for inspections and investigations in 2023 and
 beyond. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the PRC and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PRC authorities do not allow the PCAOB complete access for inspections and
 investigations for two consecutive years, the SEC would prohibit trading in the securities of issuers engaging those audit firms, as required under the HFCA Act. Further, on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was
 signed into law by U.S. President Biden, which, among other things, amended the HFCA Act to reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years that would trigger the trading prohibition under the HFCA Act from three years to two years
 (originally such threshold under the HFCA Act was three consecutive years), and so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the reason why the PCAOB does not have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s public accounting firm
 (originally the HFCA Act only applied if the PCAOB s ability to inspect or investigate was due to a position taken by an authority in the jurisdiction where the relevant public accounting firm was located).

In addition, on June 30, 2022, stockholders of ACM Research ratified the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent auditor for the year ended December 31, 2022. Armanino LLP is neither
 headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong nor was it subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, which determinations were vacated by the PCAOB on December 15, 2022, and, subsequent to the filing of this report, we
 do not believe ACM Research will appear on the Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA for a second time.

4 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the matters discussed above, we are also subject to a number of legal and operational risks associated with our corporate structure, including as the result of a substantial
 portion of our operations being conducted in the PRC. Consequences of any of those risks could result in a material adverse change in our operations or cause the value of ACM Research Class A common stock to significantly decline in value or
 become worthless. Please carefully read the information included in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report, in particular the risk factors addressing the following issues:

If any PRC central government authority were to determine that existing PRC laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission or approval to continue the listing of ACM
 Research s Class A common stock in the United States or if those existing PRC laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, or if we inadvertently conclude that such
 permissions or approvals are not required, ACM Shanghai may be unable to obtain the required permission or approval or may only be able to obtain such permission or approval on terms and conditions that impose material new
 restrictions and limitations on operation of ACM Shanghai, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects and on the trading price of ACM
 Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless.

PRC central government authorities may intervene in, or influence, ACM Shanghai s PRC-based operations at any time, and those authorities rules and regulations in the PRC can change quickly with little or
 no advance notice.

The PRC central government may determine to exert additional control over offerings conducted overseas or foreign investment in PRC-based issuers, which could result in a material change in operations of ACM
 Shanghai and cause significant declines in the value of ACM Research Class A common stock, or make them worthless.

Recent statements and regulatory actions by PRC central government authorities with respect to the use of VIEs and to data security and anti-monopoly concerns have not affected our ability to
 conduct our business operations in China. For further information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business of this report for more information.

For purposes of this report, certain amounts in Renminbi, or RMB, have been translated into U.S. dollars solely for the convenience of the reader. The translations have been
 made based on the conversion rates published by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People s Republic of China.

SAPS, TEBO, ULTRA C and ULTRA FURNACE are trademarks of ACM Research. For convenience, these trademarks appear in this report without symbols, but that practice does not
 mean that ACM Research will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, ACM Research s rights to the trademarks. This report also contains other companies trademarks, registered marks and trade names, which are the property of
 those companies.

5 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND STATISTICAL DATA

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in
 this report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
 statements by terms such as may, might, will, objective, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, anticipate, project, target, design, estimate, predict, potential, plan or the negative of these
 terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently
 available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known
 and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described or incorporated by reference in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this report, that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
 different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

The information included under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview, of Part II of this report contains statistical
 data and estimates, including forecasts, that are based on information provided by Gartner, Inc., or Gartner, in Forecast: Semiconductor Wafer Fab Equipment, Worldwide, 4Q22 Update (December 2022), or the Gartner Report. The Gartner Report
 represents research opinions or viewpoints that are published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Gartner and are not representations of fact. The Gartner Report speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date
 of this report), and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Report are subject to change without notice. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any of the data presented from the Gartner Report, estimates, and in particular
 forecasts, involve numerous assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties, as well as change based on various factors, that could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the data presented below.

Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these statements publicly or to
 update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.

You should read this report, and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed as exhibits to this report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may
 be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

6 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Overview

We supply advanced, innovative capital equipment developed for the global semiconductor industry. Fabricators of advanced integrated circuits, or chips, can use our wet-cleaning and other
 front-end processing tools in numerous steps to improve product yield, even at increasingly advanced process nodes. We have designed these tools for use in fabricating foundry, logic and memory chips, including dynamic random-access memory, or
 DRAM, and 3D NAND-flash memory chips. We also develop, manufacture and sell a range of advanced packaging tools to wafer assembly and packaging customers.

Revenue from wet cleaning and other front-end processing tools totaled 308.5 million, or 79.3 of total revenue in 2022, 202.3 million, or 77.9 of total revenue in 2021, and 136.3 million, or
 87.0 of total revenue in 2020. Selling prices for our wet-cleaning and other front-end processing tools range from 0.7 million to more than 5 million. Our customers for wet-cleaning and other front-end processing tools have included Shanghai
 Huali Microelectronics Corporation, together with Huahong Semiconductor Ltd., collectively known as The Shanghai Huahong (Group) Company, Ltd., or The Huali Huahong Group, Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation, or SMIC, Shanghai
 SK Hynix Inc., Yangtze Memory Technologies Co., Ltd., or YMTC, and ChangXin Memory Technologies.

Revenue from advanced packaging, other processing tools, services and spares totaled 80.3 million, or 20.7 of total revenue in 2022, 57.5 million, or 22.1 of total revenue in 2021, and 20.4
 million, or 13.0 of total revenue in 2020. Selling prices for these tools range from 0.5 million to more than 4 million. Our customers for advanced packaging, and other processing tools have included Jiangyin Changdian Advanced Packaging
 Co. Ltd., a leading PRC-based wafer bumping packaging house that is a subsidiary of JCET Group Co., Ltd.; Nantong Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd., a PRC-based chip assembly and testing company that is a subsidiary of Nantong Fujitsu
 Microelectronics Co., Ltd.; Nepes Co., Ltd., a semiconductor packaging company based in South Korea which acquired the operations of Deca Technologies Philippines manufacturing facility in 2020; and Wafer Works Corporation, a leading
 PRC-based wafer supplier.

We estimate, based on third-party reports and on customer and other information, that our current product portfolio addresses approximately 16 billion of the 2022 global wafer fab equipment, or
 WFE, market. By product line, we estimate an approximately 4.6 billion market opportunity is addressed by our wafer cleaning equipment, 4.3 billion by our Plasma-Enhanced Chemical Vapor Deposition, or PECVD, equipment, 3.2 billion by our
 furnace equipment, 2.6 billion by our Track equipment, 800 million by our electro-chemical plating, or ECP, equipment, and more than 800 million by our stress-free polishing, advanced packaging, wafer processing, and other processing
 equipment.

Based on Gartner s estimates, the total available global market for these equipment segments increased by 7.6 from 20.1 billion in 2021, to 21.6 billion in 2022, and is expected to decrease by
 19.6 to 17.4 billion in 2023. These equipment segments are a subset of the total worldwide semiconductor WFE market, which Gartner estimates increased by 8.9 from 92.4 billion in 2021 to 100.5 billion in 2022, and estimates will decrease
 by 19.0 to 81.5 billion in 2023.

We have focused our selling efforts on establishing a referenceable base of leading foundry, logic and memory chip makers, whose use of our products can influence
 decisions by other manufacturers. We believe this customer base has helped us penetrate the mature chip manufacturing markets and build credibility with additional industry leaders. We have used a demo-to-sales process to place evaluation
 equipment, or first tools, with a number of selected customers.

To date, a substantial majority of our sales of single-wafer wet-cleaning equipment for front-end manufacturing have been to customers located in Asia, and we anticipate that a substantial
 majority of our revenue from these products will continue to come from customers located in this region for the foreseeable future.

7 

Table of Contents 

We have begun to add to our efforts to further address customers in North America, Western Europe and Southeast Asia by expanding our direct sales and services teams and increasing our global
 marketing activities. Our U.S. operation includes sales, marketing and services personnel to expand and support major new customer initiatives for the products of ACM Shanghai to additional regions beyond mainland China. As of December 31,
 2022, we have delivered one tool for evaluation to a U.S. lab of a global semiconductor capital equipment vendor, and two tools to the U.S. facility of a major U.S. semiconductor manufacturer. Both of these evaluations are supported by our
 U.S. services team.

We are focused on building a strategic portfolio of intellectual property to support and protect our key innovations. Our tools have been developed using our key proprietary technologies:

Space Alternated Phase Shift, or SAPS, technology for flat and patterned (deep via or deep trench with stronger structure) wafer surfaces. SAPS technology employs
 alternating phases of megasonic waves to deliver megasonic energy in a highly uniform manner on a microscopic level. We have shown SAPS technology to be more effective than conventional megasonic and jet spray technologies in
 removing random defects across an entire wafer, with increasing relative effectiveness at more advanced production nodes.

Timely Energized Bubble Oscillation, or TEBO, technology for patterned wafer surfaces at advanced process nodes . TEBO technology has been developed to provide
 effective, damage-free cleaning for 2D and 3D patterned wafers with fine feature sizes. We have demonstrated the damage-free cleaning capabilities of TEBO technology on patterned wafers for feature nodes as small as 1xnm (16 to 19
 nanometers, or nm), and we have shown TEBO technology can be applied in manufacturing processes for patterned chips with 3D architectures having aspect ratios as high as 60 to 1.

Tahoe technology for cost and environmental savings. Tahoe technology delivers high cleaning performance using significantly less sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide
 than is typically consumed by conventional high-temperature single-wafer cleaning tools.

ECP technology for advanced metal plating. Our Ultra ECP ap, or Advanced Packaging, technology was developed for back-end assembly processes to deliver a more uniform
 metal layer at the notch area of wafers prior to packaging. Our Ultra ECP map, or Multi-Anode Partial Plating, technology was developed for front-end wafer fabrication processes to deliver advanced electrochemical copper plating for
 copper interconnect applications. Ultra ECP map offers improved gap-filling performance for ultra-thin seed layer applications, which is critical for advanced nodes at 28nm, 14nm and beyond.

In 2020, 2021 and 2022 we introduced and delivered a range of new tools intended to broaden our revenue opportunity with global semiconductor manufacturers. Product extensions include the Ultra
 SFP ap tool for advanced packaging solutions, the Ultra C VI 18-chamber single wafer cleaning tool for advanced memory devices, and the Ultra ECP 3d platform for through-silicon-via, or tsv, application. New product lines include the Ultra fn
 Furnace, our first dry processing tool, and a suite of semi-critical cleaning systems which include single wafer back side cleaning, scrubber, and auto bench cleaning tools.

We added two major new product categories in 2022 with the launch of the Ultra Pmax PECVD tool, which is equipped with a proprietary designed chamber, gas distribution unit and chuck, and is
 intended to provide better film uniformity, reduced film stress, and improved particle performance, and the introduction of the Ultra Track tool, a 300mm process tool that delivers uniform air downflow, fast robot handling and customizable
 software to address specific customer requirements, and has multiple features that enhance performance across defectivity, throughput, and cost of ownership.

We have been issued more than 448 patents in the United States, the People s Republic of China, or PRC, Japan, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan.

We conduct a substantial majority of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC, with additional product development and subsystem production in South Korea.
 Substantially all of our integrated tools are built to order at our manufacturing facilities in the Pudong region of Shanghai, which now encompass a total of 236,000 square feet of floor space for production capacity, with leased buildings at
 our Chuansha campus. In May 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly owned subsidiary Shengwei Research (Shanghai), Inc., or ACM Shengwei, entered into an agreement for a land use right in the Lingang region of Shanghai. In 2020 ACM Shengwei began
 a multi-year construction project for a new 1,000,000 square foot development and production center that will incorporate state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and automation technologies and will provide floor space to support significantly
 increased production capacity and related research and development, or R D, activities. We expect to complete construction of the first Lingang manufacturing building and commence initial production in the second half of 2023 timeframe.

8 

Table of Contents 

Our experience has shown that chip manufacturers in the PRC and throughout Asia demand equipment that meets their specific technical requirements and generally prefer to build relationships with
 local suppliers. We will continue to seek to leverage our local presence in the PRC and South Korea through our subsidiaries to address the growing market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the region by working closely with regional
 chip manufacturers to understand their specific requirements, encourage them to adopt our technologies, and enable us to design innovative products and solutions to address their needs.

On November 18, 2021, ACM Shanghai successfully completed its initial public offering of shares of ACM Shanghai in the PRC, which we refer to as the STAR IPO, and its shares began trading on the
 Shanghai Stock Exchange s Sci-Tech innovAtion boaRd, known as the STAR Market, which we refer to as the STAR Listing, as described under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Our Technology and Product Offerings

Wet Cleaning Equipment for Front End Production Processes

Chip fabricators can use our single-wafer wet-cleaning tools in numerous steps to improve product yield in the front-end production process, during which individual devices are patterned in a chip
 prior to being interconnected on a wafer. Our wet-cleaning equipment has been developed using our proprietary SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe technologies, which allow our tools to remove random defects from a wafer surface effectively, without damaging a
 wafer or its features, even at increasingly advanced process nodes (the minimum line widths on a chip) of 22nm or less. We use a modular configuration that enables us to create a wet-cleaning tool meeting the specific requirements of a
 customer, while using pre-existing designs for chamber, electrical, chemical delivery and other modules. Our modular approach supports a wide range of customer needs and facilitates the adaptation of our model tools for use with the optimal
 chemicals selected to meet a customer s requirements. Our tools are offered principally for use in manufacturing chips from 300 millimeter, or mm, silicon wafers, but we also offer solutions for 150mm and 200mm wafers and for nonstandard
 substrates, including compound semiconductor, quartz, sapphire, glass and plastics.

SAPS Technology, Applications and Equipment

SAPS Technology 

SAPS technology delivers megasonic energy uniformly to every point on an entire wafer by alternating phases of megasonic waves in the gap between a megasonic transducer and the wafer. Radicals for
 removing random defects are generated in dilute solution, and the radical generation is promoted by megasonic energy. Unlike stationary megasonic transducers used in conventional megasonic cleaning methods, SAPS technology moves or tilts a
 transducer while a wafer rotates, enabling megasonic energy to be delivered uniformly across all points on the wafer, even if the wafer is warped. The mechanical force of cavitations generated by megasonic energy enhances the mass transfer rate
 of dislodged random defects and improves particle removal efficiency.

By delivering megasonic energy in a highly uniform manner on a microscopic level, SAPS technology can precisely control the intensity of megasonic energy and can effectively remove random defects
 of all sizes across the entire wafer in less total cleaning time than conventional megasonic cleaning products, without loss of material or roughing of wafer surfaces. We have conducted trials demonstrating SAPS technology to be more effective
 than conventional megasonic and jet spray cleaning technologies as defect sizes shrink from 300nm to 20nm and below. These trials show that SAPS technology has an even greater relative advantage over conventional jet spray technology for
 cleaning defects between 50 and 65nm in size, and we expect the relative benefits of SAPS will continue to apply in cleaning even smaller defect sizes.

SAPS Applications 

SAPS megasonic cleaning technology can be applied during the chip fabrication process to clean wafer surfaces and interconnects. It also can be used to clean, and lengthen the lifetime, of
 recycled test wafers.

9 

Table of Contents 

Wafer Surfaces. SAPS technology can enhance removal of random defects following planarization and deposition, which are among the most important, and most
 repeated, steps in the fabrication process:

Post CMP : Chemical mechanical planarization, or CMP, uses an abrasive chemical slurry following other fabrication processes, such as deposition and etching, in order to
 achieve a smooth wafer surface in preparation for subsequent processing steps. SAPS technology can be applied following each CMP process to remove residual random defects deposited or formed during CMP.

Post Hard Mask Deposition: As part of the photolithographical patterning process, a mask is applied with each deposition of a material layer to prevent etching of
 material intended to be retained. Hard masks have been developed to etch high aspect-ratio features of advanced chips that traditional masks cannot tolerate. SAPS technology can be applied following each deposition step involving hard
 masks that use nitride, oxide or carbon-based materials to achieve higher etch selectivity and resolution.

For these purposes, SAPS technology uses environmentally friendly dilute chemicals, reducing chemical consumption. Chemical types include dilute solutions of chemicals used in RCA cleaning, such
 as dilute hydrofluoric acid and RCA SC-1 solutions, and, for higher quality wafer cleaning, functional de-ionized water produced by dissolving hydrogen, nitrogen or carbon dioxide in water containing a small amount of chemicals, such as
 ammonia. Functional water removes random defects by generating radicals, and megasonic excitation can be used in conjunction with functional water to further increase the generation of radicals. Functional water has a lower cost and
 environmental impact than RCA solutions, and using functional water is more efficient in eliminating random defects than using dilute chemicals or de-ionized water alone. We have shown that SAPS megasonic technology using functional water
 exhibits high efficiency in removing random defects, especially particles smaller than 65nm, with minimal damage to structures.

Interconnects and Barrier Metals . Each successive advanced process node has led to finer feature sizes of interconnects such as contacts, which form
 electrical pathways between a transistor and the first metal layer, and vias, which form electrical pathways between two metal layers. Advanced nodes have also resulted in higher aspect ratios for interconnect structures, with thinner,
 redesigned metal barriers being used to prevent diffusion. SAPS technology can improve the removal of residues and other random defects from interconnects during the chip fabrication process:

Post Contact/Via Etch: Wet etching processes are commonly used to create patterns of high-density contacts and vias. SAPS technology can be applied after each such
 etching process to remove random defects that could otherwise lead to electrical shorts.

Pre Barrier-Metal Deposition : Copper wiring requires metal diffusion barriers at the top of via holes to prevent electrical leakage. SAPS technology can be applied
 prior to deposition of barrier metal to remove residual oxidized copper, which otherwise would adhere poorly to the barrier and impair performance.

For these applications, SAPS technology uses environmentally friendly dilute chemicals such as dilute hydrofluoric acid, RCA SC-1 solution, ozonated de-ionized water and functional de-ionized
 water with dissolved hydrogen. These chemical solutions take the place of piranha solution, a high-temperature mixture of sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide used by conventional wet wafer cleaning processes. We have shown that SAPS technology
 exhibits greater efficiency in removing random defects, and lower levels of material loss, than conventional processes, and our chemical solutions are less expensive and more environmentally conscious than piranha solution.

Recycled Test Wafers. In addition to using silicon wafers for chip production, chip manufacturers routinely process wafers through a limited portion of the
 front-end fabrication steps in order to evaluate the health, performance and reliability of those steps. Manufacturers also use wafers for non-product purposes such as inline monitoring. Wafers used for purposes other than manufacturing revenue
 products are known as test wafers, and it is typical for twenty to thirty percent of the wafers circulating in a fab to be test wafers. In light of the significant cost of wafers, manufacturers seek to re-use a test wafer for more than one
 test. As test wafers are recycled, surface roughness and other defects progressively impair the ability of a wafer to complete tests accurately. SAPS technology can be applied to reduce random defect levels of a recycled wafer, enabling the
 test wafer to be reclaimed for use in additional testing processes. For these purposes, SAPS technology includes improved fan filter units that balances intake and exhaust flows, precise temperature and concentration controls that ensure better
 handling of concentrated acid processes, and two-chemical recycle capability that reduces chemical consumption.

10 

Table of Contents 

SAPS Equipment 

We offer two principal models of wet wafer cleaning equipment based on our SAPS technology, Ultra C SAPS II and Ultra C SAPS V. Each of these models is a single-wafer, serial-processing tool that
 can be configured to customer specifications and, in conjunction with appropriate dilute chemicals, used to remove random defects from wafer surfaces or interconnects and barrier metals as part of the chip front-end fabrication process or for
 recycling test wafers. By combining our megasonic and chemical cleaning technologies, we have designed these tools to remove random defects with greater efficacy and efficiency than conventional wafer cleaning processes, with enhanced process
 flexibility and reduced quantities of chemicals. Each of our SAPS models was initially built to meet specific requirements of a key customer.

SAPS II (released in 2011). Highlights of our SAPS II equipment include:

compact design, with footprint of 2.65m x 4.10m x 2.85m (WxDxH), requiring limited clean room floor space;

up to 8 chambers, providing throughput of up to 225 wafers per hour;

double-sided cleaning capability, with up to 5 cleaning chemicals for process flexibility;

2-chemical recycling capability for reduced chemical consumption;

image wafer detection method for lowering wafer breakage rates; and

chemical delivery module for delivery of dilute hydrofluoric acid, RCA SC-1 solution, functional de-ionized water and carbon dioxide to each of
 the chambers.

SAPS V (released in 2014). SAPS V includes SAPS II features with the following upgrades:

compact design, with footprint of 2.55m x 5.1m x 2.85m (WxDxH), requiring limited clean room floor space;

up to 12 chambers, providing throughput of up to 375 wafers per hour;

chemical supply system integrated into mainframe;

inline mixing method replaces tank auto changing, reducing process time; and

improved drying technology using hot isopropyl alcohol and de-ionized water.

TEBO Technology, Applications and Equipment

TEBO Technology 

We developed TEBO technology for application in wet wafer cleaning during the fabrication of 2D and 3D wafers with fine feature sizes. TEBO technology facilitates effective cleaning even with
 patterned features too small or fragile to be addressed by conventional jet spray and megasonic cleaning technologies.

11 

Table of Contents 

TEBO technology solves the problems created by transient cavitation in conventional megasonic cleaning processes. Cavitation is the formation of bubbles in a liquid, and transient cavitation is a
 process in which a bubble in fluid implodes or collapses. In conventional megasonic cleaning processes, megasonic energy forms bubbles and then causes those bubbles to implode or collapse, blasting destructive high-pressure, high-temperature
 micro jets toward the wafer surface. Our internal testing has confirmed that at any level of megasonic energy capable of removing random defects, the sonic energy and mechanical force generated by transient cavitation are sufficiently strong to
 damage fragile patterned structures with features less than 70nm.

TEBO technology provides multi-parameter control of cavitation by using a sequence of rapid changes in pressure to force a bubble in liquid to oscillate at controlled sizes, shapes and
 temperatures, rather than implode or collapse. As a result, cavitation remains stable during TEBO megasonic cleaning processes, and a chip fabricator can, using TEBO technology, apply the level of megasonic energy needed to remove random
 defects without incurring the pattern damage created by transient cavitation in conventional megasonic cleaning.

We have demonstrated the damage-free or low-damage cleaning capabilities of TEBO technology on customers patterned wafers as small as 1xnm (16nm to 19nm), and we believe TEBO technology will be
 applicable in even smaller fabrication process nodes. TEBO technology can be applied in manufacturing processes for conventional 2D chips with fine features and advanced chips with 3D structures, including Fin Field Effect Transistors or
 FinFET, DRAM, 3D NAND and 3D cross point memory, and we expect it will be applicable to other 3D architectures developed in the future, such as carbon nanotubes and quantum devices. As a result of the thorough, controlled nature of TEBO
 processes, cleaning time for TEBO-based solutions may take longer than conventional megasonic cleaning processes. Conventional processes have proven ineffective, however, for process nodes of 20nm or less, and we believe the increased yield
 that can be achieved by using TEBO technology for nodes up to 70nm can more than offset the cost of the additional time in utilizing TEBO technology.

TEBO Applications 

At process nodes of 28nm and less, chip makers face escalating challenges in eliminating nanometric particles and maintaining the condition of inside pattern surfaces. In order to maintain chip
 quality and avoid yield loss, cleaning technologies must control random defects of diminishing killer defect sizes, without roughing or otherwise damaging surfaces of transistors, interconnects or other wafer features. TEBO technology can be
 applied in numerous steps throughout the manufacturing process flow for effective, damage-free cleaning:

Memory Chips: We estimate that TEBO technology can be applied in as many as 50 steps in the fabrication of a DRAM chip, consisting of up to 10 steps in cleaning ISO
 structures, 20 steps in cleaning buried gates, and 20 steps in cleaning high aspect-ratio storage nodes and stacked films.

Logic Chips: In the fabrication process for a logic chip with a FinFET structure, we estimate that TEBO technology can be used in 15 or more cleaning steps.

For purposes of solving inside pattern surface conditions for memory or logic chips, TEBO technology uses environmentally friendly dilute chemicals such as RCA SC-1 and hydrogen gas doped
 functional water.

TEBO Equipment 

We offer two models of wet wafer cleaning equipment based on our TEBO technology, Ultra C TEBO II and Ultra C TEBO V. Each of these models is a single-wafer, serial-processing tool that can be
 configured to customer specifications and, in conjunction with appropriate dilute chemicals, used at numerous manufacturing processing steps for effective, damage-free cleaning of chips at process nodes of 28nm or less. TEBO equipment solves
 the problem of pattern damage caused by transient cavitation in conventional jet spray and megasonic cleaning processes, providing better particle removal efficiency with limited material loss or roughing. TEBO equipment is being evaluated by a
 select group of leading memory and logic chip customers.

12 

Table of Contents 

Each model of TEBO equipment includes:

an equipment front-end module, or EFEM, which moves wafers from chamber to chamber.

one or more chamber modules, each equipped with a TEBO megasonic generator system.

an electrical module to provide power for the tool; and

a chemical delivery module.

Ultra C TEBO II (released in 2016). Highlights of our Ultra C TEBO II equipment include:

compact design, with footprint of 2.25m x 2.25m x 2.85m (WxDxH);

up to 8 chambers with an upgraded transport system and optimized robotic scheduler, providing throughput of up to 300 wafers per hour.

EFEM module consisting of 4 load ports, transfer robot and 1 process robot; and

focus on dilute chemicals contributes to environmental sustainability and lower cost of ownership.

Ultra C TEBO V (released in 2016). Highlights of our Ultra C TEBO V equipment include:

footprint of 2.45m x 5.30m x 2.85m (WxDxH).

up to 12 chamber modules, providing throughput of up to 300 wafers per hour.

EFEM module consisting of 4 load ports, 1 transfer robot and 1 process robot: and

chemical delivery module for delivery of isopropyl alcohol, dilute hydrofluoric acid, RCA SC-1 solution, functional de-ionized water and carbon
 dioxide to each of the chambers.

Tahoe Overview

Our Ultra-C Tahoe wafer cleaning tool can deliver high cleaning performance using significantly less sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide than is typically consumed by conventional high-temperature
 single-wafer cleaning tools. During normal single-wafer cleaning processes, only a fraction of the acid reacts with the wafer surface, while the majority is wasted as acid spins off the wafer and requires significant cost and effort to be
 recycled. Tahoe employs a proprietary hybrid approach in which the sulfuric acid cleaning steps are processed in batch mode, and the final stage cleaning are processed with single-wafer cleaning technologies. In addition to providing cost
 savings resulting from vastly reduced sulfuric acid consumption, Ultra-C Tahoe meets the needs of customers who face increased environmental regulations and demand new, more environmentally friendly tools. We delivered our first Ultra C Tahoe
 tool to a strategic customer in 2019.

Advanced Packaging and other Back-End Processing Tools

We leverage our technology and expertise to provide a range of single-wafer tools for back-end wafer assembly and packaging factories. We develop, manufacture and sell a wide range of advanced
 packaging tools, such as coaters, developers, photoresist strippers, scrubbers, wet etchers and copper-plating tools. We focus on providing custom-made, differentiated equipment that incorporates customer-requested features at a competitive
 price.

13 

Table of Contents 

For example, our Ultra C Coater is used in applying photoresist, a light-sensitive material used in photolithography to transfer a pattern from a mask onto a wafer. Coaters typically provide input
 and output elevators, shuttle systems and other devices to handle and transport wafers during the coating process. Unlike most coaters, the Ultra C Coater is fully automated. Based on requests from customers, we developed and incorporated the
 special function of chamber auto-clean module into the Ultra C Coater, which further differentiates it from other products in the market by reducing or eliminating the cleaning of shroud in the coater which increases the tool s continuous
 production time. The Ultra C Coater is designed to deliver improved throughput and more efficient tool utilization while eliminating particle generation.

Our other advanced packaging tools include: Ultra ECP ap, which delivers a uniform metal layer to finished wafers prior to packaging; Ultra C Developer, which applies liquid developer to selected
 parts of photoresist to resolve an image; Ultra C PR Megasonic-Assisted Stripper, which removes photoresist; Ultra C Scrubber, which scrubs and cleans wafers; Ultra C Thin Wafer Scrubber, which addresses a sub-market of cleaning very thin
 wafers for certain Asian assembly factories; and Ultra C Wet Etcher, which etches silicon wafers and copper and titanium interconnects.

Our Customers

Since 2009 we have delivered more than 380 wet cleaning and other front-end processing tools, more than 290 of which were repeat orders or acceptances upon contractual performance obligations
 having been met and thereby generated revenue to us. The balance of the delivered tools is awaiting customer acceptance should contractual conditions be met. To date, substantially all of our sales of equipment for semiconductor-manufacturing
 have been to customers located in Asia, and we anticipate that a substantial majority of our revenue from these products will continue to come from customers located in this region for the foreseeable future. We have begun to add to our efforts
 to further address customers in North America, Western Europe and Southeast Asia, by expanding our direct sales teams and increasing our global marketing activities.

We generate most of our revenue from a limited number of customers as the result of our strategy of initially placing equipment with a small number of leading chip manufacturers that are driving
 technology trends and key capability implementation. In 2022, 43.8 of our revenue was derived from three customers: The Huali Huahong Group, a leading PRC-based foundry, accounted for 18.2 of our revenue; SMIC, a leading PRC-based foundry,
 accounted for 15.6 of our revenue, and YMTC, a leading PRC-based memory chip company, together with one of its subsidiaries, accounted for 10.0 of our revenue. In 2021, 48.9 of our revenue was derived from two customers: The Huali Huahong
 Group accounted for 28.1 of our revenue; and YMTC, together with one of its subsidiaries, accounted for 20.8 of our revenue. In 2020, 75.8 of our revenue was derived from three customers: The Huali Huahong Group accounted for 36.9 of our
 revenue; YMTC, together with one of its subsidiaries, accounted for 26.8 of our revenue; and SMIC accounted for 12.1 of our revenue.

For our back-end wafer assembly and packaging customers, we focus on providing custom-made, differentiated equipment that incorporates a customer s requested features at a competitive cost of
 ownership. Our customers for advanced packaging, wafer processing, and other back-end processing tools have included Jiangyin Changdian Advanced Packaging Co. Ltd., a leading PRC-based wafer bumping packaging house that is a subsidiary of JCET
 Group Co., Ltd.; Nantong Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd., a PRC-based chip assembly and testing company that is a subsidiary of Nantong Fujitsu Microelectronics Co., Ltd.; Nepes Co., Ltd., a semiconductor packaging company based in South
 Korea which acquired the operations of Deca Technologies Philippines manufacturing facility in 2020; and Wafer Works Corporation, a leading PRC-based wafer supplier.

Sales and Marketing

We market and sell our products worldwide using a combination of our direct sales force and third-party representatives. We employ direct sales teams in Asia, Europe and North America, and have
 located these teams near our customers, primarily in the PRC, South Korea, Taiwan and the United States. Each salesperson has specific local market expertise. We also employ field application engineers, who are typically co-located with our
 direct sales teams, to provide technical pre- and post-sale support tours and other assistance to existing and potential customers throughout the customers fab planning and production line qualification and fab expansion phases. Our field
 application engineers are organized by end markets as well as core competencies in hardware, control system, software and process development to support our customers.

14 

Table of Contents 

To supplement our direct sales teams, we have contacts with several independent sales representatives in the PRC, South Korea and Taiwan. We select these independent representatives based on their
 ability to provide effective field sales, marketing forecast and technical requirement updates for our products. In the case of representatives, our customers place purchase orders with us directly rather than with the representatives.

Our sales have historically been made using purchase orders with agreed technical specifications. Our sales terms and conditions are generally consistent with industry practice but may vary from
 customer to customer. We seek to obtain a purchase order two to six months ahead of the customer s desired delivery date. Consistent with industry practice, we allow customers to reschedule or cancel orders at a certain cost to them on
 relatively short notice. Because of our relatively short delivery period and our practice of permitting rescheduling or cancellation, we believe that backlog is not a reliable indicator of our future revenue.

Our marketing team focuses on our product strategy and technology road maps, product marketing, new product introduction processes, demand assessment and competitive analysis, customer requirement
 communication and public relations. Our marketing team also has the responsibility to conduct environmental scans, study industry trends and arrange our participation at major trade shows.

Manufacturing

We conduct a substantial majority of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC, with additional product development and subsystem production in South Korea.
 Substantially all of our tools are built to order at our manufacturing facilities in the Pudong region of Shanghai, which now encompass a total of 236,000 square feet of floor space for production capacity.

In May 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into an agreement for a land use right in the Lingang region of Shanghai. In July 2020 ACM Shengwei began a
 multi-year construction project for a new development and production center. The planned 1,000,000 square foot facility will incorporate state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and automation technologies and will provide the floor space to
 support significantly more production capacity and related research and development activities when fully staffed and supplied. See Item 2. Properties, of Part I of this report.

Our experience has shown that chip manufacturers in the PRC and throughout Asia demand equipment meeting their specific technical requirements and prefer building relationships with local
 suppliers. We will continue to seek to leverage our local presence to address the growing market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the region by working closely with regional chip manufacturers to understand their specific
 requirements, encourage them to adopt our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies in our current portfolio, and enable us to design innovative products and solutions to address their needs.

Currently substantially all of our staff are able to work at both of our Shanghai facilities, and to date we have not experienced absenteeism of management or other key employees, other than
 certain of our executive officers being delayed in traveling between the PRC, our California office, and other global locations, and a significant number of ACM Shanghai employees missing work in late 2022 and early 2023 for one or several
 weeks due to COVID-19 related illness following relaxation of the PRC s zero-COVID policies in December 2022. For additional information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations COVID-19 Pandemic, of Part II of this report.

We purchase some of the components and assemblies that we include in our products from single source suppliers. We believe that we could obtain and qualify alternative sources to supply these
 components. Nevertheless, any prolonged inability to obtain these components could have an adverse effect on our operating results and could unfavorably impact our customer relationships. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our
 Business and Our Industry We depend on a limited number of suppliers, including single source suppliers, for critical components and assemblies, and our business could be disrupted if they are unable to meet our needs. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development

We believe that our success depends in part on our ability to develop and deliver breakthrough technologies and capabilities to meet our customers ever-more challenging technical requirements.
 For this reason, we devote significant financial and personnel resources to research and development. Our research and development team is comprised of highly skilled engineers and technologists with extensive experience in megasonic
 technology, cleaning processes and chemistry, mechanical design, and control system design. 

For the foreseeable future we are focusing on enhancing our Ultra C SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other tools and integrating additional capabilities to meet and anticipate requirements
 from our existing and potential customers. Our particular areas of focus include development of the following:

new cleaning steps for Ultra C SAPS cleaners for application in logic chips and for DRAM, and 3D NAND technologies.

new cleaning steps for Ultra C TEBO cleaners for FinFET in logic chips, gates in DRAM, and deep vias in 3D NAND technologies.

new cleaning steps for Ultra Tahoe cleaners for application in logic chips and for DRAM and 3D NAND technologies.

new dry technologies such as supercritical CO2 dry and advanced IPA dry for DRAM, and logic technologies.

new hardware, including new system platforms, new and additional chamber structures and new chemical blending systems;

new software to integrate new functionalities to improve tool performance; and

support for the ongoing evaluations and commercialization efforts and product extensions for the newly introduced PECVD and Track product categories.

Longer term, we are working on new proprietary process capabilities based on our existing tool hardware platforms. We are also working to integrate our tools with third-party tools in adjacent
 process areas in the chip manufacturing flow.

Our research and development expense totaled 62.2 million or 16.0 of revenue in 2022, 34.2 million or 13.2 of revenue in 2021 and 19.1 million or 12.2 of revenue in 2020. We intend to
 continue to invest in research and development to support and enhance our existing cleaning products and to develop future product offerings to build and maintain our technology leadership position.

Intellectual Property

Our success and future revenue growth depend, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We control access to and use of our proprietary technologies, software and other
 confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, consultants, advisors, customers, partners and suppliers. We rely primarily on patent, copyright, trademark and trade
 secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. All employees and consultants are required to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment and consulting
 relationships with us. We also require them to agree to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived or made in connection with the employment or consulting relationship.

We have aggressively pursued intellectual property since our founding in 1998. We focus our patent filing efforts in the United States, and, when justified by cost and strategic importance, we
 file corresponding foreign patent applications in strategic jurisdictions such as the European Union, the PRC, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan. Our patent strategy is designed to provide a balance between the need for coverage in our
 strategic markets and the need to maintain costs at a reasonable level.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 41 issued patents, and 29 patents pending, in the United States. These patents carry expiration dates from 2027 through 2037. Many of the US patents and
 applications have also been filed internationally, in one or more of the European Union, Japan, PRC, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan. Specifically, we own patents in wafer cleaning, electro-polishing and plating, wafer preparation, and other
 semiconductor processing technologies. We have been issued more than 448 patents in the United States, the PRC, Japan, Korea, Singapore and Taiwan.

16 

Table of Contents 

We manufacture advanced single-wafer cleaning systems equipped with our SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe technologies. Our wafer cleaning technologies are protected by US Patent Numbers 8580042, 8671961,
 9070723, 9281177, 9492852, 9595457, 9633833, 10020208, 10910244, 11103898, 11037804, 11141762, 11462423, 11257667, and 11298727, as well as their corresponding international patents. We have 48 patents granted internationally protecting our
 SAPS technologies. We also have filed 11 international patent applications for key TEBO technologies, and 4 for Tahoe, in accordance with the Patent Cooperation Treaty, in anticipation of filing in the U.S. national phase.

In addition to the above core technologies, we have technologies for SFP and ECP that are used in certain of our tools. SFP is an integral part of the electro polishing process. Our technology was
 a breakthrough in electro-chemical-copper-planarization technology when it was first introduced, because it can polish, stress-free, copper layers used in copper low-K interconnects. Our innovations in SFP and ECP are reflected in US Patent
 Numbers 6638863, 8518224, 10227705, and 11008669, and their corresponding international counterparts.

We also have technologies in other semiconductor processing areas, such as wafer preparation and some specific processing steps. The wafer preparation technology is covered by US Patent Numbers
 8383429 and 9295167. The specific processing steps include US Patent Number 8598039 titled Barrier layer removal method and apparatus, and US Patent Number 10615073 titled method for removing barrier layer for minimizing sidewall recess. 

To date we have not granted licenses to third parties under the patents described above. Not all of these patents have been implemented in products. We may enter into licensing or cross-licensing
 arrangements with other companies in the future.

We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from any of our pending applications. Any rights granted under any of our existing or future patents may not provide meaningful protection or any
 commercial advantage to us. With respect to our other proprietary rights, it may be possible for third parties to copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology or marks without authorization or to develop similar technology
 independently.

The semiconductor equipment industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights or positions, which have resulted in often protracted and expensive
 litigation. We may in the future initiate claims or litigation against third parties to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. In addition, we may in the future initiate litigation to enforce our intellectual property
 rights or the rights of our customers or to protect our trade secrets.

Our customers could become the target of litigation relating to the patent or other intellectual property rights of others. This could trigger technical support and indemnification obligations in
 some of our customer agreements. These obligations could result in substantial expenses, including the payment by us of costs and damages related to claims of patent infringement. In addition to the time and expense required for us to provide
 support or indemnification to our customers, any such litigation could disrupt the businesses of our customers, which in turn could hurt our relations with our customers and cause the sale of our products to decrease. We do not have any
 insurance coverage for intellectual property infringement claims for which we may be obligated to provide indemnification.

Additional information about the risks relating to our intellectual property is provided under Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security. 

Competition

The chip equipment industry is characterized by rapid change and is highly competitive throughout the world. We compete with semiconductor equipment companies located around the world, and we may
 also face competition from new and emerging companies, including new competitors from the PRC. We consider our principal competitors to be those companies that provide wafer cleaning and electrical plating products to the market, including Lam
 Research Corporation, NAURA Technology Group Co., Ltd., Mujin Electronics Co., Ltd., SCREEN SPE USA, LLC (a subsidiary of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.), SEMES Co. Ltd., Tokyo Electron Ltd. and Kokusai Semiconductor Equipment Corporation. Key
 competitors for our newly-introduced PECVD and Track products include Lam Research Corporation, Applied Materials, Inc., KINGSEMI Co., Ltd. and Suzho Jingtuo Semiconductor Technology Co., Ltd.

17 

Table of Contents 

Compared to our company, our current and potential competitors may have:

better established credibility and market reputations, longer operating histories, and broader product offerings;

significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, which may allow them to pursue design, development, manufacturing, sales, marketing, distribution and service support of their
 products;

more extensive customer and partner relationships, which may position them to identify and respond more successfully to market developments and changes in customer demands; and

multiple product offerings, which may enable them to offer bundled discounts for customers purchasing multiple products or other incentives that we cannot match or offer.

The principal competitive factors in our market include:

performance of products, including particle removal efficiency, rate of damage to wafer structures, high temperature chemistry, throughput, tool uptime and reliability, safety, chemical waste treatment, and
 environmental impact;

gap filling capability, the deposited film thickness uniformity within wafer and wafer to wafer, particle generated on the wafer during the processes;

service support capability and spare parts delivery time; innovation and development of functionality and features that are must-haves for advanced fabrication nodes;

ability to anticipate customer requirements, especially for advanced process nodes of less than 45nm; ability to identify new process applications;

brand recognition and reputation; and

skill and capability of personnel, including design engineers, manufacturing engineers and technicians, application engineers, and service engineers.

In addition, semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate new equipment into semiconductor production lines. Some manufacturers began fabricating chips
 for the 5nm node in 2020 and the 3nm node in 2022. Once a semiconductor manufacturer has selected a particular supplier s equipment and qualified it for production, the manufacturer generally maintains that selection for that specific
 production application and technology node as long as the supplier s products demonstrate performance to specification in the installed base. Accordingly, we may experience difficulty in selling to a given manufacturer if that manufacturer has
 qualified a competitor s equipment. If, however, that cleaning equipment constrains chip yield, we expect, based on our experience to date, that the manufacturer will evaluate implementing new equipment that cleans more effectively.

We intend to address the high-end fabrication market with advanced nodes, and we believe we compete favorably with respect to the factors described above. Most of our competitors offer
 single-wafer cleaning products using jet spray technology, which has relatively poor particle removal efficiency for random defects less than 30nm in size and presents increased risk of damage to the fragile patterned architectures of wafers at
 advanced process nodes. Certain of our competitors offer single-wafer cleaning products with megasonic cleaning capability, but we believe these products, which use conventional megasonic technology, are unable to maintain energy dose
 uniformity on the entire wafer and often lack the ability to repeat the requisite uniform energy dose wafer to wafer in production, resulting in poor efficiency in removing random defects, longer processing time and greater loss of material. In
 addition, these conventional megasonic products generate transient cavitation, which results in more incidents of damage to wafer structures with feature sizes of 70nm or less. We design our cleaning tools equipped with our proprietary SAPS,
 TEBO and Tahoe technologies, which we believe offer better performance, much less chemical consumption, and lower cost of consumables, including at advanced process nodes of 22nm or less.

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,209 full-time equivalent employees, of whom 110 were in administration, 253 were in manufacturing, 519 were in research and development, and 327 were in sales and marketing and customer services. Of these employees, 1,077 were located in mainland China and the Taiwan region, 119 were located in Korea and 13 were based in the United States. We have
 never had a work stoppage, and none of our employees are represented by a labor organization or subject to any collective bargaining arrangements. We consider our employee relations to be good.

18 

Table of Contents 

We compete in the highly competitive semiconductor equipment industry, with operations principally in the PRC. Attracting, developing, and retaining skilled and experienced employees in research
 and development, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and other positions is crucial to our ability to compete effectively. Our ability to recruit and retain such employees depends on a number of factors, including our corporate culture and work
 environment, informed by our values and behaviors, our corporate philosophy of talent development and career opportunities, and compensation and benefits.

Recruitment, Retention and Benefits

To attract and retain qualified employees and key talent, we offer total compensation packages that are competitive with comparable companies, particularly in the PRC and, specifically, Shanghai.

We provide training and development programs to our employees, and we have trained many of our key engineers and managers for more than a decade. Retention of these key employees is critical to
 secure our future growth and technology development. To assist in employee retention and recruitment, we offer employee housing in the Lingang region of Shanghai in connection with the completion of ACM Shanghai s housing facility in Lingang,
 where we are in the process of building a new research and development and production center.

Health and Safety, Pandemic Response

When it comes to employee safety, we are committed to providing a safe work environment for our employees that meets or exceeds local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. As a
 result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have augmented certain of our normal business practices to ensure that we promote health and safety for our employees. We have established safety policies and protocols, and we regularly update our employees
 with respect to any changes. A majority of our workforce provide services that cannot be performed remotely, and we have prioritized the health of those individuals that continue to work at our facilities. We have provided personal protective
 equipment and cleaning supplies. We require masks to be worn in our facilities and have prohibited all non-essential domestic and international travel for all employees. We have also provided general information updates and support for our
 employees to ensure that they have resources and information to protect their health and that of those around them, including their families and co-workers.

COVID-19 Pandemic

Following its initial outbreak in December 2019, COVID 19, or the coronavirus, spread across the PRC, the United States and globally. The COVID 19 outbreak has affected our business and operating
 results since the first quarter of 2020. Since that time, travel between our offices in the United States and our facilities in the PRC has been and will likely continue to be restricted, which has and may continue to impact our ability to
 effectively operate our company and to oversee our operations. The COVID 19 situation continues to evolve, and it is impossible for us to predict the effect and ultimate impact of the COVID 19 outbreak on our business operations and results. In
 December 2022, the PRC government relaxed its zero-COVID policies, which resulted in large scale COVID-19 infections throughout China, including Shanghai. A significant number of ACM Shanghai employees were also infected, and in many cases
 missed work for one or several weeks, which caused administrative and operational challenges in late 2022 and early 2023. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including our operations,
 customers, suppliers and projects. While the ongoing regulatory measures instituted or recommended in response to COVID 19 are expected to be temporary, the duration of the business disruptions, and related financial impact, of the outbreak
 cannot be estimated at this time.

See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations COVID 19 Pandemic of Part II of this report for additional discussion of our expectations and
 estimates related to the COVID-19 Pandemic.

Environmental

Severe weather events, including earthquakes, fires, floods, heat waves, hurricanes and other environmental disasters, could pose a threat to our manufacturing and research and development
 activities through physical damage to our operating facilities or equipment or disruption of power supply or telecommunications infrastructure. The frequency and intensity of severe weather events are reportedly increasing throughout the world
 as part of broader climate changes. Global weather pattern changes may also pose long-term risks of physical impacts to our business. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that would be implemented to help us recover in
 the event of severe weather events that interrupt our business. See Item 1A. Risk Factors General Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster, war, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Concerns about climate change have resulted in various laws and regulations that are intended to limit carbon emissions and address other environmental concerns. In recent years, the PRC, where
 our production facilities are located, has undertaken comprehensive sustainability initiatives that are requiring companies to meet new environmental standards and deal with higher energy and other production costs. Environmental laws and
 regulations may impose new or unexpected cost either directly through, for example, higher energy costs or indirectly through increased costs of compliance or of failing to comply with these laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
 might increase the cost of construction, maintenance and operation of our new research and development center and factory in the Lingang region of Shanghai.

We do not currently expect that existing or pending climate change laws and regulations will be material to our results of operations in the foreseeable future. Climate change could, however, have
 a direct effect on our customer base of semiconductor fabricators, whose operations typically require copious quantities of power and water and a number of chemicals. Chip fabrication operations often result in significant amounts of
 wastewater, which can contain a number of harmful contaminants, including antimony, arsenic, hydrofluoric acid and hydrogen peroxide, that historically have resulted in groundwater pollution and related violations of environmental laws.
 Moreover, water and chemical demands for semiconductor fabrication are expected to increase with the production of more advanced chips at smaller process nodes. As a result, some leading chip fabricators have begun to invest in conservation and
 treatment technologies for water and chemicals.

We have designed some of our tools to require significantly reduced levels of environmentally harmful chemicals, which helps customers face increased environmental laws and regulations. SAPS and
 TEBO technologies use environmentally friendly dilute chemicals, such as dilute hydrofluoric acid, RCA SC-1 solution, ozonated de-ionized water and functional de-ionized water with dissolved hydrogen. In interconnect and barrier metals
 applications based on SAPS technology, for example, these chemical solutions take the place of chemicals such as piranha solution, a high-temperature mixture of sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide used by conventional wet wafer cleaning
 processes. Similarly, Tahoe technology delivers high cleaning performance using significantly less sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide than is typically consumed by conventional high-temperature single-wafer cleaning tools. For additional
 information, see Our Technology and Product Offerings Wet Cleaning Equipment for Front End Production Processes. 

Available Information

We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at
 www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, are also available free of charge on our website at www.acmrcsh.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Investors should note that we announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts or our website
 (www.acmrcsh.com), including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, key personnel, our brands and our business strategy. Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage
 investors to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update the list of channels we will use to communicate information that could be deemed material and will post information about any such change on
 www.acmrcsh.com. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC.

20 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

Investing in Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other
 information contained in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the
 following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In any
 such case, the trading price of Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results
 could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.

Risk Factor Summary

Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, the risks summarized below.

Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business

if any PRC central government authority were to determine that existing PRC laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission or approval to
 continue the listing of ACM Research s Class A common stock in the United States or if those existing PRC laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, or if we
 inadvertently conclude that permissions or approvals are not required, ACM Shanghai may be unable to obtain the required permission or approval or may only be able to obtain such permission or approval on terms and conditions
 that impose material new restrictions and limitations on operation of ACM Shanghai, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects and
 on the trading price of ACM Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless;

PRC central government authorities may intervene in, or influence, ACM Shanghai s PRC-based operations at any time, and those authorities rules and regulations in the PRC can change quickly with little or no
 advance notice;

the PRC central government may determine to exert additional control over offerings conducted overseas or foreign investment in PRC-based issuers, which could result in a material change in operations of ACM
 Shanghai and cause significant declines in the value of ACM Research Class A common stock, or make them worthless;

if we are unable to comply with recent and proposed legislation and regulations regarding improved access to audit and other information and audit inspections of accounting firms, including registered public
 accounting firms, such as our prior audit firm, operating in the PRC, we could be adversely affected;

it may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within the PRC;

certain of our assets are located outside of the United States and certain of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States, which may make it difficult for you to enforce your rights based on
 the U.S. federal securities laws;

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry

our potential future needs for additional capital that may not be available at all or on terms acceptable to us;

the cyclicality in the semiconductor industry that may lead to substantial variations in demand for our products;

our dependence on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue;

industry manufacturers of chips adopting our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies;

our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies not achieving widespread market acceptance;

our ability to continue to enhance our existing single-wafer wet cleaning tools and identifying and entering new product markets;

our ability to establish and maintain a reputation for credibility and product quality;

21 

Table of Contents 

our ability to expand our customer base;

our long and unpredictable sales cycle, including our incurrence of significant expenses long before we can recognize revenue from new products, if at all;

difficulties in forecasting demand for our tools;

our reliance on third parties to manufacture significant portions of our tools and our ability to manage our relationships with these parties;

any shortage of components or subassemblies, which could result in delayed delivery of products to us or in increased costs to us;

our dependence on a limited number of suppliers, including single source suppliers, for critical components and subassemblies;

our dependence on our Chief Executive Officer and President and other senior management and key employees;

Regulatory Risks

regulatory actions limiting our ability and the broader industry to import into the PRC items sourced from the U.S. or otherwise subject to control under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR),
 thereby impacting our ability to sell our tools to customers in the PRC;

changes in government trade policies that could limit the demand for our tools and increase the cost of our tools;

changes in political and economic policies with respect to the PRC;

the PRC s currency exchange control and government restrictions on investment repatriation may impact our ability to transfer funds outside of the PRC;

Risks Related to Our STAR Listing

our ability to implement our strategy to expand our PRC operations;

our ability to achieve the results contemplated by our business strategy and our strategy for growth in the PRC and expectations related to the STAR Listing;

the effect of ACM Shanghai s status as a publicly traded company that is controlled, but less than wholly owned, by ACM Research;

our ability to manage potentially inconsistent accounting and disclosure requirements of ACM Research and ACM Shanghai as a result of the STAR Listing;

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security

our ability to protect our intellectual property, including in the PRC;

breaches of our cybersecurity systems;

Risks Related to the COVID 19 Pandemic

impacts on our global supply chain due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and our ability to successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the global semiconductor shortage;

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our currently planned projects and investments in the PRC;

Risks Related to Ownership of Class A Common Stock

material weaknesses identified with respect to our internal controls over financial reporting;

the volatility in the market price of Class A common stock;

manipulative short sellers of our stock, which may drive down the market price of our Class A common stock and could result in litigation;

the difficulty to predict the effect of the STAR Listing and STAR IPO on the Class A common stock;

the dual class structure of Class A common stock, which has the effect of concentrating voting control with our executive officers and directors; and

the limited experience of our management team managing a public company.

22 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business

If any PRC central government authority were to determine that existing PRC laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission
 or approval to continue the listing of ACM Research s Class A common stock in the United States or if those existing PRC laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, or if we
 inadvertently conclude that permissions or approvals are not required, ACM Shanghai may be unable to obtain the required permission or approval or may only be able to obtain such permission or approval on terms and conditions that impose
 material new restrictions and limitations on operation of ACM Shanghai, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects and on the trading price of ACM
 Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless.

PRC central government authorities have taken steps to preclude, or significantly discourage, certain PRC companies from listing on U.S. and other exchanges outside the PRC. Investments activities
 in the PRC by non-PRC investors are principally governed by the Encouraged Industries Catalog for Foreign Investment (2020 version) and the Special Administrative Measures for Foreign Investment Access (Negative List 2021), both of which were
 promulgated by the PRC s Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, and National Development and Reform Commission. These regulations set forth the industries in which foreign investments are encouraged, restricted and prohibited.

Industries that are not listed in any of these three categories are generally open to foreign investment unless otherwise specifically restricted by other PRC rules and regulations. We believe
 that our operations do not fall within any industry that is restricted or prohibited under these regulations and that the regulations therefore do not apply to us.

PRC-based companies that seek to list their shares in the United States but are subject to PRC restrictions on investments by non-PRC investors sometimes use a special purpose vehicle known as a
 VIE created in an off-shore jurisdiction such as the Cayman Islands. In these structures, a VIE enters into a series of contractual arrangements with the PRC-based operating company and its PRC-based shareholders that afford those shareholders,
 rather than the shareholders of the VIE, effective control over the finances and operations of the operating company. The VIE, effectively a shell company, issues share that are listed for trading on a U.S. exchange, but the enterprise is
 controlled by the legacy PRC-based shareholders and is subject to PRC laws and regulations. ACM Research is not a VIE or other special purpose, or shell, company, and its relationship with ACM Shanghai does not involve the types of contractual
 arrangements existing between a VIE and a PRC-based operating company. ACM Research is a Delaware corporation founded in California in 1998 that formed ACM Shanghai to conduct business operations in the PRC. ACM Research controls the operations
 of ACM Shanghai through its direct ownership of ACM Shanghai shares, and it also conducts sales and marketing activities focused on sales of ACM Shanghai products in North America, Europe and certain regions in Asia outside mainland China.

We do not believe that our corporate structure or any other matters relating to our business operations currently require that ACM Shanghai obtain any permissions or approvals from the China
 Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or any other PRC central government authority in connection with ACM s listing, or offering for sale in the future, shares of our Class A common stock in the United States. We, including ACM Shanghai,
 therefore have never solicited any permission or approval from any PRC central government authority, and thus no such permissions or approvals have been received or denied, in connection with ACM Research s seeking and maintaining the listing
 of our Class A common stock in the United States. In the event that we inadvertently conclude that permissions or approvals are not required, or either the CSRC or another PRC central government authority were to determine that existing PRC
 laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission or approval to continue ACM Research s listing of Class A common stock in the United States or if those existing PRC laws and regulations, or interpretations
 thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, ACM Shanghai could be unable to obtain any such permission or approval or could be able to obtain such permission or approval only on terms and conditions that impose material new
 operating or other restrictions and limitations on ACM Shanghai. In such circumstances, it would materially and adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock, which may decline in value or become worthless. In addition, ACM Shanghai
 could face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC central government authorities or pressure from the PRC government in various business matters for failure to obtain such permission or approval. Such potential sanctions or pressure may include
 fines and penalties on ACM Shanghai s operations in the PRC, limitations on its operating privileges in the PRC, delays in or restrictions on the transfer of proceeds from a public offering of ACM Research securities in the United States to ACM
 Shanghai, restrictions on or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by ACM Shanghai to ACM Research, or other actions that could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
 reputation and prospects, as well as the trading price of ACM Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless.

23 

Table of Contents 

PRC central government authorities may intervene in, or influence, ACM Shanghai s PRC-based operations at any time, and those authorities rules and
 regulations in the PRC can change quickly with little or no advance notice.

The business of ACM Shanghai is subject to complex laws and regulations in the PRC that can change quickly with little or no advance notice. To date, beyond the COVID-19-related restrictions in
 2022, we have not experienced such intervention or influence by PRC central government authorities or a change in those authorities rules and regulations that have had a material impact of ACM Shanghai or ACM Research. We cannot assure you,
 however, that future changes in PRC laws and regulations will not materially and adversely affect our PRC-based operations. For example:

Intellectual Property . Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and trade secret protection for our intellectual property,
 including our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies and the design of our Ultra C equipment. See Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security Our success depends
 on our ability to protect our intellectual property, including our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies . in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of this report. The significant majority of our intellectual
 property has been developed in the PRC and is owned by ACM Shanghai. Implementation and enforcement of intellectual property-related laws in the PRC has historically been lacking due primarily to ambiguities in PRC intellectual
 property law. See Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, including the PRC, which could
 materially, negatively affect our business in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of this report. In the event PRC central government authorities were to significantly revise or revamp the current scope and structure of
 intellectual property protection in the PRC, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights for our key proprietary technologies may be adversely impacted and competitors may be able to match our technologies
 and tools in order to compete with us.

Title Defect in Leased Premises . We conduct research and development, and service support operations at ACM Shanghai s headquarters located in the Zhangjiang Hi Tech Park in Shanghai, which ACM Shanghai
 leases from Zhangjiang Group. Zhangjiang Group has not obtained a certificate of property title for the premises, although it has represented to ACM Shanghai that it has the right to rent the premises to ACM Shanghai. If any adjustment
 in local regional overall planning of Shanghai, or any other reason, results in the demolition of such premises, the premises could not continue to be leased to ACM Shanghai and the day-to-day production and operation of ACM Shanghai
 would be materially and adversely affected. See Item 2, Properties of Part I of this report.

COVID-19 Pandemic . We conduct substantially all of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC, and those activities have been directly impacted by COVID-19 and related
 restrictions on transportation and public appearances, including implementation by PRC government authorities of spot and full-city quarantines in the city of Shanghai, where substantially all of our operations are located.
 Furthermore, a number of our key customers have substantial operations based in operations areas of the PRC, including in the City of Shanghai, which required us to defer, in the first quarter of 2022, shipments of finished products to
 those customers. A significant number of ACM Shanghai employees missed work in late 2022 and early 2023 for one or several weeks due to COVID-19 related illness following the relaxation of the PRC s zero-COVID policies in December 2022.
 For additional information see Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic Substantially all of our operations, as well as significant operations of a number of our key customers, are located in areas of
 the PRC impacted by the COVID 19 pandemic, and our operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the effects of PRC restrictions imposed as the result of COVID 19 in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of
 this report.

24 

Table of Contents 

Data Security . The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the Standing Committee, has promulgated the Cyber Security Law, which imposes requirements on entities who build and operate
 the PRC s internet architecture or provide services in the PRC over the internet, and the Data Security Law, which imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities. The Data Security
 Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain data an information. ACM Shanghai is not subject to the existing restrictions
 imposed by the Cyber Security Law or the Data Security Law, in part because its business operations do not involve the collection, processing or use of data or information involving personal privacy or private information of customers.
 In addition, ACM Shanghai is subject to oversight by the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, regarding data security. ACM Shanghai does not collect or maintain personal information except for routine personal information
 necessary to process payroll payments and other benefits and emergency contact information, and as a result, ACM Shanghai is not currently subject to significant restrictions or limitations in addressing and managing data security
 issues and complying with CAC regulations. To date, ACM Shanghai has not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity review initiated by the CAC or any related PRC central government authority and has not received any inquiry,
 notice, warning, or sanction in such respect. However, cybersecurity is increasingly a focus of the PRC central government. If the CAC or other PRC central government authorities should in the future require ACM Shanghai to comply with
 these or additional, or more restrictive, PRC cybersecurity regulations, it could require ACM Shanghai to make changes to its operations, and any failure to satisfy or delay in meeting such requirements may subject ACM Shanghai to
 restrictions and penalties imposed by the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which may include regulatory actions, fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC, which could materially harm our business, financial condition,
 results of operations, reputation and prospects.

Anti-Monopoly . A number of PRC laws and regulations have established procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time consuming and
 complex. These laws and regulations, which include the Anti-Monopoly Law and the Rules of the Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors,
 impose requirements that in some instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of, for example, any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, such Rules specify
 that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise
 national security concerns are subject to strict review by MOFCOM. In February 2021, the Anti-Monopoly Committee of the State Council published the Anti-Monopoly Guidelines for the Internet Platform Economy Sector, which stipulate
 that any concentration of undertakings involving VIEs is subject to anti-monopoly review. Those Guidelines provide more stringent rules for Internet platform operators, including regulations on the use of data and algorithms, technology
 and platform to commit abusive acts. The Measures for the Security Review for Foreign Investment, which was promulgated jointly by National Development and Reform Commission and MOFCOM effective January 18, 2021, and the Standing
 Committee on Amending the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People s Republic of China, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee effective August 1, 2022, delineated provisions concerning the security review procedures on foreign
 investment, including the types of investments subject to review and the scopes and procedures of the review. ACM Shanghai does not have the concentration of business operators stipulated in the Anti-Monopoly Law, and our operations and
 activities to date have not otherwise subjected us to restrictive provisions or limitations set forth in applicable PRC laws and regulations govern merger and acquisition activities. Among other things, ACM Shanghai s business
 operations do not constitute identified national defense and security concerns associated with the arms industry, any industry ancillary to the arms industry, or any other field related to national defense security. We cannot assure
 you, however, that future changes in PRC laws and regulations governing mergers and acquisitions, including activities in the PRC by foreign investors, will not extend or otherwise modify existing requirements, which could materially
 and adversely affect our PRC-based operations or our ability to expand by investments or acquisitions.

Permits . In the ordinary course of business, ACM Shanghai has obtained all of the permits and licenses it believes are necessary for it to operate in the PRC. ACM Shanghai may be adversely affected,
 however, by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC laws and regulations applicable to, or otherwise affecting, the semiconductor equipment industry and related businesses, and any lack of requisite approvals, licenses or
 permits applicable to ACM Shanghai s business may have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.

25 

Table of Contents 

Trade Policies . Since 2018, general trade tensions between the United States and the PRC have escalated. See Regulatory Risks Changes in government trade policies
 could limit the demand for our tools and increase the cost of our tools in Item 1A, Risk Factors of Part I of this report. The imposition of tariffs by the U.S. and PRC governments and the surrounding economic uncertainty
 may negatively impact the semiconductor industry, including by reducing the demand of fabricators for capital equipment such as our tools. Further changes in trade policy, tariffs, additional taxes, restrictions on exports or other
 trade barriers, or restrictions on supplies, equipment, and raw materials including rare earth minerals, may limit the ability of our customers to manufacture or sell semiconductors or to make the manufacture or sale of semiconductors
 more expensive and less profitable, which could lead those customers to fabricate fewer semiconductors and to invest less in capital equipment such as our tools. In addition, if the PRC were to impose additional tariffs on raw
 materials, subsystems or other supplies that we source from the United States, our cost for those supplies would increase. As a result of any of the foregoing events, the imposition of new or additional tariffs may limit our ability to
 manufacture tools, increase our selling and/or manufacturing costs, decrease margins, or inhibit our ability to sell tools or to purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations, or financial condition.

Moreover, by imposing industrial policies and other economic measures, such as control of foreign exchange, taxation and foreign investment, the PRC central government exerts considerable direct
 and indirect influence on the development of the PRC economy. Other political, economic and social factors may also lead to further legal and regulatory changes and reforms, which may adversely affect our operations and business development.

The PRC central government may determine to exert additional control over offerings conducted overseas or foreign investment in PRC-based issuers, which
 could result in a material change in operations of ACM Shanghai and cause significant declines in the value of ACM Research Class A common stock, or make them worthless.

The PRC central government may determine to exert additional control over securities offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in PRC-based issuers, which could result in a material
 adverse change in operations of ACM Shanghai and cause the value of ACM Research Class A common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. See also If any PRC central government authority were to
 determine that existing PRC laws or regulations require that ACM Shanghai obtain the authority s permission or approval to continue the listing of ACM Research s Class A common stock in the United States or if those existing PRC laws and
 regulations, or interpretations thereof, were to change to require such permission or approval, ACM Shanghai may be unable to obtain the required permission or approval or may only be able to obtain such permission or approval on terms and
 conditions that impose material new restrictions and limitations on operation of ACM Shanghai, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects and on
 the trading price of ACM Research Class A common stock, which could decline in value or become worthless above.

We could be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with recent and proposed legislation and regulations regarding improved access to audit and other
 information and audit inspections of accounting firms, including registered public accounting firms, such as our prior audit firm, operating in the PRC.

We are one of the companies named in the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA. BDO China had been our independent registered public accounting firm in recent years,
 including for the year ended December 31, 2021, and is not inspected by the PCAOB.

The HFCA Act, which became law in December 2020, includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
 completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in any non-U.S. jurisdiction. The HFCA Act also requires that, to the extent that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect an issuer s auditor for two consecutive years, the SEC
 shall prohibit the issuer s securities registered in the United States from being traded on any national securities exchange or over-the-counter market in the United States. 

26 

Table of Contents 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure required of the HFCA Act, and on December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted final amendments
 to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosures in the HFCA Act. These final amendments apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K (or certain other forms) with an audit
 report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by any non-U.S. authority.
 Any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction and will also require disclosure in the
 registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant.

Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, on December 29, 2022, as
 further described below, and which amended the HFCA Act to require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any national securities exchange or over-the-counter market in the United States if the PCAOB has been unable
 to inspect an issuer s auditor for two, rather than three, consecutive years. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCA Act, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as
 contemplated under the HFCA Act, whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in any
 non-U.S. jurisdiction.

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB designated China and Hong Kong as jurisdictions where the PCAOB was not allowed to conduct full and complete audit inspections and identified firms registered in such
 jurisdictions, including BDO China. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms.

On March 8, 2022, the SEC published its first Provisional list of issuers identified under the HFCAA. Our company was identified on the SEC s provisional list after we filed our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which included an audit report issued by BDO China.

On March 30, 2022, our company was transferred to the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol, or SOP, Agreement with the CSRC and China s Ministry of Finance. The SOP, together with two protocol agreements governing inspections and
 investigation, establishes a specific, accountable framework to make possible complete inspections and investigations by the PCAOB of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong, as required under U.S. law. Pursuant to the fact sheet with
 respect to the SOP disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB has sole discretion to select the audit firms, engagements and potential violations that it inspects or investigates and has the ability to transfer information to the SEC in the normal
 course. PCAOB inspectors and investigators can view all audit documentation without redaction, and the PCAOB can retain any audit information it reviews as needed to support the findings of its inspections and investigations. In
 addition, the SOP allows the PCAOB to interview and take testimony of personnel associated with the audits that the PCAOB inspects or investigates.

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong in 2022 and
 vacated its previous December 16, 2021 determination to the contrary. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and
 Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control. PRC authorities will need to ensure that the PCAOB continues to have full access for inspections and investigations in 2023
 and beyond. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the PRC and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PRC authorities do not allow the PCAOB complete access for
 inspections and investigations for two consecutive years, the SEC would prohibit trading in the securities of issuers engaging those audit firms, as required under the HFCA Act.

On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was signed into law by U.S. President Biden, which, among other things, amended the HFCA Act to reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection
 years that would trigger the trading prohibition under the HFCA Act from three years to two years (originally such threshold under the HFCA Act was three consecutive years), and so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the reason why
 the PCAOB does not have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s public accounting firm (originally the HFCA Act only applied if the PCAOB s ability to inspect or investigate was due to a position taken by an authority in
 the jurisdiction where the relevant public accounting firm was located).

27 

Table of Contents 

Per current regulations, if ACM Research were to appear for two consecutive years on the Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA , the value of our securities may significantly
 decline or become worthless, and our securities would be prohibited from trading and may eventually be delisted. It also remains unclear what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or Nasdaq may take to address these issues and what impact those
 actions will have on U.S. companies, such as ours, that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange. Any such actions could materially affect our operations and stock price, including by resulting
 in our being de-listed from Nasdaq or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, on June 30, 2022, stockholders of ACM Research ratified the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent auditor for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
 Armanino LLP is neither headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong nor was it subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, which determinations were vacated by the PCAOB on December 15, 2022, and subsequent to the
 filing of this report, we do not believe ACM Research will appear on the Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA for a second time.

It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within the PRC. 

Stockholder claims or regulatory investigations that are common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in the PRC. For example, in the PRC, there
 are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside of the PRC. Although the authorities in the PRC may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the
 securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of
 mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or
 evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While detailed interpretation of or implementing rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct
 investigation or evidence collection activities within the PRC may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests.

Because certain of our assets are located outside of the United States and certain of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States, it may
 be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on the U.S. federal securities laws against such assets or officers and directors or to enforce a judgment of a United States court against assets or officers and directors in the PRC.

While ACM Research is a Delaware corporation, certain of our officers and directors are nonresidents of the United States, and certain of our assets are located in the PRC, and the operations of
 ACM Shanghai are conducted in the PRC. It may, therefore, not be possible to effect service of process on such persons in the United States, and it may be difficult to enforce any judgments rendered against them or any of our assets that are
 located overseas. Moreover, there is doubt whether courts in the PRC would enforce (a) judgments of United States courts against ACM Shanghai, our directors or officers based on the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the
 United States or any state, or (b) in original actions brought in the PRC, liabilities against us or any nonresidents based upon the securities laws of the United States or any state.

We conduct substantially all of our operations outside the United States and face risks associated with conducting business in foreign markets.

Substantially all of our sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were made to customers outside the United States. Our manufacturing center has been located in Shanghai since 2006 and substantially all of
 our operations are located in the PRC. We expect that all of our significant activities will remain outside the United States in the future. We are subject to a number of risks associated with our international business activities, including:

28 

Table of Contents 

imposition of, or adverse changes in, foreign laws or regulatory requirements, such as work stoppages and travel restrictions imposed in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic;

the need to comply with the import laws and regulations of various foreign jurisdictions, including a range of U.S. import laws;

potentially adverse tax consequences, including withholding tax rules that may limit the repatriation of our earnings, and higher effective income tax rates in foreign countries where we conduct business;

competition from local suppliers with which potential customers may prefer to do business;

seasonal reduction in business activity, such as during the Lunar New Year in parts of Asia and in other periods in various individual countries;

increased exposure to foreign currency exchange rates;

reduced protection for intellectual property;

longer sales cycles and reliance on indirect sales in certain regions;

increased length of time for shipping and acceptance of our products;

greater difficulty in responding to customer requests for maintenance and spare parts on a timely basis;

greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods;

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal and compliance costs associated with multiple international locations;

heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or
 irregularities in, our consolidated financial statements; and

general economic conditions, geopolitical events or natural disasters in countries where we conduct our operations or where our customers are located, including political unrest, war, acts of terrorism or
 responses to such events.

In particular, the Asian market is extremely competitive, and chip manufacturers may be aggressive in seeking price concessions from suppliers, including chip equipment manufacturers.

We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country in which we do business. Our failure to manage these
 risks successfully could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.

Our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although our financial statements are denominated in
 U.S. dollars, a sizable portion of our costs are denominated in other currencies, principally the Chinese Renminbi and, to a lesser extent, the South Korean Won. Because many of our raw material purchases are denominated in Renminbi while the
 majority of the purchase orders we receive are denominated in U.S. dollars, exchange rates have a significant effect on our gross margin. We have not engaged in any foreign currency exchange hedging transactions to date, and any strategies that
 we may use in the future to reduce the adverse impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may not be successful. Our foreign currency exposure with respect to assets and liabilities for which we do not have hedging arrangements
 could have a material impact on our results of operations in periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business.

The exacerbation or further continuation of currently challenging global systemic economic and financial conditions could adversely affect our business,
 results of operations and financial condition.

Any prolonged slowdown in the PRC, United States or global economy may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Market reactions to the global
 outbreak of COVID-19 have negatively affected the world s financial markets since March 2020, and a continuation of those reactions may cause a potential slowdown of the local, regional and global economy. Financial and other markets in the
 United States and worldwide have experienced significant volatility reflecting uncertainty over, among other things, (a) the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial
 authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the United States and the PRC, (b) unrest in Ukraine, the Middle East and Africa, and (c) the rising level of inflation in major industrial countries, including the United States,
 and worries that efforts to curb inflation may result in an economic recession. General inflation, including rising energy prices, interest rates and wages, could adversely impact our business by increasing our operating and borrowing costs as
 well as limiting the amount of capital available for customers to purchase our products. This economic turmoil has had, and could continue to have, a number of repercussions on our business, including significant decreases in orders from our
 customers, business slowdowns or cessations at key suppliers resulting in delays in our product deliveries, increased raw material prices leading to increased production costs that we may not be able to pass onto customers, and business
 challenges at customers resulting in the inability to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products or even insolvency, and counterparty failures negatively impacting our operations and sales. Any systemic economic or financial crisis
 could cause revenues for the semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

29 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry

We may require additional capital in the future and we cannot give any assurance that such capital will be available at all or available on terms acceptable
 to us and, if it is available, additional capital raised by us may dilute holders of Class A common stock.

We may need to raise funds in the future, depending on many factors, including:

our sales growth;

the costs of applying our existing technologies to new or enhanced products;

the costs of developing new technologies and introducing new products;

the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property;

the costs associated with our expansion, including capital expenditures and Lingang-related land purchases and deposits, and with increasing our sales and marketing and service and support efforts, and with
 expanding our geographic operations;

our ability to continue to obtain governmental subsidies for developmental projects in the future;

future debt repayment obligations; and

the number and timing of any future acquisitions.

To the extent that our existing sources of cash, together with any cash generated from operations, are insufficient to fund our activities, we may need to raise additional funds through public or
 private financings, strategic relationships, or other arrangements. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funding is not available, we may be required to reduce expenditures, including
 curtailing our growth strategies and reducing our product development efforts, or to forego acquisition opportunities.

Proceeds received by ACM Shanghai from the initial placements of shares with PRC investors and from the STAR IPO, in connection with the STAR Listing, of ACM Shanghai shares on the STAR Market
 will be used to grow and support our PRC operations. Those proceeds generally are not available for distribution to ACM Research. Under existing PRC laws and regulations, it may be difficult, if not impossible, for ACM Research to be able to
 receive dividends comprised of funds generated by ACM Shanghai and, even if such dividends can be paid from the PRC to the United States, any such dividends can be paid to ACM Research only if other holders of ACM Shanghai shares receive their
 pro rata dividends. As a result, it is unlikely that funds raised or generated by ACM Shanghai will be readily distributable to ACM Research.

If we succeed in raising additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, then the issuance could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. Furthermore,
 the holders of these new securities or debt may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of Class A common stock. In addition, any preferred equity issuance or debt financing that we may obtain in the future could
 have restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
 acquisitions.

30 

Table of Contents 

Our quarterly operating results can be difficult to predict and can fluctuate substantially, which could result in volatility in the price of Class A common
 stock.

Our quarterly revenue and other operating results have varied in the past and are likely to continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, you should not rely upon our past
 quarterly financial results as indicators of future performance. Any variations in our quarter-to-quarter performance may cause our stock price to fluctuate. Our financial results in any given quarter can be influenced by a variety of factors,
 including:

the cyclicality of the semiconductor industry and the related impact on the purchase of equipment used in the manufacture of chips;

the timing of purchases of our tools by chip fabricators, which order types of tools based on multi-year capital plans under which the number and dollar amount of tool purchases can vary significantly from
 year to year;

the relatively high average selling price of our tools and our dependence on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue in any period, whereby the timing and volume of purchase
 orders or cancellations from our customers could significantly reduce our revenue for that period;

the significant expenditures required to customize our products often exceed the deposits received from our customers;

the lead time required to manufacture our tools;

the timing of recognizing revenue due to the timing of shipment and acceptance of our tools;

our ability to sell additional tools to existing customers;

the changes in customer specifications or requirements;

the length of our product sales cycle;

changes in our product mix, including the mix of systems, upgrades, spare parts and service;

the timing of our product releases or upgrades or announcements of product releases or upgrades by us or our competitors, including changes in customer orders in anticipation of new products or product
 enhancements;

our ability to enhance our tools with new and better functionality that meet customer requirements and changing industry trends;

constraints on our suppliers capacity;

our ability to sell our tools to Chinese customers due to regulatory restrictions, including the addition of our customers to the Entity List;

the ability of other suppliers to provide sufficient quantities of their tools to our Chinese customers which may indirectly impact the production plans of our customers and result in a reduction of demand for
 our tools;

the timing of investments in research and development related to releasing new applications of our technologies and new products;

delays in the development and manufacture of our new products and upgraded versions of our products and the market acceptance of these products when introduced;

our ability to control costs, including operating expenses and the costs of the components and subassemblies used in our products;

the costs related to the acquisition and integration of product lines, technologies or businesses; and

the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, including defending our intellectual property against third-party claims or litigation.

Seasonality has played an increasingly important role in the market for chip manufacturing tools. The period of November through February has been a particularly weak period historically for
 manufacturers of chip tools, in part because capital equipment needed to support manufacturing of chips for the December holidays usually needs to be in the supply chain by no later than October and chip makers in Asia often wait until after
 Chinese, or Lunar, New Year, which occurs in January or February, before implementing their capital acquisition plans. The timing of new product releases also has an impact on seasonality, with the acquisition of manufacturing equipment
 occurring six to nine months before a new release.

31 

Table of Contents 

Many of these factors are beyond our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them could cause our operating results to vary widely. As a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our
 quarterly revenue accurately. Our results of operations for any quarter may not be indicative of results for future quarters and quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful. Variability in our periodic
 operating results could lead to volatility in our stock price. Because a substantial proportion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term, our results of operations will suffer if revenue falls below our expectations in a
 particular quarter, which could cause the price of Class A common stock to decline. Moreover, as a result of any of the foregoing factors, our operating results might not meet our announced guidance or expectations of public market analysts or
 investors, in which case the price of Class A common stock could decrease significantly.

Cyclicality in the semiconductor industry is likely to lead to substantial variations in demand for our products, and as a result our operating results could
 be adversely affected.

The chip industry has historically been cyclic and is characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. From time to time, this industry has experienced significant downturns, often
 in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product and technology cycles, excess inventories and declines in general economic conditions. This cyclicality could cause our operating results to decline dramatically from one period to the
 next.

Our business depends upon the capital spending of chip manufacturers, which, in turn, depends upon the current and anticipated market demand for chips. During industry downturns, chip
 manufacturers often have excess manufacturing capacity and may experience reductions in profitability due to lower sales and increased pricing pressure for their products. As a result, chip manufacturers generally sharply curtail their spending
 during industry downturns and historically have lowered their spending more than the decline in their revenues. If we are unable to control our expenses adequately in response to lower revenue from our customers, our operating results will
 suffer and we could experience operating losses. For example, certain industry analysts, such as Gartner, forecast a downturn in 2023 for global WFE investments, as further described in Item 1. Business . We cannot reasonably estimate the
 duration or impact of such a downturn, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our Class A common stock.

Conversely, during industry upturns we must successfully increase production output to meet expected customer demand. This may require us or our suppliers, including third-party contractors, to
 order additional inventory, hire additional employees and expand manufacturing capacity. If we are unable to respond to a rapid increase in demand for our tools on a timely basis, or if we misjudge the timing, duration or magnitude of such an
 increase in demand, we may lose business to our competitors or incur increased costs disproportionate to any gains in revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

The PRC government is implementing focused policies, including state-led investment initiatives, that aim to create and support an independent domestic semiconductor supply chain spanning from
 design to final system production. If these policies, which include loans and subsidies, result in lower demand for equipment than is expected by equipment manufacturers, the resulting overcapacity in the chip manufacturing equipment market
 could lead to excess inventory and price discounting that could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

We depend on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, one or more of
 our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. There are also a limited number of potential customers for our products.

The chip manufacturing industry is highly concentrated, and we derive most of our revenue from a limited number of customers. A total of three customers accounted for 43.8 of our revenue in 2022,
 two customers accounted for 48.9 of our revenue in 2021, and three customers accounted for 75.8 of our revenue in 2020.

As a consequence of the concentrated nature of our customer base, our revenue and results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are difficult to estimate, and any cancellation of
 orders or any acceleration or delay in anticipated product purchases or the acceptance of shipped products by our larger customers could materially affect our revenue and results of operations in any quarterly period.

32 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to sustain or increase our revenue from our larger customers or offset the discontinuation of concentrated purchases by our larger customers with purchases by new or existing
 customers. We expect a small number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of our revenue for the foreseeable future and that our results of operations may fluctuate materially as a result of such larger customers buying
 patterns. Thus, our business success depends on our ability to maintain strong relationships with our customers. The loss of any of our key customers for any reason, or a change in our relationship with any of our key customers, including a
 significant delay or reduction in their purchases, may cause a significant decrease in our revenue, which we may not be able to recapture due to the limited number of potential customers.

We have seen, and may see in the future, consolidation of our customer base. Industry consolidation generally has negative implications for equipment suppliers, including a reduction in the number
 of potential customers, a decrease in aggregate capital spending and greater pricing leverage on the part of consumers over equipment suppliers. Continued consolidation of the chip industry could make it more difficult for us to grow our
 customer base, increase sales of our products and maintain adequate gross margins.

Our success will depend on industry chip manufacturers adopting our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies.

To date our strategy for commercializing our tools has been to place them with selected industry leaders in the manufacturing of memory and logic chips, the two largest chip categories, to enable
 those leading manufacturers to evaluate our technologies, and then leverage our reputation to gain broader market acceptance. In order for these industry leaders to adopt our tools, we need to establish our credibility by demonstrating the
 differentiated, innovative nature of our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies. If these leading manufacturers do not agree that our technologies add significant value over conventional technologies or do not otherwise accept
 and use our tools, we may need to spend a significant amount of time and resources to enhance our technologies or develop new technologies. Even if these leading manufacturers adopt our technologies, other manufacturers may not choose to accept
 and adopt our tools and our products may not achieve widespread adoption. Any of the above factors would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies do not achieve widespread market acceptance, we will not be able to compete effectively.

The commercial success of our tools will depend, in part, on gaining substantial market acceptance by chip manufacturers. Our ability to gain acceptance for our products will depend upon a number
 of factors, including:

our ability to demonstrate the differentiated, innovative nature of our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies and the advantages of our tools over those of our competitors;

compatibility of our tools with existing or potential customers manufacturing processes and products;

the level of customer service available to support our products; and

the experiences our customers have with our products.

In addition, obtaining orders from new customers may be difficult because many chip manufacturers have pre-existing relationships with our competitors. Chip manufacturers must make a substantial
 investment to qualify and integrate wet processing equipment into a chip production line. Due, in part, to the cost of manufacturing equipment and the investment necessary to integrate a particular manufacturing process, a chip manufacturer
 that has selected a particular supplier s equipment and qualified that equipment for production typically continues to use that equipment for the specific production application and process node, which is the minimum line width on a chip, as
 long as that equipment continues to meet performance specifications. Some of our potential and existing customers may prefer larger, more established vendors from which they can purchase equipment for a wider variety of process steps than our
 tools address. Further, because the cleaning process with our TEBO equipment can be up to five times longer than cleaning processes based on other technologies, we must convince chip manufacturers of the innovative, differentiated nature of our
 technologies and the benefits associated with using our tools. If we are unable to obtain new customers and continue to achieve widespread market acceptance of our tools, then our business, operations, financial results and growth prospects
 will be materially and adversely affected.

33 

Table of Contents 

If we do not continue to enhance our existing single-wafer wet cleaning tools and achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to compete effectively.

We operate in an industry that is subject to evolving standards, rapid technological changes and changes in customer demands. Additionally, if process nodes continue to shrink to ever-smaller
 dimensions and conventional two-dimensional chips reach their critical performance limitations, the technology associated with manufacturing chips may advance to a point where our Ultra C equipment based on SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and
 other technologies becomes obsolete. Accordingly, the future of our business will depend in large part upon the continuing relevance of our technological capabilities, our ability to interpret customer and market requirements in advance of tool
 deliveries, and our ability to introduce in a timely manner new tools that address chip makers requirements for cost-effective cleaning solutions. We expect to spend a significant amount of time and resources developing new tools and enhancing
 existing tools. Our ability to introduce and market successfully any new or enhanced cleaning equipment is subject to a wide variety of challenges during the tool s development, including the following:

accurate anticipation of market requirements, changes in technology and evolving standards;

the availability of qualified product designers and technologies needed to solve difficult design challenges in a cost-effective, reliable manner;

our ability to design products that meet chip manufacturers cost, size, acceptance and specification criteria, and performance requirements;

the ability and availability of suppliers and third-party manufacturers to manufacture and deliver the critical components and subassemblies of our tools in a timely manner;

market acceptance of our customers products, and the lifecycle of those products; and

our ability to deliver products in a timely manner within our customers product planning and deployment cycle.

Certain enhancements to our Ultra C equipment in future periods may reduce demand for our pre-existing tools. As we introduce new or enhanced cleaning tools, we must manage the transition from
 older tools in order to minimize disruptions in customers ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older tool inventories and ensure timely delivery of sufficient supplies of new tools to meet customer demand. Furthermore, product
 introductions could delay purchases by customers awaiting arrival of our new products, which could cause us to fail to meet our expected level of production orders for pre-existing tools.

Our success will depend on our ability to identify and enter new product markets.

We expect to spend a significant amount of time and resources identifying new product markets in addition to the market for cleaning solutions and in developing new products for entry into these
 markets. Product development requires significant investments in engineering hours, third-party development costs, prototypes and sample materials, as well as sales and marketing expenses, which will not be recouped if the product launch is
 unsuccessful. We may fail to predict the needs of other markets accurately or develop new, innovative technologies to address those needs. Further, we may not be able to design and introduce new products in a timely or cost-efficient manner,
 and our new products may be more costly to develop, may fail to meet the requirements of the market, or may be adopted slower than we expect. If we are not able to introduce new products successfully, our inability to gain market share in new
 product markets could adversely affect our ability to sustain our revenue growth or maintain our current revenue levels.

If we fail to establish and maintain a reputation for credibility and product quality, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our
 operating results may suffer.

We must develop and maintain a market reputation for innovative, differentiated technologies and high quality, reliable products in order to attract new customers and achieve widespread market
 acceptance of our products. Our market reputation is critical because we compete against several larger, more established competitors, many of which supply equipment for a larger number of process steps than we do to a broader customer base in
 an industry with a limited number of customers. In these circumstances, traditional marketing and branding efforts are of limited value, and our success depends on our ability to provide customers with reliable and technically sophisticated
 products. If the limited customer base does not perceive our products and services to be of high quality and effectiveness, our reputation could be harmed, which could adversely impact our ability to achieve our targeted growth.

We operate in a highly competitive industry and many of our competitors are larger, better-established, and have significantly greater operating and
 financial resources than we have.

The chip equipment industry is highly competitive, and we face substantial competition throughout the world in each of the markets we serve. Many of our current and potential competitors have,
 among other things:

greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, manufacturing, distribution and other resources;

34 

Table of Contents 

established credibility and market reputations;

longer operating histories;

broader product offerings;

more extensive service offerings, including the ability to have large inventories of spare parts available near, or even at, customer locations;

local sales forces; and

more extensive geographic coverage.

These competitors may also have the ability to offer their products at lower prices by subsidizing their losses in wet cleaning with profits from other lines of business in order to retain current
 or obtain new customers. Among other things, some competitors have the ability to offer bundled discounts for customers purchasing multiple products. Many of our competitors have more extensive customer and partner relationships than we do and
 may therefore be in a better position to identify and respond to market developments and changes in customer demands. Potential customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier, regardless of product
 performance or features. If we are not able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors, our business, operating results and financial condition will be negatively affected.

Our customers do not enter into long-term purchase commitments, and they may decrease, cancel or delay their projected purchases at any time.

In accordance with industry practice, our sales are on a purchase order basis, which we seek to obtain three to four months in advance of the expected product delivery date. Until a purchase order
 is received, we do not have a binding purchase commitment. Our customers to date have provided us with non-binding one- to two-year forecasts of their anticipated demands, but those forecasts can be changed at any time, without any required
 notice to us. Because the lead-time needed to produce a tool customized to a customer s specifications can extend up to six months, we may need to begin production of tools based on non-binding forecasts, rather than waiting to receive a
 binding purchase order. No assurance can be made that a customer s forecast will result in a firm purchase order within the time period we expect, or at all.

If we do not accurately predict the amount and timing of a customer s future purchases, we risk expending time and resources on producing a customized tool that is not purchased by a particular
 customer, which may result in excess or unwanted inventory, or we may be unable to fulfill an order on the schedule required by a purchase order, which would result in foregone sales. Customers may place purchase orders that exceed forecasted
 amounts, which could result in delays in our delivery time and harm our reputation. In the future a customer may decide not to purchase our tools at all, may purchase fewer tools than it did in the past or may otherwise alter its purchasing
 patterns, and the impact of any such actions may be intensified given our dependence on a small number of large customers. Our customers make major purchases periodically as they add capacity or otherwise implement technology upgrades. If any
 significant customers cancel, delay or reduce orders, our operating results could suffer.

We may incur significant expenses long before we can recognize revenue from new products, if at all, due to the costs and length of research, development,
 manufacturing and customer evaluation process cycles.

We often incur significant research and development costs for products that are purchased by our customers only after much, or all, of the cost has been incurred or that may never be purchased. We
 allow some new customers, or existing customers considering new products, to evaluate products without any payment becoming due unless the product is ultimately accepted, which means we may invest a significant amount in manufacturing a tool
 that may never be accepted and purchased or may be purchased months or even years after production. In the past we have borrowed money in order to fund first-time purchase order equipment and next-generation evaluation equipment. When we
 deliver evaluation equipment, or a first tool, we may not recognize revenue or receive payment for the tool for 24 months or longer. Even returning customers may take as long as six months to make any payments. If our sales efforts are
 unsuccessful after expending significant resources, or if we experience delays in completing sales, our future cash flow, revenue and profitability may fluctuate or be materially adversely affected.

35 

Table of Contents 

Our sales cycle is long and unpredictable, which results in variability of our financial performance and may require us to incur high sales and marketing
 expenses with no assurance that a sale will result, all of which could adversely affect our profitability.

Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of our sales cycle. A sales cycle is the period
 between initial contact with a prospective customer and any sale of our tools. Our sales process involves educating customers about our tools, participating in extended tool evaluations and configuring our tools to customer-specific needs,
 after which customers may evaluate the tools. The length of our sales cycle, from initial contact with a customer to the execution of a purchase order, is generally 6 to 24 months. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on
 sales and marketing activities and make investments in evaluation equipment, all of which lower our operating margins, particularly if no sale occurs or if the sale is delayed as a result of extended qualification processes or delays from our
 customers customers.

The duration or ultimate success of our sales cycle depends on factors such as:

efforts by our sales force;

the complexity of our customers manufacturing processes and the compatibility of our tools with those processes;

our customers internal technical capabilities and sophistication; and

our customers capital spending plans and processes, including budgetary constraints, internal approvals, extended negotiations or administrative delays.

It is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. As a result, we may not recognize revenue
 from our sales efforts for extended periods of time, or at all. The loss or delay of one or more large transactions in a quarter could impact our results of operations for that quarter and any future quarters for which revenue from that
 transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, we believe that the length of the sales cycle and intensity of the evaluation process may increase for those current and potential customers that centralize their purchasing decisions.

Difficulties in forecasting demand for our tools may lead to periodic inventory shortages or excess spending on inventory items that may not be used.

We need to manage our inventory of components and production of tools effectively to meet changing customer requirements. Accurately forecasting customers needs is difficult. Our tool demand
 forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, including non-binding forecasts received from our customers years in advance, each of which may introduce error into our estimates. Inventory levels for components necessary to build our tools in
 excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs and could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our tools or if our manufacturing partners fail to
 supply components we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. Such shortages might delay production or shipments to customers and may cause us to lose sales. These shortages may also harm our credibility,
 diminish the loyalty of our channel partners or customers.

A failure to prevent inventory shortages or accurately predict customers needs could result in decreased revenue and gross margins and harm our business.

Some of our products and supplies may become obsolete or be deemed excess while in inventory due to rapidly changing customer specifications, changes in product structure, components or bills of
 material as a result of engineering changes, or a decrease in customer demand. We also have exposure to contractual liabilities to our contract manufacturers for inventories purchased by them on our behalf, based on our forecasted requirements,
 which may become excess or obsolete. Our inventory balances also represent an investment of cash. To the extent our inventory turns are slower than we anticipate based on historical practice, our cash conversion cycle extends and more of our
 cash remains invested in working capital. If we are not able to manage our inventory effectively, we may need to write down the value of some of our existing inventory or write off non-saleable or obsolete inventory. Any such charges we incur
 in future periods could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

36 

Table of Contents 

The difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of operations and financial condition from period to period. A failure to accurately predict the level
 of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenue and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance.

If our tools contain defects or do not meet customer specifications, we could lose customers and revenue.

Highly complex tools such as ours may develop defects during the manufacturing and assembly process. We may also experience difficulties in customizing our tools to meet customer specifications or
 detecting defects during the development and manufacturing of our tools. Some of these failures may not be discovered until we have expended significant resources in customizing our tools, or until our tools have been installed in our
 customers production facilities. These quality problems could harm our reputation as well as our customer relationships in the following ways:

our customers may delay or reject acceptance of our tools that contain defects or fail to meet their specifications;

we may suffer customer dissatisfaction, negative publicity and reputational damage, resulting in reduced orders or otherwise damaging our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers;

we may incur substantial costs as a result of warranty claims or service obligations or in order to enhance the reliability of our tools;

the attention of our technical and management resources may be diverted;

we may be required to replace defective systems or invest significant capital to resolve these problems; and

we may be required to write off inventory and other assets related to our tools.

In addition, defects in our tools or our inability to meet the needs of our customers could cause damage to our customers products or manufacturing facilities, which could result in claims for
 product liability, tort or breach of warranty, including claims from our customers. The cost of defending such a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, could be substantial and could divert management s attention from our ongoing operations. In
 addition, if our business liability insurance coverage proves inadequate with respect to a claim or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, we may be liable for payment of substantial damages. Any or all of these potential
 consequences could have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.

Warranty claims in excess of our estimates could adversely affect our business.

We have provided warranties against manufacturing defects of our tools that range from 12 to 36 months in duration. Our product warranty requires us to provide labor and parts necessary to repair
 defects. As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued 8.8 million in liability contingency for potential warranty claims. Warranty claims substantially in excess of our expectations, or significant unexpected costs associated with warranty claims,
 could harm our reputation and could cause customers to decline to place new or additional orders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We rely on third parties to manufacture significant portions of our tools and our failure to manage our relationships with these parties could harm our
 relationships with our customers, increase our costs, decrease our sales and limit our growth.

Our tools are complex and require components and subassemblies having a high degree of reliability, accuracy and performance. We rely on third parties to manufacture most of the subassemblies and
 supply most of the components used in our tools. Accordingly, we cannot directly control our delivery schedules and quality assurance. This reliance on third parties and lack of control could result in shortages or quality assurance problems.
 In addition, supply chain constraints have intensified due to a variety of factors, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the June 2022 truck driver strike in South Korea, where certain of our operations and customers are located. See
 also Our supply chain may be materially adversely impacted due to global events, including continuing COVID-19 outbreaks, transportation delays and the armed conflict in Ukraine. These issues and our
 ability to manage increased demand could delay shipments of our tools, increase our testing or production costs or lead to costly failure claims.

37 

Table of Contents 

We do not have long-term supply contracts with some of our suppliers, and those suppliers are not obligated to perform services or supply products to us for any specific period, in any specific
 quantities or at any specific price, except as may be provided in a particular purchase order. In addition, we attempt to maintain relatively low inventories and acquire subassemblies and components only as needed. There are significant risks
 associated with our reliance on these third-party suppliers, including:

potential price increases;

capacity shortages or other inability to meet any increase in demand for our products;

reduced control over manufacturing process for components and subassemblies and delivery schedules;

limited ability of some suppliers to manufacture and sell subassemblies or parts in the volumes we require and at acceptable quality levels and prices, due to the suppliers relatively small operations and
 limited manufacturing resources;

increased exposure to potential misappropriation of our intellectual property; and

limited warranties on subassemblies and components supplied to us.

Any delays in the shipment of our products due to our reliance on third-party suppliers could harm our relationships with our customers. In addition, any increase in costs due to our suppliers
 increasing the price they charge us for subassemblies and components or arising from our need to replace our current suppliers that we are unable to pass on to our customers could negatively affect our operating results.

Our supply chain may be materially adversely impacted due to global events, including continuing COVID 19 outbreaks, transportation delays and the armed
 conflict in Ukraine.

We rely upon the facilities of our global suppliers with operations in the PRC, Japan, Taiwan and the United States to support our business. We source the substantial majority of our components
 from Asia, and as a result, our supply chain can be adversely affected by a variety of global events, including COVID-19 restrictions (see Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic Substantially all of our operations, as well as significant
 operations of a number of our key customers, are located in areas of the PRC impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and our operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the effects of PRC restrictions imposed as the result of
 COVID-19 ), transportation delays, including those related to the June 2022 truck driver strike in South Korea resulting from escalated fuel prices, and the armed conflict in Ukraine. As a result of these types of global events and resulting
 governmental and business reactions, our suppliers may not have the materials, capacity, or capability to supply our components according to our schedule and specifications. Further, there may be logistics issues, including our ability and our
 supply chain s ability to quickly ramp up production, labor issues and transportation demands that may cause further delays. Supply chain constraints have intensified due to COVID-19 and may further intensify due to other global events,
 contributing to existing global shortages coupled with increased demand in the supply of semiconductors. The unavailability of any component or supplier could result in production delays, underutilized facilities, and loss of access to critical
 raw materials and parts for producing and supporting our tools, and could impact our ongoing capacity expansion and our ability to fulfill our product delivery obligations. If our suppliers operations are curtailed, we may need to seek
 alternate sources of supply, which may be more expensive. Alternate sources may not be available or may result in delays in shipments to us from our supply chain and subsequently to our customers, each of which would affect our results of
 operations. These types of disruptions and governmental restrictions may also result in the inability of our customers to obtain materials necessary for their full production, which could also result in reduced demand for our products. While
 disruptions and governmental restrictions, as well as related general limitations on movement around the world, are expected to be temporary, the duration of the production and supply chain disruption, and related financial impact, cannot be
 estimated at this time. Should the production and distribution closures continue for an extended period of time, the impact on our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Business
 disruptions could also negatively affect the sources and availability of components and materials that are essential to the operation of our business. Moreover, our customers source a range of production equipment, supplies and services from
 other suppliers with operations around the world, and any reduction in supply capacity at those customers factories may reduce or even halt those customers production and result in a decrease in the demand for our products.

38 

Table of Contents 

Any shortage of components or subassemblies could result in delayed delivery of products to us or in increased costs to us, which could harm our business.

The ability of our manufacturers to supply our tools is dependent, in part, upon the availability of certain components and subassemblies. Our manufacturers may experience shortages in the
 availability of such components or subassemblies, which could result in delayed delivery of products to us or in increased costs to us. Any shortage of components or subassemblies or any inability to control costs associated with manufacturing
 could increase the costs for our products or impair our ability to ship orders in a timely cost-efficient manner. As a result, we could experience cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries or a reduction in our prices and margins,
 any of which could harm our financial performance and results of operations.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers, including single source suppliers, for critical components and subassemblies, and our business could be disrupted
 if they are unable to meet our needs.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for components and subassemblies used in our tools. Certain components and subassemblies of our tools have only been purchased from our current suppliers
 to date and changing the source of those components and subassemblies may result in disruptions during the transition process and entail significant delay and expense. We rely on: Product Systems, Inc., or ProSys, as the sole supplier of
 megasonic transducers, a key subassembly used in our single-wafer cleaning equipment; Ninebell Co., Ltd., or Ninebell, as the principal supplier of robotic delivery system subassemblies used in our single-wafer cleaning equipment; and Advanced
 Electric Co. Inc., as a key supplier of valves used in our single-wafer cleaning equipment. An adverse change to our relationship with any of these suppliers would disrupt our production of single-wafer cleaning equipment and could cause
 substantial harm to our business.

With some of these suppliers, we do not have long-term agreements and instead purchase components and subassemblies through a purchase order process. As a result, these suppliers may stop
 supplying us components and subassemblies, limit the allocation of supply and equipment to us due to increased industry demand or significantly increase their prices at any time with little or no advance notice. Our reliance on a limited number
 of suppliers could also result in delivery problems, reduced control over product pricing and quality, and our inability to identify and qualify another supplier in a timely manner.

Moreover, some of our suppliers may experience financial difficulties that could prevent them from supplying us with components or subassemblies used in the design and manufacture of our products.
 In addition, our suppliers, including our sole supplier ProSys, may experience manufacturing delays or shut downs due to circumstances beyond their control, such as labor issues, political unrest or natural disasters. Any supply deficiencies
 could materially and adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and our results of operations. We have in the past and may in the future, experience delays or reductions in supply shipments, which could reduce our revenue and
 profitability. If key components or materials are unavailable, our costs would increase and our revenue would decline.

The success of our business will depend on our ability to manage any future growth.

We have experienced rapid growth in our business recently due, in part, to an expansion of our product offerings and an increase in the number of customers that we serve. For example, our
 headcount grew by 38 in 2022, 62 in 2021, and 50 in 2020. We will seek to continue to expand our operations in the future, including by adding new offices, locations and employees. Managing our growth has placed and could continue to place a
 significant strain on our management, other personnel and our infrastructure. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, develop new products, enhance our technological
 capabilities, satisfy customer requirements, respond to competitive pressures or otherwise execute our business plan. In addition, any inability to manage our growth effectively could result in operating inefficiencies that could impair our
 competitive position and increase our costs disproportionately to the amount of growth we achieve. To manage our growth, we believe we must effectively:

hire, train, integrate and manage additional qualified engineers for research and development activities, sales and marketing personnel, service and support personnel and financial and information technology
 personnel;

manage multiple relationships with our customers, suppliers and other third parties; and

continue to enhance our information technology infrastructure, systems and controls.

39 

Table of Contents 

Our organizational structure has become more complex, including as a result of the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO. We will need to continue to scale and adapt our operational, financial and
 management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures, at both ACM Research and ACM Shanghai. The continued expansion of our infrastructure will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and management resources
 before our revenue increases and without any assurances that our revenue will increase.

We are highly dependent on our Chief Executive Officer and President and other senior management and key employees.

Our success largely depends on the skills, experience and continued efforts of our management, technical and sales personnel, including in particular Dr. David H. Wang, the Chair of the Board,
 Chief Executive Officer and President of ACM Research. All of our senior management are at-will employees, which means either we or the employee may terminate their employment at any time. If one or more of our other senior management personnel
 were unable or unwilling to continue their employment with us, we may not be able to replace them in a timely manner. Moreover, in connection with the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO, ACM Shanghai is now managed by a group of officers separate
 from those of ACM Research and those officers owe fiduciary duties to the various stakeholders of ACM Shanghai. We do not have employment or retention agreements with, or maintain key person life insurance policies on, any of our employees. Our
 business may be severely disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our senior management may join a competitor or form a competing company. The loss of Dr. Wang or
 other key management personnel, including our Chief Financial Officer, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives.

Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could put us at a competitive disadvantage and prevent us from effectively growing our business.

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. There is substantial competition for experienced management, technical and sales
 personnel in the chip equipment industry. If qualified personnel become scarce or difficult to attract or retain for compensation-related or other reasons, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs. New hires may require
 significant training and time before they achieve full productivity and may not become as productive as we expect. If we are unable to retain and motivate our existing employees and attract qualified personnel to fill key positions, we may
 experience inadequate levels of staffing to develop and market our products and perform services for our customers, which could have a negative effect on our operating results.

Our ability to utilize certain U.S. and state net operating loss carryforwards may be limited under applicable tax laws.

As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforward amounts, or NOLs, of 4.4 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 0.5 million for U.S. state income tax purposes. As of
 December 31, 2021, we had NOLs of 56.1 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 0.5 million for U.S. state income tax purposes. The federal and state NOLs will expire at various dates in the future.

Utilization of these NOLs could be subject to a substantial annual limitation if the ownership change limitations under U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383 and similar U.S. state
 provisions are triggered by changes in the ownership of our capital stock. Such an annual limitation would result in the expiration of the NOLs before utilization. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership
 changes, including in connection with our initial public offering and concurrent private placement in November 2017, our follow-on public offering in August 2019, and any future equity issuances. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of
 which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change. Regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, may cause our existing NOLs to expire or otherwise become unavailable to offset
 future income tax liabilities. Additionally, U.S. state NOLs generated in one state cannot be used to offset income generated in another U.S. state. For these reasons, we may be limited in our ability to realize tax benefits from the use of our
 NOLs, even if our profitability would otherwise allow for it.

40 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions that we pursue in the future, whether or not consummated, could result in other operating and financial difficulties.

In the future we may seek to acquire additional product lines, technologies or businesses in an effort to increase our growth, enhance our ability to compete, complement our product offerings,
 enter new and adjacent markets, obtain access to additional technical resources, enhance our intellectual property rights or pursue other competitive opportunities. We may also make investments in certain key suppliers to align our interests
 with such suppliers. If we seek acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates at prices we consider appropriate. We cannot readily predict the timing or size of our future acquisitions, or the success of any
 future acquisitions.

To the extent that we consummate acquisitions or investments, we may face financial risks as a result, including increased costs associated with merged or acquired operations, increased
 indebtedness, economic dilution to gross and operating profit and earnings per share, or unanticipated costs and liabilities. Acquisitions may involve additional risks, including:

the acquired product lines, technologies or businesses may not improve our financial and strategic position as planned;

we may determine we have overpaid for the product lines, technologies or businesses, or that the economic conditions underlying our acquisition have changed;

we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company;

we may have difficulty retaining the employees with the technical skills needed to enhance and provide services with respect to the acquired product lines or technologies;

the acquisition may be viewed negatively by customers, employees, suppliers, financial markets or investors;

we may have difficulty incorporating the acquired product lines or technologies with our existing technologies;

we may encounter a competitive response, including price competition or intellectual property litigation;

we may encounter difficulties related to required CFIUS approval (see also -Regulatory Risks-Certain of our investments may be subject to review by and approval from CFIUS, which may prevent us from taking
 advantage of investment opportunities that would otherwise be advantageous to our stockholders 

we may become a party to product liability or intellectual property infringement claims as a result of our sale of the acquired company s products;

we may incur one-time write-offs, such as acquired in-process research and development costs, and restructuring charges;

we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to impairment tests, which could result in future impairment charges;

our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises; and

our due diligence process may fail to identify significant existing issues with the target business.

From time to time, we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. These negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time,
 as well as substantial out-of-pocket costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Future declines in the semiconductor industry, and the overall world economic conditions on which the industry is significantly dependent, could have a
 material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of chip manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. With the consolidation
 of customers within the industry, the chip capital equipment market may experience rapid changes in demand driven both by changes in the market generally and the plans and requirements of particular customers. Global economic and business
 conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty our
 customers budgets for our tools, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, economic downturns could cause material
 adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition including:

41 

Table of Contents 

a decline in demand for our products;

an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers inability to pay us;

an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory;

valuation allowances on deferred tax assets;

restructuring charges;

asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets;

a decline in the value of our investments;

exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition;

a decline in the value of certain facilities we lease to less than our residual value guarantee with the lessor; and

challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply.

Fluctuating levels of investment by chip manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenue, operating results and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to
 these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which could result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in research
 and development and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results.

Regulatory Risks

Our ability to sell our tools to customers in the PRC has been impacted, and will likely continue to be materially and adversely impacted, by export license
 requirements, other regulatory changes, or other actions taken by the U.S. or other governmental agencies.

ACM Shanghai utilizes certain items subject to export controls under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR) in manufacturing and supplying its products. The EAR applies to exports of
 commodities, software and technology from the United States, including for use in manufacturing products outside the United States, as well as to certain products manufactured outside the United States that incorporate, or are based on,
 designated U.S. content, software or technology. The Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce (BIS), which administers the EAR, recently imposed, and may continue to impose, additional restrictions under the EAR on
 certain exports to the PRC, including restrictions targeting the semiconductor manufacturing industry in the PRC. Many of these restrictions were imposed through licensing requirements with a presumption of denial. These types of restrictions
 may impact the operations of ACM Shanghai.

As part of the new regulations, BIS imposed a series of restrictions on exports of designated products and exports for specified end uses and end users in connection with the supercomputer,
 artificial intelligence, integrated circuit (IC) and semiconductor manufacturing sectors in the PRC. These new restrictions have impacted the procurement by ACM Shanghai of certain items from the U.S. for use in manufacturing its products and,
 depending on the details of the final implementation of these new restrictions and associated licensing policies, will likely continue to limit to an undetermined extent ACM Shanghai s ability to supply its products to certain end users and for
 certain end uses in the PRC.

Alongside these new restrictions, BIS has also continued to designate additional PRC entities, many involved in the semiconductor manufacturing industry, on restricted party lists under the EAR,
 such as the Entity List and the Unverified List. These designations impose licensing requirements for the supply of products to such entities. In most cases, any items subject to the EAR, including foreign produced products with specified U.S.
 content, now require an export license from BIS before they can be supplied to the newly listed PRC entities, regardless of their export classification. In December 2020, SMIC, one of the largest chip manufacturers in the PRC and one of our key
 customers, was one of numerous entities added to the Entity List. Challenges faced by SMIC and its key suppliers as a result of the listing have indirectly impacted SMIC s demand for, and ACM Shanghai s ability to supply, ACM Shanghai
 products. More recently, in October 2022, YMTC, a leading PRC memory chip company and one of our key customers, was added to the Unverified List of the EAR alongside a number of other Chinese entities. The Unverified List identifies parties for
 whom BIS has been unable to confirm their bona fides (i.e., legitimacy and reliability about the end-use and end-user of items subject to the EAR). Entities listed on the Unverified List are ineligible to receive items subject to the EAR by
 means of a license exception if a U.S. export license is required. In December 2022, YMTC was moved from the Unverified List to the Entity List. Challenges faced by YMTC and its key suppliers as a result of the listing could indirectly impact
 YMTC s demand for, or ACM Shanghai s ability to supply, ACM Shanghai products.

42 

Table of Contents 

Also in October 2022, BIS announced new rules that significantly expanded U.S. export controls as applied to advanced IC products, related manufacturing equipment and technology, and
 supercomputers, where the destination or ultimate end user is based in the PRC. In the case of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, the new rules require an export license for the export, re-export, or transfer to or within the PRC of
 additional types of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, items for use in manufacturing designated types of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and semiconductor manufacturing equipment for use at certain IC manufacturing and development
 facilities in the PRC. License applications for these exports are reviewed under a presumption of denial. In addition, BIS imposed new restrictions by which U.S. persons anywhere in the world are effectively barred from engaging in certain
 activities related to the development and production of semiconductors at PRC fabrication facilities meeting specified criteria, even if no items subject to the EAR are involved.

ACM Shanghai has determined that several of its customers have PRC-based facilities that meet the restricted criteria, and has also determined that several of its products may meet the parameters
 of export control classification numbers, or ECCNs, affected by the restrictions. Accordingly, depending on the details of the final implementation of these new restrictions and associated licensing policies, ACM may not be able to import, or
 may face substantial restrictions in importing, parts from the United States to support tool shipments to such facilities, or to be embedded into tools defined by affected ECCNs. ACM and ACM Shanghai have implemented modifications to their
 existing business policies and practices in response to the new restrictions, including by imposing limitations on the activities of their U.S. persons and their supply chains more broadly to comply with the new regulations.

We believe that as a result of the new restrictions, several ACM Shanghai customers have significantly reduced production and related capital spending at facilities meeting the restricted advanced
 node capabilities. In addition, ACM Shanghai has experienced challenges as the companies in its supply chain adapt their policies to the new regulations. These factors had an adverse impact on ACM Shanghai s shipments and sales in the three
 months ended December 31, 2022. We anticipate these factors will continue to have an adverse impact on ACM Shanghai s shipments and sales in future periods.

We cannot be certain what additional actions the U.S. government may take with respect to PRC entities, or whether such actions will impact our relationships with our PRC-based customers.
 Additional actions could take the form of further revisions to the Entity List or Unverified List, new export restrictions, additional tariffs or other trade restrictions. It is also possible that other countries could adopt similar
 semiconductor-focused export controls to align with the October 2022 U.S. actions. Press reports indicate that two countries involved in ACM Shanghai s current supply chain, Japan and the Netherlands, are currently considering similar measures.
 The introduction of multilateral semiconductor-focused export controls could further negatively impact ACM Shanghai s supply chain from potentially affected countries and, indirectly, the ability of our customers in the PRC to scale their
 production. We are unable to predict the duration of the restrictions imposed by the U.S. government or the effects of any future governmental actions by the U.S. or other countries that may impact our relationships with our PRC-based
 customers, any of which could have a long-term adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Changes in government trade policies could limit the demand for our tools and increase the cost of our tools.

General trade tensions between the United States and the PRC escalated beginning in 2018. In each of July, August and September 2018, June and September 2019, and February 2020, the U.S.
 government imposed a round of new or higher tariffs on specified imported products originating from the PRC in response to what the U.S. government characterized as unfair trade practices. The PRC government responded to each of these rounds of
 U.S. tariff changes by imposing new or higher tariffs on specified products imported from the United States. Higher tariffs and additional rounds of tariffs have been suggested or threatened by U.S. and PRC officials.

43 

Table of Contents 

The imposition of heightened tariffs on imports by both the U.S. and PRC governments and the surrounding economic uncertainty may negatively impact the semiconductor industry, including by
 reducing the demand of fabricators for capital equipment such as our tools. Further changes in trade policy, including by tariffs, additional taxes, restrictions on exports or other trade barriers, or restrictions on supplies, equipment, and
 raw materials including rare earth minerals, may limit the ability of our customers to manufacture or sell semiconductors or to make the manufacture or sale of semiconductors more expensive and less profitable, which could lead those customers
 to fabricate fewer semiconductors and to invest less in capital equipment such as our tools. In addition, if the PRC were to impose additional tariffs on raw materials, subsystems or other supplies that we source from the United States, our
 cost for those supplies would increase. As a result of any of the foregoing events, the imposition of new or additional tariffs may limit our ability to manufacture tools, increase our selling and/or manufacturing costs, decrease margins, or
 inhibit our ability to sell tools or to purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
 operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.

Substantially all of our operations are conducted in the PRC, and a substantial majority of our revenue is sourced from the PRC. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations are
 affected to a significant extent by economic, political and legal developments in the PRC.

The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the extent of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, and control of
 foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of
 improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in the PRC are still owned by the government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry
 development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over economic growth in the PRC by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary
 policy, regulating financial services and institutions, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies.

While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has
 implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and results of
 operation could be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In the past the PRC government has implemented measures to control the pace of economic
 growth, and similar measures in the future may cause decreased economic activity, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our products and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and
 results of operations.

Although the PRC government has been implementing policies to develop an independent domestic semiconductor industry supply chain, there is no guaranteed time frame in which these initiatives will
 be implemented. We cannot guarantee that the implementation of these policies will result in additional revenue to us or that our presence in the PRC will result in support from the PRC government. To the extent that any capital investment or
 other assistance from the PRC government is not provided to us, it could be used to promote the products and technologies of our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Changes in political and economic policies with respect to the PRC may make it difficult for us to release the benefit of our investments.

On November 12, 2020, then-U.S. President Trump issued an executive order, or the Order, establishing a new sanctions program designed to prohibit U.S. persons from entering into transactions in
 certain publicly traded securities, as well as derivatives and securities designed to provide investment exposure to such securities, of any Communist Chinese military company, or CCMC, as designated by the U.S. Department of Defense, or DOD,
 or the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. Continued ownership of such securities by U.S. persons would be prohibited after a one-year divestment period from the time of designation of the issuer. A number of PRC issuers have been designated under
 this program and more could be added.

44 

Table of Contents 

On December 3, 2020, SMIC was designated as a CCMC by the DOD, which was subsequently removed as of June 3, 2021. If SMIC had remained on the list at December 3, 2021, ACM Shanghai s continued
 possession of SMIC securities could have subjected ACM Shanghai and ACM Research to penalties. Certain implementation matters related to the scope of, and compliance with, the Order have not yet been resolved, and the ultimate application and
 enforcement of the Order may change due to, among other things, the change in the U.S. Presidential administration.

In addition, SMIC may be designated as a CCMC in the future, or we may seek to conduct business transactions with entities on the CCMC list in the future. Although the Order does not prohibit
 commercial relations with CCMC companies other than the securities transactions noted above, certain other export restrictions have been imposed under the Export Administration Regulations on some CCMC companies. These and any similar future
 U.S. government restrictions on our suppliers or customers may adversely affect our business operations in the PRC, overall company results or our financial condition.

The PRC s currency exchange control and government restrictions on investment repatriation may impact our ability to transfer funds outside of the PRC, which
 could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business, otherwise fund and conduct our business, or pay dividends on our common stock.

We generate substantially all of our revenue through ACM Shanghai, our PRC subsidiary. PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by ACM Shanghai only out of its retained
 earnings, which are determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations that differ from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The PRC regulations and ACM Shanghai s articles of association require annual
 appropriations of 10 of net after-tax profits to be set aside, prior to payment of dividends, as a reserve or surplus fund, which restricts ACM Shanghai s ability to transfer a portion of its net assets to us. Such reserved funds can only be
 used for specific purposes and are not transferable to ACM in the form of loans, advances or cash dividends.

As a result of these and other restrictions under PRC laws and regulations as well as restrictions under ACM Shanghai s bank loan agreements, we may be significantly restricted in our ability to
 transfer a portion of ACM Shanghai s net assets to ACM or other subsidiaries of ACM. We have no assurance that PRC governmental authorities in the future will not limit further or eliminate the ability of ACM Shanghai to purchase foreign
 currencies and transfer such funds to ACM to meet its liquidity or other business needs. Any inability to access funds in the PRC, if and when needed for use outside of the PRC, could have a material and adverse effect on our liquidity and our
 business.

Certain of our investments may be subject to review by and approval from CFIUS, which may prevent us from taking advantage of investment opportunities that
 would otherwise be advantageous to our stockholders.

Certain of our investments may be subject to review by and approval from the U.S. Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S., or CFIUS. In the event that CFIUS reviews one or more of our
 investments, there can be no assurances that we will be able to maintain or proceed with such investments on terms acceptable to us. Additionally, CFIUS may seek to impose limitations on one or more such investments that may prevent us from
 maintaining or pursuing investment opportunities that we otherwise would have maintained or pursued, which could adversely affect the performance of our investments and thus our overall performance. Certain of our stockholders may be non-U.S.
 investors, and in the aggregate, may comprise a substantial portion of our net asset value, which may increase the risks of such limitations being imposed in connection with investments pursued or made by us. Legislative and regulatory changes,
 including changes to agency practice, in the future may negatively impact our ability to realize value from certain existing and future investments, including by limiting exit opportunities or causing us to favor buyers that we believe are less
 likely to require CFIUS review, even in circumstances where other buyers may offer better terms or more consideration.

45 

Table of Contents 

The U.S. Government is reportedly considering an outbound investment review mechanism, which may prevent us from taking advantage of investment opportunities
 outside the United States that could otherwise be advantageous to our stockholders.

The U.S. Government is reportedly considering imposing an outbound investment review mechanism similar to CFIUS that would review foreign investments made from the United States. It is not yet
 clear what form the mechanism would take, but reports suggest it could come quickly in the form of an Executive Order, or could be passed as part of legislation from Congress. In the event that such a review mechanism is implemented, it is
 possible that certain of our investments may require review or notification to the U.S. Government, and could be subject to mitigation or other restrictions. If implemented, similar to CFIUS reviews, there can be no assurances that we will be
 able to maintain or proceed with investments on terms acceptable to us. Such a mechanism could negatively impact our ability to realize value from certain existing and future investments, including by limiting exit opportunities or causing us
 to favor buyers that we believe are lower risk for the possible outbound investment reviews, even in circumstances where other buyers may offer better terms or more consideration. Furthermore, because the requirements have not yet been
 established, the range or extent of possible effects that could flow from such a measure cannot be determined with any degree of certainty at this time. It is possible that the outbound investment review mechanism could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, and operating results.

We are subject to government regulation, including import, export, economic sanctions, and anti-corruption laws and regulations, that may limit our sales
 opportunities, expose us to liability and increase our costs.

Our products are subject to import and export controls in jurisdictions in which we distribute or sell our products. Import and export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations include
 restrictions and prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products and on our transfer of parts, components, and related technical information and know-how to certain countries, regions, governments, persons and entities.

Various countries regulate the importation of certain products through import permitting and licensing requirements and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products.
 The exportation, re-exportation, transfers within foreign countries and importation of our products, including by our partners, must comply with these laws and regulations, and any violations may result in reputational harm, government
 investigations and penalties, or a denial or curtailment of exporting privileges. Complying with export control and sanctions laws for a particular sale may be time consuming, may increase our costs, and may result in the delay or loss of sales
 opportunities. If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export control laws, or similar laws in other jurisdictions, we and the individuals working for us could incur substantial fines and penalties. Changes in export, sanctions
 or import laws or regulations may delay the introduction and sale of our products in international markets, require us to expend resources to seek necessary government authorizations or develop different versions of our products, or, in some
 cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, regions, governments, persons or entities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

We are subject to various domestic and international anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations in
 the United States and other jurisdictions. These laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from offering or making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining, retaining or directing
 business. Our exposure for violating these laws and regulations increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.

Risks Related to Our STAR Listing

We may not achieve the results contemplated by our business strategy and our strategy for growth in the PRC may not result in increases in the price of Class
 A common stock.

We cannot assure you that we will realize any or all of our anticipated benefits of the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO, which may not have the anticipated effects of including the strengthening of
 our market position and operations in the PRC. ACM Shanghai continues to have broad discretion in the use of the proceeds from the initial sales of shares to investors and the proceeds from the STAR IPO, and it may not spend or invest those
 proceeds in a manner that results in our operating success or with which ACM Research stockholders agree. Our failure to successfully leverage the completion of the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO to expand our PRC business could result in a
 decrease in the price of the Class A common stock, and we cannot assure you that the success of ACM Shanghai will have an attendant positive effect on the price of the Class A common stock.

46 

Table of Contents 

PRC companies are critical to the global semiconductor industry, and our current business is substantially concentrated in the PRC market. Our inability to build, or any delay in growing, our
 PRC-based operations would materially and adversely limit our operations and operating results, including our revenue growth.

ACM Shanghai s status as a publicly traded company that is controlled, but less than wholly owned, by ACM Research could have an adverse effect on us.

In November 2021, we completed the STAR Listing and STAR IPO with respect to shares of ACM Shanghai. ACM Shanghai is our principal operating company and, prior to the STAR Listing process, was a
 wholly owned subsidiary of ACM Research. As the result of actions taken in connection with the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO, ACM Shanghai is no longer a wholly owned subsidiary of ACM Research, and the interests of ACM Shanghai may diverge
 from the interests of ACM Research and its other subsidiaries in the future. We may face conflicts of interest in managing, financing or engaging in transactions with ACM Shanghai, or allocating business opportunities between our subsidiaries,
 including future arrangements for operating subsidiaries other than ACM Shanghai to license and use our intellectual property. Substantially all of our intellectual property has been developed in the PRC and is owned by ACM Shanghai. As we
 expand our global operations through operating subsidiaries outside of the PRC, those operating subsidiaries may need to license intellectual property from ACM Shanghai in order to operate, and there can be no assurance that conflicts of
 interest will not preclude those operating subsidiaries from licensing the required intellectual property from ACM Shanghai on reasonable terms or at all.

ACM Research retains majority ownership of ACM Shanghai since the STAR IPO, but ACM Shanghai is managed by a separate board of directors and officers and those directors and officers will owe
 fiduciary duties to the various stakeholders of ACM Shanghai, including shareholders other than ACM Research. In the operation of ACM Shanghai s business, there may be situations that arise whereby the directors and officers of ACM Shanghai, in
 the exercise of their fiduciary duties, take actions that may be contrary to the best interests of ACM Research.

In the future, ACM Shanghai may issue options, restricted shares and other forms of share-based compensation to its directors, officers and employees, which could dilute ACM Research s ownership
 in ACM Shanghai. In addition, ACM Shanghai may engage in capital raising activities in the future that could further dilute ACM Research s ownership interest.

ACM Research and ACM Shanghai both are public reporting companies but each is subject to separate, and potentially inconsistent, accounting and disclosure
 requirements, which may lead to investor confusion or uncertainty that could cause decreased demand for, or fluctuations in the price of, one or both of the companies publicly traded shares.

Since ACM Shanghai completed the STAR Listing and the STAR IPO in November 2021, it has been subject to accounting, disclosure and other regulatory requirements of the STAR Market. At the same
 time, ACM Research remains subject to accounting, disclosure and other regulatory requirements of the SEC and the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq. As a result, ACM Research and ACM Shanghai periodically will disclose information simultaneously
 pursuant to differing laws and regulations. Even though substantially all of the operations of ACM Research are currently conducted through ACM Shanghai, the information disclosed by the two companies will differ, and may differ materially from
 time to time, due to the distinct, and potentially inconsistent, accounting standards applicable to the two companies and disclosure requirements imposed by securities regulatory authorities, as well as differences in language, culture and
 expression habit, in composition of investors in the United States and PRC, and in the capital markets of the United States and the PRC.

47 

Table of Contents 

Differing disclosures could lead to confusion or uncertainty among investors in the publicly traded shares of one or both companies. Differences between the price of ACM Shanghai shares on the
 STAR Market and the price of ACM Research Class A common stock on Nasdaq could lead to increased volatility, as some investors seek to arbitrage price differences. Moreover, such volatility could be exacerbated by the fact that ACM Shanghai
 shares currently represent substantially all of the assets of ACM Research.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Security

Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property, including our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and other technologies.

Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and trade secret protection for our intellectual property, including our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace and
 other technologies and the design of our Ultra C equipment, as well as our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that our patent applications will result in additional patents
 being issued or that issued patents will afford sufficient protection against competitors with similar technology, nor can there be any assurance that the patents issued will not be infringed, designed around, or invalidated by third parties.
 Even issued patents may later be found unenforceable or may be modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. The degree of future protection for our intellectual property is
 uncertain. Only limited protection may be available and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. This failure to properly protect the intellectual property rights relating to our products and
 technologies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any of our future development partners will be successful in protecting our
 product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following:

The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent process.
 There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might
 be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case.

Patent applications may not result in any patents being issued.

Patents that may be issued may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage.

Our competitors may seek or may have already obtained patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use and sell our potential product candidates.

The PRC and other countries other than the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors a better opportunity to create, develop
 and market competing product candidates.

In addition, we rely on the protection of our trade secrets and know-how. Although we have taken steps to protect our trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering into confidentiality
 and non-disclosure agreements with third parties and confidential information and inventions agreements with key employees, customers and suppliers, other parties may still obtain this information or may come upon this information
 independently. If any of these events occurs or if we otherwise lose protection for our trade secrets or proprietary know-how, the value of this information may be greatly reduced.

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe upon our patents. If our technologies are adopted, we believe that competitors may try to match our technologies and tools in order to compete. To counter infringement or
 unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings, including our current suits, could put one or more of our patents at risk
 of being invalidated, found to be unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property
 litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. In addition, any future patent litigation, interference or other administrative proceedings will result in additional
 expense and distraction of our personnel. Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater resources, and they therefore are likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation longer than we could.
 An adverse outcome in such litigation or proceedings may expose us to loss of our proprietary position.

48 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, including the PRC, which could materially, negatively affect our
 business.

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products or proprietary technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights
 in some countries outside the United States, including the PRC, can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and
 state laws in the United States. Consequently, competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we
 have patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from
 competing.

The significant majority of our intellectual property has been developed in the PRC and is owned by ACM Shanghai. Implementation and enforcement of intellectual property-related laws in the PRC
 has historically been lacking due primarily to ambiguities in PRC intellectual property law. Accordingly, protection of intellectual property and proprietary rights in the PRC may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries.
 As a result, third parties could illegally use the technologies and proprietary processes that we have developed and compete with us, which could negatively affect any competitive advantage we enjoy, dilute our brand and harm our operating
 results. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, and given the relative unpredictability of the PRC s legal system and potential difficulties enforcing a court judgment in the PRC, there is no guarantee
 litigation would result in an outcome favorable to us.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain
 developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our
 proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being
 invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded,
 if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or
 license and may adversely affect our business.

If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome in that
 litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our success depends on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products without infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign-issued patents
 and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing products, some of which may contain claims that overlap with the subject matter of our intellectual property. A third party has claimed in the
 past, and others may claim in the future, that our technology or products infringe their intellectual property. In some instances third parties may initiate litigation against us in an effort to prevent us from using our technology in alleged
 violation of their intellectual property rights. The risk of such a lawsuit will likely increase as our size and the number and scope of our products increase and as our geographic presence and market share expand.

Any potential intellectual property claims or litigation commenced against us could:

be time consuming and expensive to defend, whether or not meritorious;

49 

Table of Contents 

force us to stop selling products or using technology that allegedly infringes the third party s intellectual property rights;

delay shipments of our products;

require us to pay damages or settlement fees to the party claiming infringement;

require us to attempt to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all;

force us to attempt to redesign products that contain the allegedly infringing technology, which could be expensive or which we may be unable to do;

require us to indemnify our customers, suppliers or other third parties for any loss caused by their use of our technology that allegedly infringes the third party s intellectual property rights; or

divert the attention of our technical and managerial resources.

Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, that may later result in issued patents upon which our products or
 technologies may infringe. Similarly, there may be issued patents relevant to our products of which we are not aware.

Breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products to our customers, result in data
 losses and the theft of our intellectual property, damage our reputation, and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security of our networks and data.

We increasingly depend upon our information technology systems to conduct our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development and manufacturing activities to our
 marketing and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Computer programmers may attempt to penetrate our network security, or that of our website, and misappropriate our proprietary information or cause
 interruptions of our service. Because the techniques used by such computer programmers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques.
 We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third-party contractors, including our manufacturers, and our business operations also depend, in part, on the success of our contractors own cybersecurity measures. Additionally,
 we face potential heightened cybersecurity risks during the COVID-19 pandemic as our level of dependence on our IT networks and related systems increases, stemming from employees working remotely, and the number of malware campaigns and
 phishing attacks preying on the uncertainties surrounding the COVID 19 pandemic increases. These heightened cybersecurity risks may increase our vulnerability to cyber-attacks and cause disruptions to our internal control procedures.
 Accordingly, if our cybersecurity systems and those of our contractors fail to protect against unauthorized access, sophisticated cyberattacks and the mishandling of data by our employees and contractors, our ability to conduct our business
 effectively could be damaged in a number of ways, including sensitive data regarding our employees or business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data, could be stolen. Should this occur, we could be subject to significant
 claims for liability from our customers and regulatory actions from governmental agencies. In addition, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could be compromised and our reputation and competitive position could be
 significantly harmed. Consequently, our financial performance and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Risks Related to the COVID 19 Pandemic

The outbreak of COVID 19, the coronavirus, continues both in the United States and globally, and related government and private sector responsive actions are adversely
 affecting our business operations.

We have set forth below key risks from the COVID 19 pandemic that we have identified or experienced to date. The situation continues to evolve, however, and it is impossible to
 predict the effect and ongoing impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on our business operations and results. While the quarantine, social distancing and other regulatory measures instituted or recommended in response to COVID 19 were expected to be
 temporary, such measures have remained in effect, and have changed, over the last year, and the duration of the business disruptions, and related financial impact, cannot be estimated at this time. The COVID 19 pandemic could ultimately reduce
 demand for our products and our customers chips and have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.

50 

Table of Contents 

Substantially all of our operations, as well as significant operations of a number of our key customers, are located in areas of the PRC impacted by the
 COVID 19 pandemic, and our operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the effects of PRC restrictions imposed as the result of COVID 19.

We conduct substantially all of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC, and those activities have been directly impacted by COVID-19 and related restrictions on
 transportation and public appearances. In March 2022 several regions in China began to experience elevated levels of COVID-19 infections, and the PRC government instituted policies to restrict the spread of the virus, which are referred to as
 zero-COVID policies. The policies began with an increase of spot quarantines, under which a positive polymerase chain reaction, or PCR, or other tests would result in the quarantining of individual buildings, groups of buildings, or even full
 neighborhoods. The policies were later expanded to full-city restrictions, including in the City of Shanghai, where substantially all of our operations are located. COVID-19 related restrictions in Shanghai began to limit employee access to,
 and logistics activities of, our offices and production facilities in the Pudong district of Shanghai during in the first quarter of 2022, and therefore limited our ability to ship finished products to customers and to produce new products.
 Spot quarantines in mid-March 2022 began to impact a number of our employees and led to a closure of our administrative and R D offices in Zhangjiang in the Pudong district. A subsequent restriction that encompassed the entire Pudong region
 of Shanghai was imposed in late March 2022 and impacted the operation of our Chuansha production facility.

In addition, in December 2022, the PRC government relaxed its zero-COVID policies, which resulted in large scale COVID-19 infections throughout China, including Shanghai. A significant number of
 ACM Shanghai employees were also infected, and in many cases missed work for one or several weeks, which caused administrative and operational challenges in late 2022 and early 2023. We cannot assure you that illnesses of ACM Shanghai
 employees, or of its customers, suppliers or other third parties, may not result in closures, reductions of PRC operations or production, or additional administrative inefficiencies in the upcoming months or quarters.

As the result of COVID-19 related restrictions in Shanghai, ACM Research s indirect subsidiary ACM Shengwei may be unable to achieve certain performance
 milestones required by its Grant Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right in Shanghai City, and our liquidity, financial position and business would be adversely affected if ACM Shengwei is subject to penalties or loses its rights
 to the use of the granted land and any partially completed facilities on the land.

In 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into a Grant Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right in Shanghai City (Category of R D Headquarters
 and Industrial Projects), or the Grant Agreement, with the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Lin-gang Special Area Administration, or the Grantor, in connection with ACM Shengwei s obtaining of rights to use approximately 43,000 square
 meters (10.6 acres) of land in the Lingang Heavy Equipment Industrial Zone of Lin-gang Special Area of China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, or the Land Use Right, for a period of fifty years, commencing on the date of delivery of the land in
 July 2020, or the Delivery Date.

In connection with the Land Use Right, ACM Shengwei paid a performance deposit of RMB 12.3 million 1.9 million) to secure its achievement of certain milestones, consisting of: (a) the start of
 construction within 6 months after the Delivery Date (60 of the performance deposit) (b) the completion of construction within 30 months after the Delivery Date (20 of the performance deposit), or Construction Completion Milestone and (c)
 the start of production within 42 months after the Delivery Date (20 of the performance deposit), or Production Start Milestone. If the achievement of the Construction Completion Milestone or the Production Start Milestone is delayed or
 abandoned, ACM Shengwei may be subject to penalties and may lose its rights to both the use of the granted land and any partially completed facilities on that land.

As a result of COVID-19 related restrictions, ACM Shengwei has experienced delays and did not meet the Construction Completion Milestone. In December 2022, prior to the Construction Completion
 Milestone, ACM Shengwei successfully filed and received a six-month extension with respect to both the Construction Completion Milestone and the Production Start Milestone, which extended such milestones to July 9, 2023 and July 9, 2024,
 respectively. ACM Shengwei expects to receive a new grant agreement, Version 3.0, by the end of March 2023. There is no guarantee that ACM Shengwei will be able to meet the agreed to timeline, in which the portion of the performance deposit
 related to achieving the Construction Completion Milestone or the performance deposit related to achieving the Production Start Milestone may be subject to forfeiture. Additionally, if achievement of the Construction Completion Milestone is
 delayed for more than one year, the Grantor is entitled to terminate the Grant Agreement and take back the Land Use Right, in exchange for a refund of the grant fees for the remaining land use term after deducting the deposit agreed under the
 Grant Agreement and refund the deposit related to the Production Start Milestone. We cannot guarantee that the refund of the fees will reflect fair market value of the Land Use Right or that they would cover the expended costs of ACM Shengwei
 with respect to the Grant Agreement and the Land Use Right. Moreover, loss of the deposit, or more significantly, the Land Use Right could significantly negatively impact our liquidity, financial position and business.

51 

Table of Contents 

The COVID 19 pandemic could negatively impact our currently planned projects and investments in the PRC. 

Our strategy includes a number of plans to support the growth of our core business. In November 2021 we completed the STAR Listing and STAR IPO with respect to shares of ACM Shanghai, in May
 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into an agreement for a land use right in the Lingang region of Shanghai, and in July 2020 ACM Shengwei began a multi-year construction project for a new 1,000,000
 square foot development and production center that will incorporate state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and automation technologies, and will provide floor space to support significantly increase production capacity and related research
 and development activities. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts these projects will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the disruptions posed by COVID 19 and related government measures, or
 other matters of global concern, continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate one or both of these planned projects could be materially adversely affected.

In September 2019 ACM Shanghai entered into a partnership agreement for the purposes of engaging in equity venture capital investments in strategic emerging and high-tech industries with a focus
 on the semiconductor industry. We cannot predict the ongoing effect that the COVID 19 pandemic in the PRC will have on companies that would otherwise be desirable investments for the partnership, and the outbreak or related governmental
 actions could significantly impair the ability of the partnership to identify desirable investments or our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the partnership.

Risks Related to Ownership of Class A Common Stock

Our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 that, if not properly remediated, could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements that could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the trading
 price of our stock.

Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide accurate financial information. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 requires us to, among other things, evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. As further discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of Part II of this report, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the
 existence of two material weaknesses in such controls.

In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2022, we identified two
 material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to:

(i) the fact that we did not design and maintain effective risk assessment procedures, and monitoring activities, including insufficient
 identification and assessment of risks impacting the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and insufficient evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal
 control were present and functioning, and

(ii) the fact that we did not design and maintain effective information technology controls related to (a) user access controls to ensure
 appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate personnel, (b) computer operations controls to ensure that critical information is monitored,
 and data backups are authorized and monitored, (c) appropriate controls to evaluate automated controls, and (d) appropriate controls to validate the completeness and accuracy of key reports used within controls across substantially all
 financial statement areas. As of December 31, 2022, we determined that the above mentioned material weaknesses had not been remediated.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
 reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls and procedures and
 remediating the material weaknesses will be a continual effort that may require us to expend significant resources to establish and maintain a system of controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. We
 cannot assure you that the measures we take will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future in order to avoid
 additional material weaknesses or control or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financing reporting. If our remediation efforts are not successful or other material weaknesses or control or significant deficiencies occur
 in the future, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately or on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence and cause the trading
 price of Class A common stock to decline. Moreover, ineffective controls could significantly hinder our ability to prevent fraud. For further information, see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of Part II of this report.

The market price of Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile,
 which could result in substantial losses for investors purchasing our shares. 

The market price of Class A common stock has been, and could continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. The market price of Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly in response
 to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;

actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the
 expectations of investors;

changes in projections for the chips or chip equipment industries or in the operating performance or expectations and stock market valuations of chip companies, chip equipment companies or technology companies
 in general;

changes in operating results;

any changes in the financial projections we may provide to the public, our failure to meet these projections, or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow Class A common stock;

additional shares of Class A common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders or the anticipation of such sales;

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;

lawsuits threatened or filed against us;

litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors;

52 

Table of Contents 

developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and

general economic trends, including changes in the demand for electronics or information technology or geopolitical events such as war or acts of terrorism, or any responses to such events.

In recent years, the stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the
 operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Further, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class
 action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Similar litigation may be instituted against us in the future, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources.

Few if any companies with stock publicly traded in the United States have effected a STAR Market listing of stock of a PRC-based subsidiary, and it is
 therefore difficult to predict the effect of the STAR Listing and STAR IPO on the Class A common stock.

The China Securities Regulatory Commission initially launched the STAR Market in June 2019 and trading on the Market began in July 2019. In November 2021 ACM Shanghai completed the STAR Listing
 and the STAR IPO. We believe we are one of the first publicly traded U.S. companies to complete an initial public offering of shares of a PRC subsidiary on the STAR Market. As a result, no assurance can be given regarding the effect of the STAR
 Listing and the STAR IPO on the market price of the Class A common stock. The market price of Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline, for reasons other than the risk and uncertainties described above, as the result of investor
 negativity or uncertainty with respect to the impact of the STAR Listing and STAR IPO.

ACM Research stockholders were not entitled to purchase ACM Shanghai shares in the pre-STAR Listing placement, and they may have limited opportunities to purchase ACM Shanghai shares now that the
 STAR Listing and the STAR IPO have been completed. Investors may elect to invest in our business and operations by purchasing ACM Shanghai shares on the STAR Market rather than purchasing ACM Research Class A common stock, and that reduction in
 demand could lead to a decrease in the market price for the Class A common stock.

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they publish negative evaluations of Class
 A common stock or the stock of other companies in our industry, the price of our stock and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for Class A common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts
 who cover us downgrade the Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the Class A common stock price would likely decline. In addition, if one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of the Class A
 common stock or fails to publish reports about the Class A common stock on a regular basis, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the Class A common stock price or trading volume to decline.

We have never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation
 in the price of Class A common stock.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare
 or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, you may only receive a return on your investment in Class A common stock if the market price of Class A common stock increases.

Our ability to pay dividends on Class A common stock depends significantly on our receiving distributions of funds from our subsidiaries in the PRC. PRC statutory laws and regulations permit
 payments of dividends by those subsidiaries only out of their retained earnings, which are determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations that differ from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The PRC
 regulations and our subsidiaries articles of association require annual appropriations of 10 of net after-tax profits to be set aside, prior to payment of dividends, as a reserve or surplus fund, which restricts our subsidiaries ability to
 transfer a portion of their net assets to us. In addition, our subsidiaries short-term bank loans restrict their ability to pay dividends to us.

53 

Table of Contents 

The dual class structure of Class A common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our executive officers and directors, including our
 Chief Executive Officer and President, which will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters.

Class B common stock has twenty votes per share and Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of February 22, 2023, stockholders who hold shares of
 Class B common stock, who consist principally of our executive officers, employees, directors and their respective affiliates, collectively held 64 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Because of the twenty-to-one voting ratio
 between Class B and Class A common stock, holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of Class A common stock and therefore be able to control all matters submitted to our
 stockholders for approval so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 4.8 of all outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate
 matters for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring Class A common stock due to the limited voting power of such stock relative to the Class B common stock and might harm the
 market price of Class A common stock.

Because of the market capitalization achieved by Class A common stock during October 2020, our charter no longer contemplates circumstances in which all of the shares of Class B common stock will
 mandatorily convert into Class A common stock. Instead, all of the Class B common stock generally will convert into Class A common stock only upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock,
 and specific shares of Class B common stock will convert into Class A common stock upon future transfers by the holders of those shares. The potential conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time,
 of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term.

Delaware law and provisions in our charter and bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of
 Class A common stock.

Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging
 in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Our charter and bylaws
 contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following:

our dual class common stock structure provides holders of Class B common stock with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a
 majority of the total number of outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock;

when the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock;

amendments to our charter or bylaws will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock;

vacancies on the board of directors will be able to be filled only by the board and not by stockholders;

the board, which currently is not staggered, will be automatically separated into three classes with staggered three-year terms;

directors will only be able to be removed from office for cause; and

our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting and not by written consent;

only our chair, our chief executive officer or a majority of our directors is authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders;

advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;

our charter authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued, without stockholder approval; and

cumulative voting in the election of directors is prohibited.

54 

Table of Contents 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders holding more
 than 15 of our outstanding voting stock from engaging in certain business combinations with us. Any provision of our charter or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity
 for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for Class A common stock.

Our charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our
 stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders.

Our charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for:

any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us, our stockholders, creditors or other constituents by any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders;

any action asserting a claim arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our charter or bylaws, or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the
 State of Delaware; or

any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

By becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our charter related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our
 charter may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.
 Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which
 could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies which could adversely
 affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. These requirements have increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and have made and
 will continue to make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be
 required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as our
 executive officers or on the board of directors, particularly to serve on the audit and compensation committees.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
 procedures quarterly. In particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, requires our management to perform system and process evaluation and testing to allow it to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting.

Investor perceptions of our company may suffer if deficiencies are found, which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock.
 Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our stated operating results and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these
 requirements effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting, or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm. See
 Our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that, if not properly remediated, could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements that could cause investors to
 lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

55 

Table of Contents 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial
 compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may
 evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.
 We invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expense and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to
 compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business
 may be harmed.

Short sellers of our stock may be manipulative and may drive down the market price of our Class A common stock.

Short selling is the practice of selling securities that a seller does not own but rather has borrowed, or intends to borrow, from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities
 at a later date to return to the lender. A short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay
 less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller s interest for the price of the stock to decline, some short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations regarding the
 relevant issuer, its business prospects and similar matters calculated to or which may create negative market momentum, which may permit them to obtain profits for themselves as a result of selling the securities short. The use of the Internet,
 social media, and blogging have allowed short sellers to publicly attack a company s credibility, strategy and veracity by means of so-called research reports that mimic the type of investment analysis performed by legitimate securities
 research analysts. Issuers with limited trading volumes or substantial retail stockholder bases can be particularly susceptible to higher volatility levels, and can be particularly vulnerable to such short attacks.

Short seller publications are not regulated by any governmental or self-regulatory organization or any other official authority in the United States and are not subject to the certification
 requirements imposed by the SEC in Regulation Analyst Certification. Accordingly, the opinions they express may be based on distortions of actual facts or, in some cases, outright fabrications. In light of the limited risks involved in
 publishing such information, and the significant profits that can be made from running successful short attacks, short sellers will likely continue to issue such reports. Short-seller publications may create the appearance or perception of
 wrongdoing, even when they are not substantiated, and may therefore affect the reputation or perception of our company and management.

While we intend to strongly defend our public filings against any such short seller attacks, in many situations we could be constrained, for example, by principles of freedom of speech, applicable
 state law or issues of commercial confidentiality, in the manner in which we are able to proceed against the relevant short seller.

Such short-seller attacks have caused, and may cause in the future, temporary or possibly long term, declines in the market price of Class A common stock and possible litigation initiated against
 us.

General

Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster, war, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events.

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods tsunami, typhoons and volcanic activity, environmental disasters, health
 epidemics, and other events beyond our control such as power loss, telecommunications failures, and uncertainties arising out of armed conflicts or terrorist attacks. The frequency and intensity of severe weather events are reportedly
 increasing throughout the world as part of broader climate changes. Global weather pattern changes may pose long-term risks of physical impacts to our business. A substantial majority of our facilities as well as our research and development
 personnel are located in the PRC. Any catastrophic loss or significant damage to any of our facilities would likely disrupt our operations, delay production, and adversely affect our product development schedules, shipments and revenue. In
 addition, any such catastrophic loss or significant damage could result in significant expense to repair or replace the facility and could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or primary
 market, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and operating results.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

56 

Table of Contents 

Item

2. 

Properties

We have occupied our current corporate headquarters in Fremont, California, since February 2008, under a lease that, after an amendment in February 2021, now extends through March 31, 2023.

We conduct research and development, and service support operations at ACM Shanghai s headquarters located in the Zhangjiang Hi Tech Park in Shanghai. We have leased this facility since 2007 and
 our lease currently extends until December 31, 2024.

In January 2018, ACM Shanghai entered into an operating lease for a second manufacturing space located in Shanghai, ten miles from its headquarters. The lease covers a total of 103,318 square
 feet, of which 100,000 square feet are allocated for production. Our lease currently extends until January 15, 2028.

In February 2021, ACM Shanghai entered into an operating lease for a second building located adjacent to the above-mentioned second manufacturing space to provide additional manufacturing space. 
 The lease covers approximately 106,076 square feet of which 100,000 square feet are allocated for production. Our lease currently extends until July 15, 2024. In July 2022, ACM Shanghai entered into an operating lease for a third building to
 provide additional manufacturing and warehousing space.

In addition, we provide sales support and customer service operations from leased office space in Jiangyin and Wuxi in the PRC and Icheon in South Korea.

In May 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into an agreement for a 50-year land use right in the Lingang region of Shanghai. In July 2020 ACM Shengwei
 began a multi-year construction project for a new development and production center, with the objective of commencing production at the new facility in 2023. The planned 1,000,000 square foot facility will incorporate state-of-the-art
 manufacturing systems and automation technologies and will provide the floor space to support significantly more production capacity and related research and development activities when fully staffed and supplied.

In connection with the Lingang facility project, on October 28, 2020, a wholly owned subsidiary of ACM Shengwei entered into Shanghai Public Rental Housing Overall Pre-Sale Contracts with Shanghai
 Lingang Industrial Zone Public Rental Housing Construction and Operation Management Co., Ltd. for an aggregate price to us of approximately 40 million. ACM Shengwei s subsidiary received ownership of the apartment units and corresponding land
 use rights in January 2022 as part of a pilot project of public rental housing in the rent before sale park in the Lingang Industrial Zone. The contracts stipulate that, for a ten-year term, ACM Shengwei s subsidiary is obligated to manage
 the apartment units for public rental use in accordance with public rental housing standards and must rent the apartment units to employees of ACM Shanghai and its subsidiaries who work in the Lingang Industrial Zone. After that ten-year period
 expires, ACM Shengwei s subsidiary may use the apartment units as stock of commercial housing and may sell them separately in sets.

On December 15, 2022, ACM Shanghai entered into an agreement with Shanghai Zhangtou Guoju Cultural Development Company, LTD., the seller, and Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange Co., LTD.,
 to purchase facilities in the ZhangJiang free trade zone, part of the Pudong district of Shanghai, for an aggregate price of 356.0 million RMB million 51.1 million). Subsequent to additional tax payments and other obligations totaling RMB
 90.8 million 13.0 million), ACM Shanghai expects to receive ownership of the facilities in 2023. This facility will serve as the corporate headquarters for ACM Shanghai, consisting of four buildings for administrative and R D office
 use.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings or may be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the results of these proceedings and claims
 cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. Regardless of the
 outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding legal proceedings.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

57 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Information Regarding the Trading of Common Stock

The Class A common stock has traded on NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol ACMR since November 3, 2017. The Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange.

Holders of Common Stock

As of February 22, 2023, there were 54,681,261 shares of Class A common stock outstanding held of record by 46 stockholders. The actual number of holders
 of Class A common stock is substantially greater and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners and whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.

As of February 22, 2023, there were 5,021,811 shares of Class B common stock held of record by 16 stockholders.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support the operation of and to finance the growth and
 development of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by this item will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement we will file in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference
 herein.

Sales of Unregistered Securities

During the three months ended December 31, 2022, ACM Research issued, pursuant to the exercise of stock options at a per share exercise price of 0.50 per share, an aggregate of 179,514 shares of
 Class A common stock that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. We believe the offer and sale of those shares were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof (or Regulation D
 promulgated thereunder) because they did not involve a public offering. The recipients of the shares acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate
 legends were recorded with respect to the shares. The recipients of the shares were accredited investors under Rule 501 of Regulation D.

Sale Date

Exercised 

 Shares (Net)

October 25, 2022

50,387

November 3, 2022

25,481

November 14, 2022

35,530

November 22, 2022

35,327

December 2, 2022

26,189

December 12, 2022

6,600

Total

179,514

58 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph

The following graph compares the total return of an investment of 100 in cash at the closing price of November 3, 2017, which is the date our common stock first began trading on Nasdaq, through
 December 31, 2022 for (1) our common stock, (2) the Russell 1000 index, and (3) the Nasdaq Composite Index. All values assume reinvestment of all dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and are
 not necessarily indicative of future stockholder returns.

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

Among ACM Research, Inc., the Nasdaq Index, and the Russell 1000 Index

Base

Period

Years Ending

Company Name/Index

11/3/17

12/29/17

12/31/18

12/31/19

12/31/20

12/31/21

12/31/22

ACM Research, Inc.

100

87

180

305

1,343

1,409

382

Russell 1000 Index

100

103

97

124

148

157

123

Nasdaq Composite Index

100

102

98

133

191

231

155

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

59 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. In addition to
 historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements and Statistical Data at page 3 of this report. Please read Item 1A. Risk
 Factors for a discussion of factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations

Overview

ACM Research was incorporated in California in 1998 and redomesticated in Delaware in 2016. We perform strategic planning, marketing, and financial activities at our global corporate headquarters
 in Fremont, California. ACM Research is neither a PRC operating company nor do we conduct our operations in the PRC through the use of VIEs.

We supply advanced, innovative capital equipment developed for the global semiconductor industry. Fabricators of advanced integrated circuits, or chips, can use our wet-cleaning and other
 front-end processing tools in numerous steps to improve product yield, even at increasingly advanced process nodes. We have designed these tools for use in fabricating foundry, logic and memory chips, including DRAM 3D NAND-flash memory chips,
 and compound semiconductor chips. We also develop, manufacture and sell a range of advanced packaging tools to wafer assembly and packaging customers.

We are focused on building a strategic portfolio of intellectual property to support and protect our key innovations. Our tools have been developed using our key proprietary technologies:

SAPS technology for flat and patterned wafer surfaces , which employs alternating phases of megasonic waves to deliver megasonic energy in a highly uniform manner on a
 microscopic level;

TEBO technology for patterned wafer surfaces at advanced process nodes , which provides effective, damage-free cleaning for 2D and 3D patterned wafers with fine feature
 sizes;

Tahoe technology for cost and environmental savings , which delivers high cleaning performance using significantly less sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide than is
 typically consumed by conventional high-temperature single-wafer cleaning tools; and

ECP technology for advanced metal plating , which includes Ultra ECP ap, or Advanced Packaging, technology for back-end assembly processes, Ultra ECP 3d for
 through-silicon-via, or tsv, and Ultra ECP map, or Multi-Anode Partial Plating, technology for front-end wafer fabrication processes.

In 2020, 2021 and 2022 we introduced and delivered a range of new tools intended to broaden our revenue opportunity with global semiconductor manufacturers. Product extensions include the Ultra
 SFP ap tool for advanced packaging solutions, the Ultra C VI 18-chamber single wafer cleaning tool for advanced memory devices, and the Ultra ECP 3d platform for through-silicon-via, or tsv, application. New product lines include the Ultra fn
 Furnace, our first dry processing tool, and a suite of semi-critical cleaning systems which include single wafer back side cleaning, scrubber, and auto bench cleaning tools.

We added two major new product categories in 2022 with the launch of the Ultra Pmax PECVD tool, which is equipped with a proprietary designed chamber, gas distribution unit and chuck, and is
 intended to provide better film uniformity, reduced film stress, and improved particle performance, and the introduction of the Ultra Track tool, a 300mm process tool that delivers uniform air downflow, fast robot handling and customizable
 software to address specific customer requirements, and has multiple features that enhance performance across defectivity, throughput, and cost of ownership.

We conduct a substantial majority of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC, with additional product development and subsystem production in South Korea.
 Substantially all of our integrated tools are built to order at our manufacturing facilities in the Pudong region of Shanghai, which now encompass a total of 236,000 square feet of floor space for production capacity, with 100,000 square feet
 having been added in 2021 with the lease of a second building in the Pudong region of Shanghai. In May 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into an agreement for a land use right in the Lingang region of
 Shanghai. In 2020 ACM Shengwei began a multi-year construction project for a new 1,000,000 square foot development and production center that will incorporate state-of-the-art manufacturing systems and automation technologies and will provide
 floor space to support significantly increased production capacity and related R D activities. We expect to complete construction of the first Lingang manufacturing building and commence initial production in the second half of 2023
 timeframe. See Item 2. Properties of Part I of this report.

60 

Table of Contents 

Our experience has shown that chip manufacturers in the PRC and throughout Asia demand equipment meeting their specific technical requirements and prefer building relationships with local
 suppliers. We will continue to seek to leverage our local presence to address the growing market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the region by working closely with regional chip manufacturers to understand their specific
 requirements, encourage them to adopt our SAPS, TEBO, Tahoe, ECP, furnace, PECVD, Track, and other technologies, and enable us to design innovative products and solutions to address their needs.

Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The HFCA Act requires that the PCAOB determine whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction because of a
 position taken by one or more authorities in any non-U.S. jurisdiction. BDO China had been our independent registered public accounting firm in recent years, including for the year ended December 31, 2021. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate
 passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted on December 29, 2022 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, as further described below. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB reported its determination
 that it was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong, including BDO China, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. On March 30, 2022,
 based on this determination, ACM Research was transferred to the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCA. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to International Aspects of Our Business We could be adversely affected if
 we are unable to comply with recent and proposed legislation and regulations regarding improved access to audit and other information and audit inspections of accounting firms operating in the PRC of this report for more information. Under
 current regulations, if ACM Research were to be included on this list for two consecutive years due to our independent auditor being located in a jurisdiction that does not allow for PCAOB inspections, the SEC would prohibit trading in our
 securities and this ultimately could cause our securities to be delisted in the U.S., and their value may significantly decline or become worthless.

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and Hong Kong in
 2022 and vacated its previous December 16, 2021 determination to the contrary. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC and
 Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s, control. PRC authorities will need to ensure that the PCAOB continues to have full access for inspections and investigations in 2023 and
 beyond. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in the PRC and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PRC authorities do not allow the PCAOB complete access for inspections and
 investigations for two consecutive years, the SEC would prohibit trading in the securities of issuers engaging those audit firms, as required under the HFCA Act. Further, on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was
 signed into law by U.S. President Biden, which, among other things, amended the HFCA Act to reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years that would trigger the trading prohibition under the HFCA Act from three years to two years
 (originally such threshold under the HFCA Act was three consecutive years), and so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the reason why the PCAOB does not have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s public accounting firm
 (originally the HFCA Act only applied if the PCAOB s ability to inspect or investigate was due to a position taken by an authority in the jurisdiction where the relevant public accounting firm was located).

In addition, on June 30, 2022, stockholders of ACM Research ratified the appointment of Armanino LLP as our independent auditor for the year ended December 31, 2022. Armanino LLP is neither
 headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong nor was it subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, which determinations were vacated by the PCAOB on December 15, 2022, and, subsequent to the filing of this report, we
 do not believe ACM Research will appear on the Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA for a second time.

61 

Table of Contents 

STAR Listing and IPO

On November 18, 2021, ACM s operating subsidiary ACM Shanghai completed:

a listing, which we refer to as the STAR Listing, of shares of ACM Shanghai on the Shanghai Stock Exchange s Sci-Tech innovAtion boaRd, known as the STAR Market; and

a concurrent initial public offering, which we refer to as the STAR IPO, of ACM Shanghai shares in the PRC, at a pre-offering valuation of not less than RMB 5.15 billion 747.1 million).

Following the completion of the STAR IPO, ACM Shanghai s shares began trading on the STAR Market under the stock code 688082. In the STAR IPO, ACM Shanghai issued 43,355,753 shares,
 representing ten percent of the total 433,557,100 shares outstanding after the STAR IPO. The shares were issued at a public offering price of RMB 85.00 per share, and the proceeds of the STAR IPO totaled approximately 545.5 million, net of
 fees and expenses. Upon completion of the STAR IPO, ACM owned approximately 82.5 of the outstanding ACM Shanghai shares. The net proceeds of the STAR IPO are expected to be used to fund:

the land lease for, and construction of, ACM Shanghai s proposed development and production center in the Lingang region of Shanghai;

product development to upgrade and expand our process equipment targeted at more advanced process nodes, including technical improvement and development of TEBO megasonic cleaning equipment, Tahoe single wafer
 wet bench combined cleaning equipment, front-end brush scrubbing equipment, auto bench and backside cleaning equipment, electroplating equipment, stress free polish equipment, vertical furnace equipment, and additional new products to
 expand our product portfolio; and

working capital.

We believe the STAR Listing will help us scale our business in mainland PRC, as we continue to seek to broaden our markets in Europe, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and the United States. Our global
 headquarters will continue to be located in Fremont, California, and we are committed to maintaining the listing of Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market.

Restrictions Imposed by the U.S. Department of Commerce on PRC-Based Semiconductor Producers

Substantially all of ACM Shanghai s customers and a significant portion of its operations are based in the PRC. In 2022, 43.8 of our revenue was derived from three customers: The Huali Huahong
 Group, a leading PRC-based foundry, accounted for 18.2 of our revenue; SMIC, a leading PRC-based foundry, accounted for 15.6 of our revenue, and YMTC, a leading PRC-based memory chip company, together with one of its subsidiaries, accounted
 for 10.0 of our revenue. In 2021, 48.9 of our revenue was derived from two PRC-based customers: The Huali Huahong Group accounted for 28.1 of our revenue and YMTC accounted for 20.8 of our revenue.

In early October 2022, the U.S. government enacted new rules aimed at restricting U.S. support for the PRC s ability to manufacture advanced semiconductors. The rules include new export license
 requirements for exports, re-exports or transfers to or within the PRC of additional types of semiconductor manufacturing items, items for use in manufacturing designated types of semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the PRC, and
 semiconductor manufacturing equipment for use at certain IC manufacturing and development facilities in the PRC. In addition, the U.S. government imposed new restrictions by which U.S. persons anywhere in the world are effectively barred from
 engaging in certain activities related to the development and production of semiconductors at PRC fabrication facilities meeting specified criteria, even if no items subject to the EAR are involved.

ACM Shanghai has determined that several of its customers have PRC-based facilities that meet the restricted criteria, and has also determined that several of its products may meet the parameters
 of export control classification numbers, or ECCNs, affected by the restrictions. Accordingly, depending on the details of the final implementation of these new restrictions and associated licensing policies, ACM may not be able to import, or
 may face substantial restrictions in importing, parts from the United States to support tool shipments to such facilities, or to be embedded into tools defined by affected ECCNs. ACM and ACM Shanghai have implemented modifications to their
 existing business policies and practices in response to the new restrictions, including by imposing limitations on the activities of their U.S. persons and their supply chains more broadly to comply with the new regulations.

62 

Table of Contents 

We believe that as a result of the new restrictions, several ACM Shanghai customers have significantly reduced production and related capital spending at facilities meeting the restricted advanced
 node capabilities. In addition, ACM Shanghai has experienced challenges as the companies in its supply chain adapt their policies to the new regulations. These factors had an adverse impact on ACM Shanghai s shipments and sales in the three
 months ended December 31, 2022. We anticipate these factors will continue to have an adverse impact on ACM Shanghai s shipments and sales in future periods. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory Risks Our ability to sell our tools to Chinese
 customers has been impacted, and will likely to be materially and adversely impacted, by export license requirements, other regulatory changes, or other actions taken by the U.S. or other governmental agencies for more information.

COVID 19 Pandemic

The worldwide COVID-19 health pandemic and related government and private sector responsive actions have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of many countries and specifically
 have negatively impacted the Company s business operations, including in the PRC and the United States. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to result in economic uncertainty and global economic policies that could reduce
 demand for the Company s products and its customers chips and have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. For an explanation of some of the risks we potentially face, please read
 carefully the information provided under Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to the COVID 19 Pandemic, of Part I of this report.

The following summary reflects our expectations and estimates based on information known to us as of the date of this filing:

Operations : We conduct substantially all of our product development, manufacturing, support and services in the PRC through ACM Shanghai, and those activities have been
 directly impacted by COVID 19 and related restrictions on transportation and public appearances.

In March 2022, several regions in China began to experience elevated levels of COVID-19 infections, and the PRC government instituted policies to restrict the spread of the
 virus, which are referred to as zero-COVID policies. The policies began with an increase of spot quarantines, under which a positive polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or other test would result in the quarantining of individual buildings,
 groups of buildings, or even full neighborhoods. The policies were later expanded to full-city quarantines, including in the City of Shanghai, where substantially all of ACM Shanghai s operations are located. COVID-19 related restrictions in
 Shanghai began to limit employee access to, and logistics activities of, ACM Shanghai s offices and production facilities in the Pudong district of Shanghai in March 2022, and therefore limited ACM Shanghai s ability to ship finished products
 to customers and to produce new products. Spot quarantines in mid-March 2022 began to impact a number of ACM Shanghai s employees and led to a closure of ACM Shanghai s administrative and R D offices in Zhangjiang in the Pudong district. A
 subsequent quarantine of the entire Pudong region of Shanghai was imposed in late March 2022 and impacted the operation of ACM Shanghai s Chuansha production facility. Furthermore, a number of our customers have substantial operations based in
 operations areas of the PRC, including in the City of Shanghai, subject to the full-city restrictions, which began limiting the operations of those customers in the first quarter of 2022, including inhibiting their ability to receive, implement
 and operate new tools for their manufacturing facilities. As a result, in some cases, ACM Shanghai was required to defer shipments of finished products to these customers because of operational and logistics limitations affecting customers
 rather than, or in addition to, ACM Shanghai.

In late April 2022, ACM Shanghai began to resume some operations at the Chuansha manufacturing site using the closed loop method, in which a limited collection of workers
 remains together as a group between a single hotel, the ACM Shanghai facility, and a dedicated bus transportation route, also referred to as two points and one line, and had resumed substantially all of its Chuansha manufacturing site
 operations by the end of the second quarter of 2022.

63 

Table of Contents 

In mid-June 2022, substantially all of ACM Shanghai s R D and administrative employees at its Zhangjiang facility were allowed to return to work under strict safety
 protocols after a period of restricted access to the building that for many employees was partially mitigated by being able to work from home. ACM Shanghai established several policies to help avoid or limit future outbreaks among employees and
 thus protect employee safety and limit the possibility of a facility reclosing.

The effects of the PRC restrictions continued for several months, with a gradual return of PRC operations, production capacity, and global logistics as Shanghai and other areas
 in the PRC began to reopen. We cannot assure you that closures or reductions of PRC operations or production, whether of ACM Shanghai or of some of its key customers, may not be extended in the future as the result of business interruptions
 arising from protective measures being taken by the PRC and other governmental agencies or of other consequences of COVID-19.

In December 2022, the PRC government relaxed its zero-COVID policies, which resulted in large scale COVID-19 infections throughout China, including Shanghai. A significant
 number of ACM Shanghai employees were also infected, and in many cases missed work for one or several weeks, which caused administrative and operational challenges in late 2022 and early 2023. We cannot assure you that illnesses of ACM Shanghai
 employees, or of its customers, suppliers or other third parties, may not result in closures, reductions of PRC operations or production, or additional administrative inefficiencies in the upcoming months or quarters.

Our corporate headquarters are located in Fremont, California in the San Francisco Bay Area and are the subject of a number of state and county public health directives and
 orders. These actions have not negatively impacted our business to date, however, because of the limited number of employees at our headquarters and the nature of the work they generally perform. To date we have not experienced absenteeism of
 management or other key employees, other than certain of our executive officers being delayed in traveling between the PRC, our California office, and other global locations, and a significant number of ACM Shanghai employees missing work in
 late 2022 and early 2023 for one or several weeks due to COVID-19 related illness following relaxation of the PRC s zero-COVID policies in December 2022.

Customers: Our customers , including the customers of ACM Shanghai, business operations have been, and are continuing to be, subject to business interruptions arising
 from the COVID 19 pandemic. Historically substantially all of our revenue has been derived from customers located in the PRC and surrounding areas that have been impacted by COVID 19. Three customers that accounted for 43.8 of our
 revenue in 2022 are based in the PRC, two customers that accounted for 48.9 of our revenue in 2021 are based in the PRC, and three customers that accounted for 75.8 of our revenue in 2020 are based in the PRC. One of those customers,
 YMTC which, together with one of its subsidiaries, accounted for 10.0 of our 2022 revenue, 20.8 of our 2021 revenue, and 26.8 of our 2020 revenue, is based in Wuhan. While YMTC and other key customers continued to operate their
 fabrication facilities without interruption during and after the first quarter of 2020, some customers have been forced to restrict access of service personnel and deliveries to and from their facilities. We have experienced longer and,
 in some cases, more costly shipping expenses in the delivery of tools to certain customers.

Suppliers : Our global supply chain includes components sourced from the PRC, Japan, Taiwan, the United States and Europe. While, to date, we have not experienced
 material issues with our supply chain beyond the logistics related to the Shanghai facilities of ACM Shanghai, supply chain constraints have intensified due to COVID-19, contributing to global shortages in the supply of semiconductors
 and other materials, and in some cases the pricing of materials used in the production of our own tools. As with our customers, we continue to be in close contact with our key suppliers to help ensure we are able to identify any
 potential supply issues that may arise.

Projects : Our strategy includes a number of plans to support the growth of our core business, including ACM Shanghai s acquisition of a land use right in the Lingang
 area of Shanghai where ACM Shanghai began construction of a new R D center and factory in July 2020. The extent to which COVID 19 impacts these projects will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain, but to date, the
 timing of these ongoing projects has not been delayed or significantly disrupted by COVID 19 or related government measures.

64 

Table of Contents 

During the first six months of 2022, we experienced a negative impact to revenue and shipments as a result of restricted access and logistics to our Shanghai-based production and administrative
 facilities. Thirteen tools amounting to 13 million in revenue and 24 million in shipments that could not be shipped to customers in the three-months ended March 31, 2022 were subsequently shipped in the three months ended June 30, 2022. As a
 result of the restrictions, we experienced a modest increase to operational costs due to increased logistics costs and inefficiencies that resulted from the restrictions, and an increase in cash used in operations due in part to an increase in
 accounts receivables that resulted from a shift of shipments towards the latter part of the period.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced general inefficiencies in administrative, research and development and other activities due to some employees who were required to
 quarantine in place at their residence due presumably to the detected possible exposure to COVID-19. In many cases, the employees were able to work remotely to mitigate the effects. With the relaxation of the PRC s zero-COVID policies in
 December 2022, and the subsequent widespread infections of China s population, we anticipate potential impacts to our PRC operations in the foreseeable future.

Key Components of Results of Operations

Revenue

We develop, manufacture and sell innovative capital equipment to the global semiconductor industry. Since we sell tools to a small number of customers and we customize those tools to fulfill the
 customers specific requirements, our revenue generation fluctuates, depending on the length of the sales, development and evaluation phases:

Sales and Development. During the sale process we may, depending on a prospective customer s specifications and requirements, need to perform additional research,
 development and testing to establish that a tool can meet the prospective customer s requirements. We then host an in-house demonstration of the customized tool prototype. Sales cycles for orders that require limited customization and
 do not require that we develop new technology usually take from 6 to 12 months, while the product life cycle, including the initial design, demonstration and final assembly phases, for orders requiring development and testing of new
 technologies can take as long as 2 to 4 years. As we expand our customer base, we expect to gain more repeat purchase orders for tools that we have already developed and tested, which will reduce the need for a demonstration phase and
 shorten the development cycle.

Evaluation Periods. When a chip manufacturer proposes to purchase a particular type of tool from us for the first time, we offer the manufacturer an opportunity to
 evaluate the tool for a period that can extend for 24 months or longer. In some cases, we do not receive any payment on first-time purchases until the tool is accepted. As a result, we may spend more than 2.0 million to produce a tool
 without receiving payment for more than 24 months or, if the tool is not accepted, without receiving any payment. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry We may incur significant expenses long
 before we can recognize revenue from new products, if at all, due to the costs and length of research, development, manufacturing and customer evaluation process cycles. 

Purchase Orders. In accordance with industry practice, sales of our tools are made pursuant to purchase orders. Each purchase order from a customer for one of our
 tools contains specific technical requirements intended to ensure, among other things, that the tool will be compatible with the customer s manufacturing process line. Until a purchase order is received, we do not have a binding
 purchase commitment. Some of our customers to date have provided us with non-binding one- to two-year forecasts of their anticipated demands, and we expect future customers to furnish similar non-binding forecasts for planning purposes.
 Any of those forecasts would be subject to change, however, by the customer at any time, without notice to us.

Fulfillment. We seek to obtain a purchase order for a tool from three to four months in advance of the expected delivery date. Depending upon the nature of a
 customer s specifications, the lead time for production of a tool generally will extend from two to four months. The lead-time can be more than six months, however, and in some cases, we may need to begin producing a tool based on a
 customer s non-binding forecast, rather than waiting to receive a binding purchase order.

We expect our sales prices generally to range from 0.5 million to more than 5 million for our production tools. The sales price of a particular tool will vary depending upon the required
 specifications. We have designed equipment models using a modular configuration that we customize to meet customers technical specifications. For example, our Ultra C models for SAPS, TEBO and Tahoe solutions use common modular configurations
 that enable us to create a wet-cleaning tool meeting a customer s specific requirements, while using pre-existing designs for chamber, electrical, chemical delivery and other modules.

65 

Table of Contents 

Because of the relatively large purchase prices of our tools, customers generally pay in installments. For a customer s repeat purchase of a particular type of tool, the specific payment terms are
 negotiated in connection with acceptance milestones of a purchase order. Based on our experience with repeat sales of our tools, we expect that we will receive an initial payment upon delivery of a tool in connection with a repeat purchase,
 with the balance being paid after the tool has been tested and accepted by the customer. Our sales arrangements for repeat purchases do not include a general right of return.

Based on our market experience, we believe that implementation of our equipment by one of our selected leading companies will attract and encourage other manufacturers to evaluate our equipment,
 because the leading company s implementation will serve as validation of our equipment and will enable the other manufacturers to shorten their evaluation processes. We placed our first SAPS-based tool in 2009 as a prototype. We worked closely
 with the customer for two years in debugging and modifying the tool, and the customer then spent two more years of qualification and running pilot production before beginning volume manufacturing. We expect that the period from new product
 introduction to high volume manufacturing will be three years or less in the future. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry We depend on a small number of
 customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, one or more of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. There are also a
 limited number of potential customers for our products. 

Substantially all of our sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were to customers located in Asia, and we anticipate that a substantial majority of our revenue will continue to come from customers located
 in this region for the near future. We have increased our sales efforts to penetrate the markets in North America and Western Europe.

We utilize ASC 606 which was adopted in 2018 set forth in Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ,
 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, regarding the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in our financial statements as described below under Critical Accounting Estimates Revenue Recognition. 

We offer extended maintenance service contracts to provide services such as trouble-shooting or fine-tuning tools, and installing spare parts, following expiration of applicable initial standard
 assurance type warranty coverage periods, which for sales to date have extended from 12 to 36 months as described under Critical Accounting Estimates Warranty. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received payments for parts and labor for service
 activities provided from time to time, but as of December 31, 2022 we had not yet entered into extended maintenance service contracts with respect to the substantial majority of tools for which initial warranty coverage had expired. We expect
 to enter into extended maintenance service contracts with customers as additional initial warranties expire, but we do not expect revenue from extended maintenance service contracts to represent a material portion of our revenue in the future.

The loss or delay of multiple large sale transactions in a quarter could impact our results of operations for that quarter and any future quarters for which revenue from that transaction is lost
 or delayed, as described under Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our quarterly operating results can be difficult to predict and can fluctuate substantially, which could result in volatility in the price of
 Class A common stock. It is difficult to predict accurately when, or even if, we can complete a sale of a tool to a potential customer or to increase sales to any existing customer. Our tool demand forecasts are based on multiple assumptions,
 including non-binding forecasts received from customers years in advance, each of which may introduce error into our estimates. Difficulties in forecasting demand for our tools make it difficult for us to project future operating results and
 may lead to periodic inventory shortages or excess spending on inventory or on tools that may not be purchased, as further described in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Difficulties in forecasting demand for
 our tools may lead to periodic inventory shortages or excess spending on inventory items that may not be used. 

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue for capital equipment consists primarily of:

direct costs, which consist principally of costs of tool components and subassemblies purchased from third-party vendors;

66 

Table of Contents 

compensation of personnel associated with our manufacturing operations, including stock-based compensation;

depreciation of manufacturing equipment;

amortization of costs of software used for manufacturing purposes;

other expenses attributable to our manufacturing department; and

allocated overhead for rent and utilities.

We are not party to any long-term purchasing agreements with suppliers. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our customers do not enter into long-term
 purchase commitments, and they may decrease, cancel or delay their projected purchases at any time. 

As our customer base and tool installations continue to grow, we will need to hire additional manufacturing personnel. The rates at which we add customers and install tools will affect the level
 and time of this spending. In addition, because we often import components and spare parts from the United States, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, the effect of the currency fluctuations on our cost of revenue.

Gross Margin

We generally expect gross margin to range between 40 and 45 for the foreseeable future, with direct manufacturing costs approximating 50 to 55 of revenue and overhead costs totaling
 approximately 5 of revenue.

We seek to maintain our gross margin by continuing to develop proprietary technologies that avoid pricing pressure for our wet cleaning equipment. We actively manage our operations through
 principles of operational excellence designed to ensure continuing improvement in the efficiency and quality of our manufacturing operations by, for example, implementing factory constraint management and change control and inventory management
 systems. In addition, our purchasing department actively seeks to identify and negotiate supply contracts with improved pricing to reduce cost of revenue.

A significant portion of our raw materials are denominated in the RMB, while the majority of our purchase orders are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, fluctuations in currency exchange
 rates may have a significant effect on our gross margin.

Operating Expenses

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, growth in the absolute dollar amount of our operating expenses, as we invest to support the anticipated growth of our customer base and
 the continued development of proprietary technologies.

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of:

compensation of personnel associated with pre- and after-sales support and other sales and marketing activities, including stock-based compensation;

sales commissions paid to independent sales representatives;

fees paid to sales consultants;

cost of trade shows;

costs of tools built for promotional purposes for current or potential new customers;

travel and entertainment; and

allocated overhead for rent and utilities.

Sales and marketing expense can be significant and may fluctuate, in part because of the resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of our sales cycle. The
 length of our sales cycle, from initial contact with a customer to the execution of a purchase order, is generally 6 to 24 months.

During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on sales and marketing activities, including educating customers about our tools, participating in extended tool evaluations and
 configuring our tools to customer-specific needs. Sales and marketing expense in a given period can be particularly affected by the increase in travel and entertainment expenses associated with the finalization of purchase orders or the
 installation of tools.

67 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 

Research and development expense relates to the development of new products and processes and encompasses our research, development and customer support activities. Research and development
 expense consists primarily of:

compensation of personnel associated with our research and development activities, including stock-based compensation;

costs of components and other research and development supplies;

costs of tools built for product development purposes;

travel expense associated with the research of technical requirements for product development purposes and testing of concepts under consideration;

amortization of costs of software used for research and development purposes; and

allocated overhead for rent and utilities.

Some of our research and development has been funded by grants from the PRC government, as described in PRC Government Research and Development Funding below.

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expense consists primarily of:

compensation of executive, accounting and finance, human resources, information technology, and other administrative personnel, including stock-based compensation;

professional fees, including accounting and legal fees;

other corporate expenses; and

allocated overhead for rent and utilities.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

We grant stock options to employees and non-employee consultants and directors, and we account for those stock-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock

Compensation .

Stock-based awards granted to employees and non-employees are measured at the fair value of the awards on the grant date and are recognized as expenses either (a) immediately on grant, if no vesting conditions
 are required, or (b) using the graded vesting method, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Stock-based compensation
 expense, when recognized, is charged to cost of revenue or to the category of operating expense corresponding to the service function of the employee or non-employee.

We also grant discounts to employees when they subscribe for the new shares of ACM Shanghai, and we account for those stock-based awards in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 718,
 Compensation Stock Compensation 

PRC Government Research and Development Funding

ACM Shanghai has received seven special government grants. The first grant, which was awarded in 2008, relates to the development and commercialization of 65nm to 45nm stress-free polishing
 technology. The second grant was awarded in 2009 to fund interest expense on short-term borrowings. The third grant was made in 2014 and relates to the development of electro copper-plating technology. The fourth grant was made in June 2018 and
 related to development of polytetrafluoroethylene. The fifth grant was made in 2020, and relates to the development of Tahoe single bench cleaning technologies. As of December 31, 2021, the fourth and fifth grants had been fully utilized. The
 sixth grant was made in 2020, and relates to the development of other cleaning technologies. The seventh grant was made in 2021, and relates to the development of the R D and production center in the Lin-gang Special Area of Shanghai. These
 governmental authorities provide significant funding, although ACM Shanghai and ACM Shengwei is also required to invest certain amounts in the projects.

68 

Table of Contents 

The governmental grants contain certain operating conditions, and we are required to go through a government due diligence process once the project is complete. The grants therefore are recorded
 as long-term liabilities upon receipt, although we are not required to return any funds ACM Shanghai receives. Grant amounts are recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as follows:

Government subsidies relating to current expenses are recorded as reductions of those expenses in the periods in which the current expenses are recorded. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
 related government subsidies recognized as reductions of relevant expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) were 1.2 million, 11.3 million, and 2.7 million, respectively.

Government subsidies related to depreciable assets are credited to income over the useful lives of the related assets for which the grant was received. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
 related government subsidies recognized as other income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) were 0.3 million, 0.2 million, and 0.1 million, respectively.

Unearned government subsidies received are deferred for recognition and recorded as other long-term liabilities (see note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. in the consolidated balance sheet until the criteria for such recognition are satisfied.

Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests

In 2019 ACM Shanghai sold a total number of shares representing 8.3 of its outstanding ACM Shanghai shares, after which ACM Research held the remaining 91.7 of ACM Shanghai s outstanding shares.
 In 2021 ACM Shanghai sold a total number shares representing an additional 10 of its outstanding ACM Shanghai shares in its STAR IPO, after which ACM Research held the remaining 82.5 of ACM Shanghai s outstanding shares. As a result, we
 reflect the portion of our net income allocable to the minority holders of ACM Shanghai shares as net income attributable to non-controlling interests.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

In preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates in applying our accounting policies that can have a significant impact on
 our revenue, operating income and net income, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that
 we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. At least quarterly, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates and make changes as deemed necessary. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different
 assumptions or conditions.

We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial
 statements, and we therefore consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. For information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 in the notes to consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition

We derive revenue principally from the sale of semiconductor capital equipment. Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps pursuant to ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers :

1. 

Identify the contract(s) with a customer;

2. 

Identify the performance obligations in the contract;

3. 

Determine the transaction price;

4. 

Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

5. 

Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

69 

Table of Contents 

A contract contains a promise (or promises) to transfer goods or services to a customer. A performance obligation is a promise (or a group of promises) that is distinct. The transaction price is the amount of
 consideration a company expects to be entitled from a customer in exchange for providing the goods or services.

The unit of account for revenue recognition is a performance obligation (a good or service). A contract may contain one or more performance obligations. Performance obligations are accounted for
 separately if they are distinct. A good or service is distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer, and the good or service is
 distinct in the context of the contract. Otherwise, performance obligations are combined with other promised goods or services until we identify a bundle of goods or services that is distinct. Promises in contracts which do not result in the
 transfer of a good or service are not performance obligations, as well as those promises that are administrative in nature, or are immaterial in the context of the contract. We have addressed whether various goods and services promised to the
 customer represent distinct performance obligations. We applied the guidance of ASC Topic 606 in order to verify which promises should be assessed for classification as distinct performance obligations. Our performance obligations in
 connection with a sale of equipment generally include production, delivery, installation, training and software updates.

Given that our products are customized based on specifications of our customers, we determine that the promise to the customer is to provide a customized product solution. The product and
 customization services are inputs into the combined item for which the customer has contracted and, as a result, the product and installation services are not separately identifiable and are combined into a single performance obligation.
 Delivery of goods to a customer is not a separate performance obligation since control of the goods normally does not transfer to the customer before shipment. Our warranties provide assurance that our products will function as expected and
 in accordance with certain specifications. Our warranties are intended to safeguard the customer against existing defects and do not provide any incremental service to the customer. They are not separate performance obligations and accounted
 for under ASC 460, Guarantees . Production, delivery, installation, training and software updates, are a single unit of accounting.

The transaction price is allocated to all the separate performance obligations in an arrangement. It reflects the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for
 transferring goods or services, which may include an estimate of variable consideration to the extent that it is probable of not being subject to significant reversals in the future based on our experience with similar arrangements. The
 transaction price excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties, such as sales taxes. This is done on a relative selling price basis using standalone selling prices, or SSP. The SSP represents the price at which we would sell that
 good or service on a standalone basis at the inception of the contract. Given the requirement for establishing SSP for all performance obligations, if the SSP is directly observable through standalone sales, then such sales should be
 considered in the establishment of the SSP for the performance obligation.

For some sale contracts, in addition to the sale of semiconductor capital equipment, we also provide certain spare parts to the customers. We defer revenue associated with spare parts sold
 together with our tool products, including production, delivery, installation, training, and software updates which are accounted for as one performance obligation, based on stand-alone observable selling prices for which we receive payments
 in advance and recognize the revenue upon the subsequent shipment of the spare parts, which is expected within one year. The deferred revenue for spare parts was 4.2 million and 3.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Revenue is recognized when we satisfy each performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to the customer. Goods or services can transfer at a point in time
 (upon the acceptance of the products or upon the arrival at the destination as stipulated in the shipment terms) in a sale arrangement. In general, we recognize revenue when a tool has been demonstrated to meet the customer s predetermined
 specifications and is accepted by the customer. In the following circumstances, however, we recognize revenue upon shipment or delivery, when legal title to the tool is passed to a customer as follows:

When the customer has previously accepted the same tool with the same specifications and we can objectively demonstrate that the tool meets all of the required acceptance criteria;

When the sales contract or purchase order contains no acceptance agreement and we can objectively demonstrate that the tool meets all of the required acceptance criteria;

When our sales arrangements do not include a general right of return.

70 

Table of Contents 

We offer maintenance services, which consist principally of the installation and replacement of parts and small-scale modifications to the equipment. The related revenue and costs of revenue are
 recognized when parts have been delivered and installed and the customers have obtained control of the parts.

We incur costs related to the acquisition of our contracts with customers in the form of sales commissions. Sales commissions are paid to third party representatives and distributors.
 Contractual agreements with these parties outline commission structures and rates to be paid. Generally speaking, the contracts are all individual procurement decisions by the customers and are not for significant periods of time, nor do they
 include renewal provisions. As such, all contracts have an economic life of significantly less than a year. Accordingly, we expense sales commissions when incurred. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses. We, therefore,
 do not have contract assets.

We do not incur any costs to fulfill the contracts with customers that are not already reported in compliance with another applicable standard (for example, inventory or plant, property and
 equipment).

We receive payments from customers prior to the transfer of control either upon contract sign-off and/or the delivery of evaluation tools, which are recorded as advances from customers.

Stock-Based Compensation

We account for grants of stock options based on their grant date fair value and recognize compensation expense over the vesting periods. We estimate the fair value of the stock options granted
 with a service period-based condition at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We estimate the fair value of the stock options granted with a market-based condition at the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulation
 model.

For options granted with a service period-based condition, stock-based compensation expense represents the cost of the grant date fair value of employee stock option grants recognized over the
 requisite service period of the awards (usually the vesting period) on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate the fair value of these stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the
 input of subjective assumptions, including (a) the risk-free interest rate, (b) the expected volatility of our stock, (c) the expected term of the award and (d) the expected dividend yield.

We use the market closing price for the Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market to determine the fair value of the Class A common stock.

The risk-free interest rates for periods within the expected life of the option are based on the yields of zero-coupon U.S. Treasury securities.

Due to a lack of company-specific historical and implied volatility data, we have based our estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly
 traded. For these analyses, we have selected companies with comparable characteristics to ours including enterprise value, risk profile, position within the industry, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the
 expected life of the stock-based awards. We compute the historical volatility data using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of our stock-based awards.
 We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available.

The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The expected term of stock options is based on the average between the vesting period and the contractual term for
 each grant according to Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110.

The expected dividend yield is assumed to be 0 , based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends.

Inventory

Inventories consist of finished goods, raw materials, work-in-process and consumable materials. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials, direct labor, depreciation and manufacturing
 overhead. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value of the inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The cost of a general inventory item is determined using the weighted average method. The cost of an inventory item
 purchased specifically for a customized tool is determined using the specific identification method. Market value is determined as the lower of replacement cost and net realizable value, which is the estimated selling price, in the ordinary
 course of business, less estimated costs to complete or dispose.

71 

Table of Contents 

We assess the recoverability of all inventories quarterly to determine if any adjustments are required. We write down excess or obsolete tool-related inventory based on management s analysis of
 inventory levels and forecasted 12-month demand and technological obsolescence and spare parts inventory based on forecasted usage. These factors are affected by market and economic conditions, technology changes, new product introductions
 and changes in strategic direction, and they require estimates that may include uncertain elements. Actual demand may differ from forecasted demand, and those differences may have a material effect on recorded inventory values. During the
 twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and, 2021, inventory write-downs of 2.2 million and 0.1 million were recognized in cost of revenue, respectively.

Our manufacturing overhead standards for product costs are calculated assuming full absorption of forecasted spending over projected volumes, adjusted for excess capacity. Abnormal inventory costs
 such as costs of idle facilities, excess freight and handling costs, and spoilage are recognized as current period charges.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts receivables are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets at their estimated collectible amounts. A substantial majority of our accounts receivable are derived from sales to large
 multinational semiconductor manufacturers in Asia. We follow the allowance method of recognizing uncollectible accounts receivable, pursuant to which we regularly assess our ability to collect outstanding customer invoices and make estimates of
 the collectability of accounts receivable. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts when we determine that the collection of an outstanding customer receivable is not probable. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed on a quarterly
 basis to assess the adequacy of the allowance. We take into consideration (a) accounts receivable and historical bad debts experience, (b) any circumstances of which we are aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, (c)
 changes in our customer payment history, and (d) our judgments as to prevailing economic conditions in the industry and the impact of those conditions on our customers. If circumstances change, such that the financial conditions of our
 customers are adversely affected and they are unable to meet their financial obligations to us, we may need to record additional allowances, which would result in a reduction of our net income. No allowance for doubtful accounts was considered
 necessary at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life is
 shorter than we had originally estimated. When these events or changes occur, we evaluate the impairment of the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value of the assets to an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be
 generated from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying value of the assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying
 value over the fair value. No impairment charge was recognized in 2022 and 2021.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary
 differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
 in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A
 valuation allowance would be provided for the deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the related benefit will not be realized.

On a quarterly basis, we provide income tax provisions based upon an estimated annual effective income tax rate. The effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of
 worldwide earnings, tax regulations governing each region, availability of tax credits and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. We carefully monitor the changes in many factors and adjust our effective income tax rate on a timely
 basis. If actual results differ from these estimates, this could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

72 

Table of Contents 

We maintained a partial valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 with respect to certain net deferred tax assets based on our estimates of recoverability. We determined that the partial
 valuation allowance was appropriate given our historical operating losses and uncertainty with respect to our ability to generate profits from our business model sufficient to take advantage of the deferred tax assets in all applicable tax
 jurisdictions.

The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. In accordance with the authoritative guidance on accounting for
 uncertainty in income taxes, we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it
 is more likely than not that the position will be sustained in audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than fifty percent
 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We reevaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues
 under audit and new audit activity. Any change in these factors could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.

Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recorded in the provision for income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations.

Warranty

We have provided standard assurance type warranty coverage on our tools for 12 to 36 months, covering labor and parts necessary to repair a tool during the warranty period. We account for the
 estimated warranty cost as sales and marketing expense at the time revenue is recognized. Warranty obligations are affected by historical failure rates and associated replacement costs. Utilizing historical warranty cost records, we calculate a
 rate of warranty expenses to revenue to determine the estimated warranty charge. We update these estimated charges on a regular basis. The actual product performance and field expense profiles may differ, and in those cases, we adjust our
 warranty accruals accordingly. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued 8.8 million and 6.6 million, respectively, in liability contingency for potential warranty claims.

Financial Liability Carried at Fair Value

As described in note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in preparation for the STAR IPO we entered into two agreements with Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited
 Partnership, or SMC, relating to outstanding obligations for which we had agreed to deliver certain consideration. We accounted for this consideration as a financial liability and applied fair value option methodology to measure the
 consideration in accordance with ASC, Financial Instruments , (i.e., ASC 825-10-15-4a). On July 29, 2020 we entered into an amended agreement with SMC under which, in settlement of the financial
 liability, we issued to SMC a warrant to purchase shares of Class A common stock. The financial liability was remeasured to fair value as of July 29, 2020 and was retired upon issuance of the warrant. The warrant was initially measured at fair
 value at the issuance date and classified as permanent equity in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Estimates related to this item required significant judgment, and a change in the
 estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations during the periods involved.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements we expect will have an impact when adopted, see note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented, as percentages of revenue.

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of revenue

52.8

55.8

55.6

Gross margin

47.2

44.2

44.4

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

10.3

10.3

10.7

Research and development

16.0

13.2

12.2

General and administrative

5.8

5.9

7.8

Total operating expenses, net

32.0

29.3

30.7

Income from operations

15.2

14.9

13.7

Interest income (expense), net

1.8

(0.1

(0.1

Change in fair value of financial liability

-

-

(7.6

Realized gain from sale of trading securities

0.3

-

-

Unrealized gain (loss) on trading securities

(2.0

0.2

8.0 

Other income (expense), net

0.9

(0.2

(2.2

Equity income in net income of affiliates

1.2

1.8

0.4

Income before income taxes

17.4

16.5

12.3

Income tax benefit (expense)

(4.3

(0.1

1.5

Net income

13.0

16.4

13.8

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

2.9

2.0

1.8

Net income attributable to ACM Research, Inc.

10.1

14.4

12.0

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

Revenue

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Revenue

388,832

259,751

156,624

49.7

65.8

Single wafer cleaning, Tahoe and semi-critical cleaning equipment

272,939

189,208

131,248

44.3

44.2

ECP (front-end and packaging), furnace and other technologies

77,482

33,210

13,343

133.3

148.9

Advanced packaging (excluding ECP), services spares

38,411

37,333

12,033

2.9

210.3

Total Revenue By Product Category

388,832

259,751

156,624

49.7

65.8

Wet-cleaning and other front-end processing tools

308,528

202,268

136,317

52.5

48.4

Advanced packaging, other processing tools, services and spares

80,304

57,483

20,307

39.7

183.1

Total Revenue Front-end and Back-End

388,832

259,751

156,624

49.7

65.8

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Mainland China

377,752

258,615

154,359

Other Regions

11,080

1,136

2,265

388,832

259,751

156,624

The increase in revenue for 2022 compared to 2021 was driven primarily by higher sales of single wafer cleaning, Tahoe and semi-critical cleaning equipment, and increased contribution from newer
 ECP (front-end and packaging), furnace and other technologies. Our Shanghai production operations were adversely impacted in the first half of the year due to COVID-19-related restrictions, with a return to more normal operations in the second
 half of the year. The U.S. export regulations imposed in October of 2022 had an adverse impact on ACM Shanghai s shipments and sales in the fourth quarter of 2022.

74 

Table of Contents 

The increase in revenue for 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by higher sales of single wafer cleaning, Tahoe and semi-critical cleaning equipment, increased contribution from newer ECP (front-end
 and packaging), furnace and other technologies, and higher sales of Advanced packaging, services and spares. The increased demand from PRC-based customers is due in part to their longer-term commitment to increase production capacity to achieve
 a greater share of the mainland China semiconductor market.

Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Cost of revenue

205,217

144,895

87,025

41.6

66.5

Gross profit

183,615

114,856

69,599

59.9

65.0

Gross margin

47.2

44.2

44.4

3.00

-0.22

Cost of revenue and gross profit increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to the increased sales volume and an increase in gross margin. The increased gross margin versus the prior-year period
 was primarily due to a higher mix of ECP (front-end and packaging), furnace, and other technologies, and a positive impact due to a change in the RMB to U.S. dollar currency exchange rate.

Cost of revenue and gross profit increased in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting the growth in sales. Gross margin decreased by 22 basis points, primarily due to differences in product mix in 2021
 versus 2020.

Gross margin may vary from period to period, primarily related to the level of utilization and the timing and mix of revenue. We expect gross margin to be between 40.0 and 45.0 for the
 foreseeable future, with direct manufacturing costs approximating 50.0 to 55.0 of revenue and overhead costs totaling 5.0 of revenue.

Operating Expenses

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Sales and marketing expense

39,889

26,733

16,773

49.2

59.4

Research and development expense

62,226

34,207

19,119

81.9

78.9

General and administrative expense

22,465

15,214

12,215

47.7

24.6

Total operating expenses

124,580

76,154

48,107

63.6

58.3

Sales and marketing expense increased in 2022 as
 compared to 2021, and reflected an increase of 7.9 million due to higher costs of tools built for promotional purposes for current or potential new customers, and an increase of 5.3 million due to increased costs for personnel, commissions,
 outside services, travel and entertainment and other costs.

Sales and marketing expense increased in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in services costs including travel and warranty support, employee payroll and benefits,
 stock-based compensation, and sales commissions.

We expect that, for the foreseeable future, sales and marketing expense will increase in absolute dollars, as we continue to invest in sales and marketing by hiring additional employees and
 expanding marketing programs in existing or new markets. We must invest in sales and marketing processes in order to develop and maintain close relationships with customers. We are making dollar-based investments in order to support growth of
 our customer base in the United States, and the relative strength of the dollar could have a significant effect on our sales and marketing expense.

75 

Table of Contents 

Research and development expense increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, reflecting an increase of 6.9 million in costs of components, costs of tools built
 for product development purposes, and costs of other research and development supplies, and an increase of 16.7 million for personnel, stock-based compensation, and travel and entertainment costs to support product development, and an increase
 of 4.4 million for outside services and other research and development related expenses.

Research and development expense represented 16.0 and 13.2 of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Without
 reduction by grant amounts received from PRC governmental authorities (see PRC Government Research and Development Funding ), gross research and development expense totaled 63.4million, or 16.3 of total revenue, in the year ended December
 31, 2022 as compared to 45.5 million, or 17.5 of revenue, in the corresponding period in 2021.

Research and development expense increased in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in employee payroll and benefits, cost of
 components and other research and development supplies, travel, and other related expenses. Research and development expense represented 13.2 and 12.2 of our revenue in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Without reduction by grant amounts received
 from PRC governmental authorities (see Key Components of Results of Operations PRC Government Research and Development Funding ), gross research and development expense totaled 45.5 million, or 17.5 of revenue, in 2021 and 21.2 million, or
 13.6 of revenue, in 2020.

We expect that, for the foreseeable future, research and development expense will increase in absolute dollars as compared to 2022, as we continue to invest in research and development to advance
 our technologies. We intend to continue to invest in research and development to support and enhance our cleaning, plating, advanced packaging, furnace and future product offerings to build and maintain our technology leadership position.

General and administrative expense increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation, increased employee
 count, and an increase in legal, payroll tax and other fees.

General and administrative expense increased for 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to increased employee payroll and benefits, and an increase in legal, payroll tax and other fees.

We expect that, for the foreseeable future, general and administrative expense will increase in absolute dollars, as we incur additional costs associated with growing our business and operating as
 a public company.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Cost of revenue and operating expenses during the periods presented below have included stock-based compensation as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Stock-Based Compensation Expense:

Cost of revenue

520

397

175

Sales and marketing expense

1,877

1,802

1,199

Research and development expense

2,565

1,115

763

General and administrative expense

2,768

1,803

3,491

7,730

5,117

5,628

We recognized stock-based compensation expense of 7.7 million in 2022, 5.1 million in 2021, and 5.6 million in 2020.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 16.0 million and 9.5 million, respectively, of unrecognized employee stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested
 ACM stock-based awards. These are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.53 years and 1.61 years, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an additional 0.2 million and 0.5 million, respectively of
 unrecognized employee stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested ACM Shanghai stock-based awards.

76 

Table of Contents 

Income from Operations

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Income from operations

59,035

38,702

21,492

52.5

80.1

Income from operations increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to a 68.8 million increase in gross profit, partly offset by a 48.4 million increase in operating expenses. Income from
 operations increased by 17.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2021, due to a 45.3 million increase in gross profit, partly offset by a 28.0 million increase in operating expense.

Interest income (expense), net, Other Income (expense), net 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Interest Income

8,740

505

897

1630.7

-43.7

Interest Expense

(1,655

(765

(982

116.3

-22.1

Interest Income (expense), net

7,085

(260

(85

-2825.0

205.9

Other income (expense), net

3,315

(631

(3,377

-625.4

-81.3

Interest income (expense), net consists of interest earned on our cash and equivalents, restricted cash accounts, and short term and long-term time deposits, offset by interest expense incurred
 from outstanding short-term and long-term borrowings. The significant change from the year-ago-period resulted from a much higher balance of cash and equivalents and time deposits together with higher interest rates on these balances, partly
 offset by a higher balance of short-term and long-term borrowings.

Interest income (expense), net, decreased in 2021 compared to 2020, principally as a result of reduced interest income from lower interest rates on reduced cash balances, partly offset by reduced
 interest expenses incurred from short-term and long-term bank loans.

Other income (expense), net primarily reflects (a) gains or losses recognized from the impact of exchange rates on our foreign currency-denominated working-capital transactions and (b)
 depreciation of assets acquired with government subsidies, as described under Government Research and Development Funding above. We realized 3.3 million of other income (expense) in the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 1.7 million
 was due to gains realized from transactions that resulted from changes in the RMB-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate, as compared to a loss of 0.6 million) in the corresponding period in 2021.

Our other income (expense), net was 0.6 million) for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to losses due to the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, and 3.4 million) for the year
 ended December 31, 2020 due primarily to losses due to the effect of exchange rate fluctuations.

77 

Table of Contents 

Realized gain and unrealized loss from trading securities, and equity income in net income of affiliates.

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

Absolute Change 

 2022 v 2021

(in thousands)

Change in fair value of financial liability

-

-

(11,964

-

100 

-

Realized gain from sale of trading securities

1,116

-

-

-

- 

1,116

Unrealized gain (loss) on trading securities

(7,855

607

12,574

-1394.1

-95.2 

(8,462

Equity income in net income of affiliates

4,666

4,637

655

0.6

607.9 

29

We recorded a realized gain from sale of trading securities of 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to a sale of ACM Shanghai s indirect investment in SMIC shares on the STAR
 Market as is described in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

We recorded an unrealized loss on trading securities of 7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to an unrealized gain of 0.7 million for the same period in 2021, due
 primarily to a change in market value of ACM Shanghai s indirect investment in SMIC shares on the STAR Market as is described in note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Equity income in net income of affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2022 was unchanged versus the year ended December 31, 2021. Equity income in net income of affiliates increased by 4.0
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to higher net income from investments in affiliates.

Change in fair value of financial liability was nil for 2021 as compared to 12.0) million for 2020 due to the non-cash, non-operating expense related to transactions as described in note 15.

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(in thousands)

Current:

U.S. federal

(479

(91

(61

U.S. state

(18

(2

(2

Foreign

(11,139

(2,195

(2,014

Total current tax expense

(11,636

(2,288

(2,077

Deferred:

U.S. federal

(10,927

2,089

7,325

U.S. state

8

-

-

Foreign

5,757

65

(2,866

Total deferred tax benefit

(5,162

2,154

4,459

Total income tax benefit (expense)

(16,798

(134

2,382

We recognized a tax expense of 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a tax expense of 0.1 million for the prior year period. The increased tax expense in 2022
 primarily resulted from the tax effect of increased operating profit generated and an increase in our effective income tax rate. The increase in our effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period of
 the prior year was primarily due to a new requirement to capitalize and amortize previously deductible research and experimental expenses resulting from a change in Section 174 made by the TCJA which became effective on January 1, 2022, and a
 decrease in discrete tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation deductions. The capitalization of overseas R D expenses resulted in a significant increase in our global intangible low-taxed income inclusion. Congress is
 considering legislation, but legislation has not passed, that would defer the capitalization requirement to later years.

As we collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret the guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service, and other standard-setting bodies, we may make
 adjustments to the provisional amounts. Those adjustments may materially affect our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made. There were no adjustments made in 2022.

78 

Table of Contents 

Our effective tax rate differs from statutory rates of 21 for U.S. federal income tax purposes and 12.5 to 25 for PRC income tax purposes due to the effects of the valuation allowance and
 certain permanent differences as it pertains to book-tax differences in the treatment of stock-based compensation and non-U.S. research expenses. Our three PRC subsidiaries, ACM Shanghai, ACM Wuxi, and ACM Shengwei, are liable for PRC corporate
 income taxes at the rates of 12.5 , 25 , and 25 , respectively. Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC, our PRC subsidiaries generally would be liable for PRC corporate income taxes at a rate of 25 . According to Guoshuihan 2009
 No. 203, an entity certified as an advanced and new technology enterprise is entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15 . ACM Shanghai was certified as an advanced and new technology enterprise in 2012 and again in 2016, 2018, and
 2021, with an effective period of three years. In 2021, ACM Shanghai was certified as an eligible integrated circuit production enterprise and is entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 12.5 from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022.

We file income tax returns in the United States and state and foreign jurisdictions. Those federal, state and foreign income tax returns are under the statute of limitations subject to tax
 examinations for 2000 through 2021. To the extent we have tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state or foreign tax authorities
 to the extent utilized in a future period.

Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

11,301

5,164

2,897

118.8

78.3

In 2019 ACM Shanghai sold a total number of shares representing 8.3 of its outstanding ACM Shanghai shares, after which ACM Research held the remaining 91.7 of ACM Shanghai s outstanding shares.
 In 2021 ACM Shanghai sold a total number shares representing an additional 10 of its outstanding ACM Shanghai shares in its STAR IPO, after which ACM Research held the remaining 82.5 of ACM Shanghai s outstanding shares. As a result, we
 reflect, the portion of our net income allocable to the minority holders of ACM Shanghai shares as net income attributable to non-controlling interests.

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Foreign currency translation adjustment

(59,102

4,695

10,493

-1358.8

-55.3

We recorded a foreign currency translation adjustment of 59.1 million) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4.7 million for
 2021, based on the net effect of RMB to dollar exchange rate fluctuations for the period on the converted value of ACM Shanghai s RMB-denominated balances to U.S. dollar equivalents. The 2022 amount was especially large due to a significant weakening of the RMB versus the U.S. dollar during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 together
 with a more significant RMB-denominated asset balance in 2022 .

We recorded a foreign currency translation adjustment of 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 10.5 million for 2020, based on the net effect of RMB to dollar exchange
 rate fluctuations for the period on the converted value of ACM Shanghai s RMB-denominated balances to U.S. dollar equivalents. The amount was especially large due to a weakening of the RMB versus the U.S. dollar during the period.

79 

Table of Contents 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Change 
 2021 v 2020

(in thousands)

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

1,854

5,607

6,858

-66.9

-18.2

Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest decreased by 3.8 and 1.3 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, due to change in net income generated from the non-controlling interests as impacted from foreign exchange rate fluctuations.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The following chart depicts our corporate organization as of December 31, 2022:

A detailed description of how cash is transferred through our organization is set forth under Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements of this report.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded our technology development and operations principally through our beginning global cash balances, including the cash balances at ACM Shanghai,
 and borrowings by ACM Shanghai from local financial institutions. Cash and cash equivalents, short-term time deposits and long-term time deposits were 420.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 562.5 million at December 31, 2021. The
 142.1 million decrease was primarily driven by 93.2 million net cash used in investing activities, 62.2 million of cash used by operations, and a 33.6 million decline from the effect of exchange rate on cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash, partly offset by 45.9 million provided by financing activities.

The table below represents the cash and cash equivalents and time deposits as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31,

2022

2021

(In thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents and time deposits:

Cash and cash equivalents

247,951

562,548

Short-term time deposits

70,492

-

Long-term time deposits

101,956

-

Total

420,399

562,548

Our future working capital needs beyond the next twelve months will depend on many factors, including the rate of our business and revenue growth, the payment schedules of our customers, the
 timing and magnitude of our capital expenditures, and the timing of investment in our research and development as well as sales and marketing. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term time deposits, our
 cash flow from operating activities, and bank borrowings by ACM Shanghai will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs within our longer-term planning horizon.

80 

Table of Contents 

ACM Shanghai has historically participated in certain PRC government-sponsored grant and subsidy programs, as described under Key Components of Results of Operations PRC Government Research and
 Development Funding and Contractual Obligations and we expect that ACM Shanghai will continue to take advantage of these programs when they are available and fit with our business strategy. ACM Shanghai generally applies for these grants
 and subsidies through the applicable PRC government agency s defined processes. Periodically, the public relations department researches the availability of these grants and subsidies through the PRC government agencies with whom ACM Shanghai
 files business surveys and taxes. Management of ACM Shanghai then assesses which grants and subsidies for which ACM Shanghai may be eligible and submits the relevant application. The decision to award the grant to ACM Shanghai is made by the
 relevant PRC government agencies based on suitability and the merits of the application. Neither ACM Research, nor ACM Shanghai or any of our other subsidiaries, has any direct relationship with any PRC government agency, and our anticipated
 cash needs for the next twelve months neither anticipate, nor require, receipt of any PRC government grants or subsidies.

To the extent our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities and short-term bank borrowings are insufficient to fund our future activities in accordance with our strategic
 plan, we may determine to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings or additional bank credit arrangements. We also may need to raise additional funds in the event we determine in the future to effect one or
 more acquisitions of businesses, technologies and products. If additional funding is necessary or desirable, we may not be able to obtain bank credit arrangements or to affect an equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Restrictions under PRC laws and regulations as well as restrictions under ACM Shanghai s bank loan agreements, may significantly restrict ACM Shanghai s ability to transfer a portion of ACM
 Shanghai s net assets to ACM Research, other subsidiaries of ACM Research and to holders of ACM Research Class A common stock. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory Risks The PRC s currency exchange control and government restrictions on
 investment repatriation may impact our ability to transfer funds outside of the PRC, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business, otherwise fund and conduct
 our business, or pay dividends on our common stock. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, with the exception of sales and services-related transfer-pricing payments in the ordinary course of business, no transfers, dividends, or
 distributions have been made between ACM Research, and its subsidiaries, including ACM Shanghai, or to holders of ACM Research Class A common stock.

Our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 were held for working capital purposes and other potential investments. ACM Shanghai, our only
 direct PRC subsidiary, is, however, subject to PRC restrictions on distributions to equity holders. The use of proceeds raised by the STAR Market IPO, without further approvals, are limited to specific usage. We currently intend for ACM
 Shanghai to retain all available funds from any future earnings for use in the operation of its business and do not anticipate it paying any cash dividends. Our accounts
 receivable balance fluctuates from period to period, which affects our cash flow from operating activities. Fluctuations vary depending on cash collections, client mix, and the timing of shipment and acceptance of our tools.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support the operation of and to finance the growth and
 development of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Cash Flow Used in Operating Activities. Net cash used by operations of 62.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted
 of:

81 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(In thousands)

Net Income

50,564

42,921

21,677

(Gain) l oss on disposals of property plant and equipment 

(12

-

25

Depreciation and amortization

5,366

2,353

1,055

Realized gain on trading securities

(1,116

-

-

Equity income in net income of affiliates

(4,666

(4,637

(655

Unrealized loss (gain) on trading securities

7,855

(607

(12,574

Deferred income taxes

4,027

(1,840

(4,085

Stock-based compensation

7,730

5,117

5,628

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities:

(131,942

(83,400

(24,618

Net cash flow used in operating activities

(62,194

(40,093

(13,547

Significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts during the
 year-ended December 31, 2022 included the following uses of cash: increases of inventories of 193.3 million (Note 5), and an increase of accounts receivable of 88.7 million (Note 4). As described under Key Components of
 Results of Operations PRC Government Research and Development Funding, ACM Shanghai has received research and development grants from local and central PRC governmental authorities. ACM Shanghai received 0.1 million of payments related to such grants in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash receipts of 5.2 million in the same period of 2021.

The uses of cash are offset by the following significant sources of cash: an increase in advances from customers of 104.3 (Note 3), an increase in other payables and accrued expenses of 23.4
 million, and an increase in accounts payable of 17.5 million.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities. Net cash used for investing activities, excluding net cash used to purchase time deposits, for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 was 93.2 million, primarily consisting of 91.1 million purchase of property and equipment.

Cash Flow from Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 was 45.9 million, primarily consisting of 44.6 million net proceeds from short and long-term borrowings, and 1.3 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options.

82 

Table of Contents 

ACM Shanghai, together with its subsidiaries, has short-term and long-term borrowings with five banks, as follows:

Lender

Agreement Date

Maturity Date

Annual 
 Interest Rate

Maximum Borrowing

 Amount(1)

Amount Outstanding 
 at December 31, 2022

(in thousands)

China Everbright Bank

July 2021

December 2023

3.00 ~3.60 

RMB150,000

RMB150,000

21,540

21,540

Bank of Communications

August 2022

September 2023

3.50 ~3.60 

RMB100,000

RMB100,000

14,360

14,360

Bank of China

August 2022

August 2023

3.15

RMB40,000

RMB40,000

5,744

5,744

China Merchants Bank

October 2021

September 2023

3.50

RMB100,000

RMB100,000

14,360

14,360.00

China Merchants Bank

November 2020

Repayable by installments and the last installments repay a ble in
 November 2030

3.95

RMB128,500

RMB106,303

18,453

15,265

Bank of China

June 2021

Repayable by installments and the last installments repay a ble in
 June 2024

2.60

RMB10,000

RMB8,500

1,436

1,221

Bank of China

September, 2021

Repayable by installments and the last installments repay a ble in
 September 2021

2.60

RMB35,000

RMB31,500

5,026

4,523

80,919

77,013

(1) 

Converted from RMB to dollars as of December 31, 2022. All of the amounts owing under the line of credit with Bank of Shanghai Pudong Branch are guaranteed by CleanChip Technologies LTD, a wholly owned
 subsidiary of ACM Shanghai. The loan from China Merchants Bank is secured by a pledge of the property of ACM Shengwei and guaranteed by ACM Shanghai, as described above under Contractual Obligations. 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash. The impact of fluctuations of the RMB to U.S. dollar currency exchange rate on a significant balance of our cash, and cash equivalents held in RMB-denominated accounts (Note 2) contributed to a
 33.8 million decline in the value of these items during the year ended December 31, 2022 .

Contractual Obligations

Grant Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right in Shanghai City 

In 2020 ACM Shanghai, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ACM Shengwei, entered into a Grant Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right in Shanghai City (Category of R D Headquarters
 and Industrial Projects), or the Grant Agreement, with the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Lin-gang Special Area Administration, or the Grantor. ACM Shengwei obtained rights to use approximately 43,000 square meters (10.6 acres) of land
 in the Lingang Heavy Equipment Industrial Zone of Lin-gang Special Area of China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, or the Land Use Right, for a period of fifty years, commencing on the date of delivery of the land in July 2020, which we refer
 to as the Delivery Date.

83 

Table of Contents 

In exchange for its land use rights, ACM Shengwei paid aggregate grant fees of RMB 61.7 million 9.5 million), or the Grant Fees, and a performance deposit of RMB 12.3 million 1.9 million),
 which is equal to 20 of the aggregate Grant Fees, to secure its achievement of the following performance milestones:

the start of construction within 6 months after the Delivery Date (60 of the performance deposit), or Construction Start Milestone;

the completion of construction within 30 months after the Delivery Date (20 of the performance deposit), or Construction Completion Milestone; and

the start of production within 42 months after the Delivery Date (20 of the performance deposit), or Production Start Milestone.

Upon satisfaction of a milestone, the portion of the performance deposit attributable to that milestone will be repayable to ACM Shengwei within ten business days. If the achievement of any of the
 above milestones is delayed or abandoned, ACM Shengwei may be subject to additional penalties and may lose its rights to both the use of the granted land and any partially completed facilities on that land.

The status of the performance milestones for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:

ACM Shengwei achieved the Construction Start Milestone and 60 of the performance deposit was refunded to ACM Shanghai in 2020.

The Construction Completion Milestone was originally required to be met prior to January 9, 2023. Due to COVID-19 related restrictions, ACM Shengwei has experienced delays and did not meet the milestone. In
 December 2022, prior to the deadline, ACM filed a request for a six-month extension, which was granted, and thus such milestone was extended until July 9, 2023. ACM Shengwei expects to receive a new grant agreement, Version 3.0, by the
 end of March 2023. ACM Shengwei expects it will reach the Construction Completion Milestone on or before the extended deadline. We cannot guarantee the new extension will be met or that ACM Shengwei will be refunded this 20 portion of
 the performance deposit.

Contractual penalties in the case of a delay of Construction Completion Milestone :

o 

If ACM Shengwei fails to complete the construction pursuant to the date agreed under the Grant Agreement or any extended completion date approved by the Grantor, ACM Shengwei shall pay 50 of the deposit for
 timely completion of construction as liquidated damages;

o 

If ACM Shengwei delays the completion for more than six months beyond the date agreed under the Grant Agreement, or beyond any extended completion date approved by the Grantor, it shall pay the total deposit
 for timely completion of construction as liquidated damages.

o 

If the delay is more than one year, the Grantor is entitled to terminate the Grant Agreement and take back the Land Use Right. In such case, the Grantor shall refund the Grant Fees for the remaining land use
 term after deducting the deposit agreed under the Grant Agreement and refund the deposit for timely commencement of production and relevant bank interests in full to ACM Shengwei.

The Production Start Milestone was originally required to be met prior to January 9, 2024. In December 2022, due to COVID-related delays, ACM filed a request for a six-month extension, which was granted, and
 thus such milestone was extended until July 9, 2024. ACM Shengwei expects to receive a new grant agreement, Version 3.0, by the end of March 2023. We cannot guarantee the extension will be met or that ACM Shengwei will be refunded this
 20 portion of the performance deposit.

Contractual penalties in the case of a delay of Production Start Milestone :

o 

If ACM Shengwei fails to commence production pursuant to the date agreed under the Grant Agreement or any extended commencement date approved by the Grantor, ACM Shengwei shall pay the total deposit for timely
 commencement of production as liquidated damages;

o 

If ACM Shengwei fails to commence production pursuant to the extended commencement of production date, the Grantor is entitled to terminate the Grant Agreement and take back the Land Use Right. In such case,
 the Grantor shall refund the Grant Fees for the remaining land use term after deducting the deposit agreed under the Grant Agreement to ACM Shengwei.

84 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the milestones, covenants in the Grant Agreement require that, among other things, ACM Shengwei will be required to pay liquidated damages in the event that:

(a) it does not make a total investment (including the costs of construction, fixtures, equipment and grant fees) of at least RMB 450.0 million 63.4 million). ACM Shengwei shall pay the
 liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of the Grant Fees as the proportion of the actual shortfall amount of investment in the total agreed investment amount or the investment intensity.

(b) within six years after the Delivery Date, or prior to July 9, 2026, it does not (i) generate a minimum specified amount of annual sales of products manufactured on the granted land or (ii)
 pay to the PRC at least RMB 157.6 million 22.2 million) in annual total taxes (including value-added taxes, corporate income tax, personal income taxes, urban maintenance and construction taxes, education surcharges, stamp taxes, and vehicle
 and shipping taxes) as a result of operations in connection with the granted land.

If the total tax revenue of the project fails to reach but is no less than 80 of the standard agreed under the Grant Agreement, ACM Shengwei shall pay 20 of the actual shortfall amount of the
 tax revenue as liquidated damages. If the total tax revenue of the project fails to reach 80 of the standard agreed under the Grant Agreement within 1 month after the agreed date of reaching target production, the Grantor is entitled to
 terminate the Grant Agreement, take back the Land Use Right, and shall refund the Grant Fees for the remaining land use term to ACM Shengwei.

If the Grant Agreement is terminated because of breach of any terms above, the Grantor shall take back the buildings, fixtures and auxiliary facilities on the land area and provide ACM Shengwei
 with corresponding compensation according to the residual value of the buildings, fixtures and auxiliary facilities when they are taken back. The total cumulative investment of land, buildings and construction in progress related to ACM
 Shengwei amounted to 35.4 million and 13.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

How We Evaluate Our Operations

We present information below with respect to four measures of financial performance:

We define shipments of tools to include (a) a repeat delivery to a customer of a type of tool that the customer has previously accepted, for which we recognize revenue upon delivery, and (b) a first-time 
 delivery of a first tool to a customer on an approval basis, for which we may recognize revenue in the future if contractual conditions are met, or if a purchase order is received.

We define adjusted EBITDA as net income excluding interest expense (net), income tax benefit (expense), depreciation and amortization, unrealized (gain) loss on trading securities, and stock-based
 compensation. We define adjusted EBITDA to also exclude restructuring costs, although we have not incurred any such costs to date.

We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment (net of proceeds from disposals).

We define adjusted operating income (loss) as our income (loss) from operations excluding stock-based compensation.

These financial measures are not based on any standardized methodologies prescribed by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, and are not necessarily comparable to
 similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

We have presented shipments, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and adjusted operating income (loss) because they are key measures used by our management and board of directors to understand and
 evaluate our operating performance, to establish budgets and to develop operational goals for managing our business. We believe that these financial measures help identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be masked by the
 effect of the expenses that we exclude. In particular, we believe that the exclusion of the expenses eliminated in calculating adjusted EBITDA and adjusted operating income (loss) can provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of
 our core operating performance and that the exclusion of property and equipment purchases from operating cash flow can provide a usual means to gauge our capability to generate cash. Accordingly, we believe that these financial measures provide
 useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results, enhancing the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allowing for greater transparency with respect to key
 financial metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making.

85 

Table of Contents 

Shipments, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow and adjusted operating income (loss) are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to,
 measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Shipments

We consider shipments a key operating metric as it reflects the total value of products delivered to customers and prospective customers by our productive assets.

Shipments consist of two components:

a shipment to a customer of a type of tool that the customer has previously accepted, for which we recognize revenue when the tool is delivered; and

a shipment to a customer of a type of tool that the customer is receiving and evaluating for the first time, in each case a first tool, for which we may recognize revenue at a later date, subject to the
 customer s acceptance of the tool upon the tool s satisfaction of applicable contractual requirements or subject to the costumer s subsequent discretionary commitment to purchase the tool.

First tool shipments can be made to either an existing customer that has not previously accepted that specific type of tool in the past for example, a delivery of a SAPS V tool to a customer
 that previously had received only SAPS II tools or to a new customer that has never purchased any tool from us.

Shipments for the year s ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 totaled
 539 million, 372 million, and 182 million, respectively. Repeat tool shipments in the year s ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 288 million, 210 million
 and 121 million , respectively. First tool shipments for the year s ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
 2020 totaled 251 million, 162 million, and 62 million , respectively.

The dollar amount attributed to a first tool shipment is equal to the consideration we expect to receive if any and all contractual requirements are satisfied and the customer accepts the tool,
 or if the customer subsequently determines in its discretion to purchase the tool. There are a number of limitations related to the use of shipments in evaluating our business, including that customers have significant, or in some cases total,
 discretion in determining whether to accept or purchase our tools after evaluation and their decision not to accept or purchase delivered tools is likely to result in our inability to recognize revenue from the delivered tools. First tool 
 shipments reflect the value of incremental new products under evaluation delivered to our customers or prospective customers for a given period and is used as an internal key metric to reflect future potential revenue opportunity. The
 cumulative cost of first tool shipments under evaluation at customers which have not been accepted by the customer is carried at cost and reflected in finished goods inventory (see note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements
 included in this report). First tool shipments exclude deliveries to customers for which ACM does not have a basis to expect future revenue.

Adjusted EBITDA

There are a number of limitations related to the use of adjusted EBITDA rather than net income (loss), which is the nearest GAAP equivalent. Some of these limitations are:

adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated or amortized may have to be replaced in the future;

we exclude stock-based compensation expense from adjusted EBITDA and adjusted operating income (loss), although (a) it has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring
 expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy and (b) if we did not pay out a portion of our compensation in the form of stock-based compensation, the cash salary expense included in operating expenses
 would be higher, which would affect our cash position;

86 

Table of Contents 

the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from adjusted EBITDA when they report
 their operating results;

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs;

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on debt;

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax expense (benefit) or the cash requirements to pay taxes;

adjusted EBITDA does not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;

although depreciation and amortization charges are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash
 requirements for such replacements; and

adjusted EBITDA includes expense reductions and non-operating other income attributable to PRC governmental grants, which may mask the effect of underlying developments in net income, including trends in
 current expenses and interest expense, and free cash flow includes the PRC governmental grants, the amount and timing of which can be difficult to predict and are outside our control.

The following table reconciles net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Absolute 

 Change 2022 v 

 2021

(in thousands)

Adjusted EBITDA Data:

Net Income

50,564

42,921

21,677

17.8

7,643

Interest expense (income), net

(7,085

260

85

-2825.0

(7,345

Income tax expense (benefit)

16,798

134

(2,382

12435.8

16,664

Depreciation and amortization

5,366

2,353

1,055

128.0

3,013

Stock based compensation

7,730

5,117

5,628

51.1

2,613

Change in fair value of financial liability

-

-

11,964

-

-

Unrealized (gain) loss on trading securities

7,855

(607

(12,574

-1394.1

8,462

Adjusted EBITDA

81,228

50,178

25,453

61.9

31,050

The 31.0 million increase in adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected
 higher income tax expense, an increase in unrealized loss on trading securities, an increase in net income, an increase in stock-based compensation, and an increase in
 depreciation and amortization, partly offset by a negative impact from an increase in interest income, net.

We do not exclude from adjusted EBITDA expense reductions and non-operating other income attributable to PRC governmental grants because we consider and incorporate the expected amounts and timing
 of those grants in incurring expenses and capital expenditures. If we did not receive the grants, our cash expenses therefore would be lower, and our cash position would not be affected, to the extent we have accurately anticipated the amounts
 of the grants. For additional information regarding our PRC grants, please see Key Components of Results of Operations PRC Government Research and Development Funding. 

87 

Table of Contents 

Free Cash Flow

The following table reconciles net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, to free cash flow:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Change 
 2022 v 2021

Absolute 

 Change 2022 v 

 2021

(in thousands)

Free Cash Flow Data:

Net cash used in operating activities

(62,194

(40,093

(13,547

55.1

(22,101

Purchase of property and equipment

(91,094

(9,153

(5,211

895.2

(81,941

Purchase of land-use-right

-

-

(9,744

-

-

Prepayment for property

-

-

(40,206

-

-

Purchase of trading securities

(4,279

-

(15,020

-

(4,279

Free cash flow

(157,567

(49,246

(83,728

220.0

(108,321

The changes in free cash flow for the year s ended December 31, 2022, 2021
 and 2020 reflected the factors driving net cash used in operating activities, and an increase of purchases of property and equipment. Consistent with our methodology for calculating adjusted EBITDA, we do not adjust free cash flow for the
 effects of PRC government subsidies, because we take those subsidies into account in incurring expenses and capital expenditures. We do not adjust free cash flow for the effects of time-deposits, which for our internal purposes are considered
 as largely similar to cash.

Adjusted Operating Income

Adjusted operating income excludes stock-based compensation from income from operations. Although stock-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees and
 executives, determining the fair value of certain of the stock-based instruments we utilize involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and the expense recorded may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the vesting or
 future exercise of the related stock-based awards. Furthermore, unlike cash compensation, the value of stock options, which is an element of our ongoing stock-based compensation expense, is determined using a complex formula that incorporates
 factors, such as market volatility, that are beyond our control. Management believes it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation in order to better understand the long-term performance of our core business and to facilitate comparison of
 our results to those of peer companies. The use of non-GAAP financial measures excluding stock-based compensation has limitations. If we did not pay out a portion of our compensation in the form of stock-based compensation, the cash salary
 expense included in operating expenses would be higher and our cash holdings would be less. The following tables reflect the exclusion of stock-based compensation, or SBC, from line items comprising income from operations:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Actual 
 (GAAP)

SBC

Adjusted 
 (Non-GAAP)

Actual 
 (GAAP)

SBC

Adjusted 
 (Non-GAAP)

Actual 
 (GAAP)

SBC

Adjusted 
 (Non-GAAP)

(in thousands)

Revenue

388,832

-

388,832

259,751

-

259,751

156,624

-

156,624

Cost of revenue

(205,217

(520

(204,697

(144,895

(397

(144,498

(87,025

(175

(86,850

Gross profit

183,615

(520

184,135

114,856

(397

115,253

69,599

(175

69,774

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

(39,889

(1,877

(38,012

(26,733

(1,802

(24,931

(16,773

(1,199

(15,574

Research and development

(62,226

(2,565

(59,661

(34,207

(1,115

(33,092

(19,119

(763

(18,356

General and administrative

(22,465

(2,768

(19,697

(15,214

(1,803

(13,411

(12,215

(3,491

(8,724

Income (loss) from operations

59,035

(7,730

66,765

38,702

(5,117

43,819

21,492

(5,628

27,120

88 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021, increased due to a 20.3 million increase in income from operations partially offset by a 2.6 million increase in stock-based
 compensation expense. Adjusted operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to December 31, 2020 reflected an increase in operating income of 17.2 
 million and a decrease in stock-based compensation of 0 .5 million.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

As a result of our operating, investing and financing activities, we are exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. We are also exposed to credit
 risk as a result of our normal business activities.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency, while the functional currency of our subsidiaries in the PRC is RMB, and the functional
 currency of our subsidiary in South Korea is the South Korean Won, or the KRW. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rate prevailing at the date of the transactions. Any difference between the
 initially recorded amount and the settlement amount is recorded as a gain or loss on foreign currency transaction in our consolidated statements of operations. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated
 at the functional currency rate of exchange as of the date of a consolidated balance sheet. Any difference is recorded as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the appropriate consolidated statement of operations. In accordance
 with ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters , we translate the assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars from RMB using the rate of exchange prevailing at the applicable balance sheet date and the
 consolidated statements of operations and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting period. Adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded in stockholders equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive
 income.

The majority of our business is conducted through our ACM Shanghai subsidiary that manufactures and sells our products in various global markets, and we also have operations in South Korea, the
 Taiwan Region, the United States, and other countries. We sell the majority of our products in transactions denominated in U.S. dollars; however, we purchase raw materials, pay wages, and make payments to our supply chain in foreign
 currencies, primarily RMB, and also the KRW. As a result, our earnings, cash flows and cash balances are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, because of our significant manufacturing operations in the PRC,
 a weakening RMB is advantageous and a strengthening RMB is disadvantageous to our financial results. At this time, we have not established a formal hedging policy to attempt to reduce the inherent risks of potential currency fluctuations on
 our global operations. We report the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations in the other income (expense) line item of our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income statements. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the effect of
 fluctuations of foreign currencies contributed realized gains (losses) of 1.7 million, 0.6 million) and 4.4 million), respectively.

The PRC government imposes significant exchange restrictions on fund transfers out of the PRC that are not related to business operations. To date these restrictions have not had a material
 impact on us because we have not engaged in any significant transactions that are subject to the restrictions.

Interest Rate Risk

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the balance of our short term bank borrowings (see note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. ), mature at various dates within the following year and d o not expose us to
 interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of our long-term borrowings (see note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. carries a
 fixed interest rated and we may be exposed to fair value interest rate risk.

We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We identify risk
 exposures and monitor and manage such risks on an ongoing basis.

89 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements

90 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID# 32 

91 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID# 1818 

95

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021

97

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

98

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

99

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

100 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

101 

90 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and

Stockholders of ACM Research, Inc.

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of ACM Research, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the
 related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and
 the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 1, 2023 , expressed an adverse opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
 applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
 financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
 Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
 basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on
 the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Revenue Recognition

As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company derives revenue principally from the sale of semiconductor
 equipment. Revenue from the sale of semiconductor equipment is recognized when the Company satisfies performance obligations by transferring the control over products promised in the contract with customer, which is the point in time when the
 equipment has been demonstrated to meet the customer s predetermined specifications and is accepted by the customer. For repeat orders, the Company recognizes revenue upon shipment or delivery, and when legal title to the semiconductor equipment is
 passed to a customer. For first tool orders, the Company recognizes revenue upon customer acceptance. These revenue contracts contain multiple performance obligations, such as delivery of goods, installation, training and software updates. Once
 these performance obligations are identified, the total contract consideration, including offer of free goods that can be used towards future purchases, is allocated to the performance obligations.

91 

Table of Contents 

We identified the evaluation of performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition of those performance obligations as a critical audit
 matter because the Company s revenue contracts have a variety of specifications, payment terms and customer acceptance clauses. Significant judgement is applied by the Company regarding the identified performance obligations in distinguishing the
 contract consideration of the systems to be delivered. Auditing the allocation of the total contract consideration to these performance obligations and evaluating customer acceptance clauses involves especially challenging auditor judgment in
 evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s revenue recognition of various contracts.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over revenue recognition including management s controls related to the identification and evaluation
 of performance obligations in contracts with customers and the allocation of the total contract consideration to these performance obligations, and assessment of contract terms

Evaluated management s accounting policies and practices including the reasonableness of management s judgments and assumptions relating to the timing of
 revenue recognition of those performance obligations including evaluation of customer acceptance clauses

Tested a sample of revenue contracts and underlying support documents to evaluate appropriateness of management s revenue recognition

Tested the completeness and accuracy of management s calculation of revenue and associated timing of revenue recognized

Valuation of Inventories

As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value.
 Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management s estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual demand were to be substantially
 lower than estimated, there could be a significant adverse impact on the carrying value of inventories and results of operations.

We identified the evaluation of net realizable value write down adjustments to certain inventories for excess or obsolescence as a critical audit
 matter. Auditing management s estimates for excess and obsolete inventory involved subjective auditor judgment because management s assessment of whether a write down is required, and the measurement of any excess of cost over net realizable value,
 is judgmental and considers a number of qualitative factors that are affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company s control.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over management s assessment of inventory valuation, including the development of
 management s assumptions related to future demand and market condition

Evaluated the significant assumptions (e.g., forecasts related to the Company s future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market
 obsolescence, and possible alternative uses) and the underlying data used in management s excess and obsolete inventory valuation assessment

Evaluated certain inventories for excess or obsolescence by comparing the Company s sales and inventory consumption forecast to historical sales, historical
 inventory usage and known customer orders

Tested the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in calculating the inventory valuation assessment related to the provisions for excess or
 obsolescence

Impact on Consolidated Financial Statements of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Reporting - Refer to Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Critical Audit Matter Description

As discussed in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, the Company identified material weaknesses in certain components
 of the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. These material weaknesses contribute to the potential for there to have been material
 accounting errors in substantially all consolidated financial statement account balances and disclosures, and result in a critical audit matter that required us to increase the extent of our audit effort, including the need to modify the nature,
 timing, and extent of our audit procedures.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

As a result of the material weaknesses, in performing our audit procedures we lowered the threshold for investigating differences between recorded
 amounts and independent expectations developed by us that we would have otherwise used, and increased the number of selections we would have otherwise made if the Company s controls were designed and operating effectively.

Armanino LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022.

San Ramon, California

March 1, 2023

92 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of ACM Research, Inc.

Adverse Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited ACM Research, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In
 our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described in the following paragraphs on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
 reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s
 assessment.

The Company did not design and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the COSO
 framework. Specifically, control deficiencies constituted material weaknesses, either individually or in the aggregate, related to:

1)

risk assessment procedures and monitoring activities, including insufficient identification and assessment of risks impacting the design,
 implementation, and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and insufficient evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control were present and functioning . 

2)

information technology controls related to: (i) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user
 and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate Company personnel; (ii) computer operations controls to ensure that critical information is monitored, and data backups are authorized and monitored; (iii)
 appropriate controls to evaluate automated controls; and (iv) appropriate controls to validate the completeness and accuracy of key reports used within controls across substantially all financial statement areas.

These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated
 financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023, on those consolidated financial statements. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
 States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash
 flows of the Company, and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to
 express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
 federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
 financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we
 considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

93 

Table of Contents 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
 preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
 company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Armanino LLP

San Ramon, California

March 1, 2023

94 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To The Shareholders and Board of Directors

ACM Research, Inc.

Fremont, California

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of ACM Research, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related
 consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
 two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
 in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

95 

Table of Contents 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
 or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP

We served as the Company s auditor from 2015 to 2022. 

Shenzhen, The People s Republic of China

March 1, 2022, except for the effects of the common stock split
 discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is March 1, 2023.

96 

Table of Contents 

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash 

Short-term time deposits (note 2) 

Trading securities (note 16)

Accounts receivable (note 4)

Income tax receivable 

Other receivables

Inventories (note 5)

Advances to related party (note 17) 

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net (note 6)

Land use right, net (note 7)

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net (note 11)

Intangible assets, net

Long-term time deposits (note 2) 

Deferred tax assets (note 20) 

Long-term investments (note 14)

Other long-term assets (note 8)

Total assets

Liabilities and Equity

Current liabilities:

Short-term borrowings (note 9)

Current portion of long-term borrowings (note 12)

Related party accounts payable (note 17) 

Accounts payable

Advances from customers

Deferred revenue

Income taxes payable (note 20)

FIN-48 payable (note 20)

Other payables and accrued expenses (note 10)

Current portion of operating lease liability (note 11)

Total current liabilities

Long-term borrowings (note 12)

Long-term operating lease liability (note 11)

Deferred tax liability (note 20)

Other long-term liabilities (note 13)

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (note 21)

Equity : 

Stockholders equity:

Class A Common stock (1) (note 18)

Class B Common stock (1) (note 18)

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Statutory surplus reserve (note 23) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Total ACM Research, Inc. stockholders equity

Non-controlling interests

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

(1) -for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in March 2022. See Note 2 for details. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

97 

Table of Contents 

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

(In thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020 

Revenue (note 3)

Cost of revenue

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing

Research and development

General and administrative

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations

Interest income

Interest expense

Change in fair value of financial liability

Realized gain from sale of trading securities 

Unrealized gain (loss) on trading securities

Other income (expense), net

Equity income in net income of affiliates

Income before income taxes

Income tax benefit (expense) (note 20)

Net income

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

Net income attributable to ACM Research, Inc.

Comprehensive income (loss):

Net income

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to ACM Research, Inc.

Net income attributable to ACM Research, Inc. per common share (note 2):

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing per share amounts (note 2):

Basic (1) 

Diluted (1) 

(1) -for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in March 2022. See Note 2 for details. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

98 

Table of Contents 

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity

(In thousands, except per share data)

Common

Common

Stock Class A

Stock Class B

Shares (1)

Amount

Shares (1)

Amount

Additional Paid-

 in Capital

Retained earnings

Statutory Surplus

 Reserve

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive

 Income

Non-controlling interests

Total Equity

Balance at December 31, 2019

Net income

-

-

Appropriation to statutory surplus reserves 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

-

Exercise of stock options

Stock-based compensation

-

-

Conversion of class B common shares to Class A common shares

Share cancellation (note 16)

Issuance of warrants (note 16)

-

-

Exercise of stock warrants

Reclassification of redeemable non-controlling interest

-

-

Balance at December 31, 2020

Net income

-

-

Appropriation to statutory surplus reserves 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

-

Exercise of stock options

Stock-based compensation

-

-

Exercise of stock warrants

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock

Proceeds from a subsidiary equity issuance, net of issuance costs

Balance at December 31, 2021

Net income

-

-

Appropriation to statutory surplus reserves 

- 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

-

Exercise of stock options

Stock-based compensation

-

-

Conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock

Balance at December 31, 2022

(1)

-for-one

stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in March 2022. See Note 2 for details. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

99 

Table of Contents 

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(In thousands)

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income from operations to net cash used in operating activities

Depreciation and amortization

Loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment

Realized gain on trading securities

Equity income in net income of affiliates

Unrealized loss (gain) on trading securities

Deferred income taxes

Stock-based compensation

Change in fair value of financial liability

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Income tax recoverable

Other receivables

Inventories

Advances to related party (note 17)

Prepaid expenses

Other long-term assets

Related party accounts payable (note 17)

Accounts payable

Advances from customers

Deferred revenue

Income taxes payable

FIN-48 payable

Other payables and accrued expenses

Other long-term liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment

Purchase of intangible assets

Purchase of land-use-right

Purchase of trading securities

Prepayment for property

Increase of time deposits

Proceeds from selling trading securities

Investments in affiliates

Dividends from unconsolidated affiliates

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from short-term borrowings

Repayments of short-term borrowings

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

Repayments of long-term borrowings

Repayments of notes payable

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Proceeds from a subsidiary equity issuance, net of issuance costs

Proceeds from warrant exercise to common stock

Net cash provided by financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Interest paid, net of capitalized interest

Cash paid for income taxes

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in consolidated statements of cash flows:

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Non-cash financing activities:

Warrant conversion to common stock

Share cancellation

Cashless exercise of stock options

Issuance of warrant for settlement of financial liability and cancellation of note receivable

Non-cash investing activities:

Transfer of prepayment for property to property, plant and equipment

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

100 

Table of Contents 

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

of ACM Shanghai s
 equity interests held by Shanghai Science and Technology Venture Capital Co., Ltd. On November 8, 2017, ACM purchased the remaining 
 of ACM Shanghai s equity interest held by third parties, Shanghai Pudong High-Tech Investment Co., Ltd. PDHTI and Shanghai Zhangjiang Science Technology Venture Capital Co., Ltd. ZSTVC ). At December 31, 2017, ACM owned all of the
 outstanding equity interests of ACM Shanghai, and indirectly through ACM Shanghai, owned all of the outstanding equity interests of ACM Wuxi.

101 

Table of Contents 

reverse stock split of Class A and Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, all share numbers, per share amount, share prices, exercise prices and conversion rates set forth in these notes and the accompanying consolidated financial
 statements have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the reverse stock split.

a listing (the STAR Listing of shares of ACM Shanghai on the Shanghai Stock Exchange s new Sci-Tech innovAtion boaRd, known as the STAR Market, and a concurrent initial public offering (the STAR IPO of ACM Shanghai shares in the PRC. ACM
 Shanghai is currently ACM s primary operating subsidiary, and at the time of announcement, was wholly owned by ACM. To meet a STAR Listing requirement that it have multiple independent stockholders in the PRC, ACM Shanghai completed private
 placements of its shares in June and November 2019, following which, as of September 30, 2020, the private placement investors held a total of 
 of the outstanding shares of ACM Shanghai and ACM Research held the remaining . As part of the STAR Listing process, in June 2020 the
 ownership interests held by the private investors were reclassified from redeemable non-controlling interests to non-controlling interests as the redemption feature was terminated.

. The reorganization and sale had no impact on ACM s consolidated financial statements.

shares, representing 
 of the total shares outstanding after the issuance. The shares were issued at a public offering price of RMB per share, and the net proceeds of the STAR IPO, after issuance costs, totaled . Upon completion of the STAR IPO, ACM owned of the
 outstanding ACM Shanghai shares.

-for-1 stock split of Class A and Class B common stock effected in the form
 of a stock dividend (the Stock Split ). Each stockholder of record at the close of business on March 16, 2022, received a dividend of two additional shares of Class A common stock for each then-held share of Class A common stock and additional shares of Class B common stock for each then-held share of Class B common stock, which were distributed after the close of
 trading on March 23, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, all share numbers, per share amount, share prices, exercise prices and conversion rates set forth in these notes and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been adjusted
 retrospectively to reflect the Stock Split. 

102 

Table of Contents 

103 

Table of Contents 

tools amounting to million in revenue and million in shipments that could not
 be shipped to customers in the three-months ended March 31, 2022 were subsequently shipped in the three months ended June 30, 2022. As a result of the restrictions, the Company experienced a modest increase to operational costs due to increased
 logistics costs and inefficiencies that resulted from the restrictions, and an increase in cash used in operations due in part to an increase in accounts receivables that resulted from a shift of shipments towards the latter part of the period . 

104 

Table of Contents 

105 

Table of Contents 

Mainland China

China Hong Kong

South Korea

Singapore

Total

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

million and for services was million. ACM California periodically borrows funds for working capital advances from its direct parent, CleanChip. ACM California repays or renews these intercompany loans
 in accordance with their terms.

106 

Table of Contents 

with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in China Everbright Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in China Everbright Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in China Industrial Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in China Merchant Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Bank of Ningbo which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

Deposit in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank which matures on with an annual interest rate of 

107 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively.

.

years expiring in 2070, for which an upfront lump-sum payment was made during the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company classifies the land use right as non-current assets
 on the consolidated balance sheets (note 7).

years.

of completion.

impairment charge that was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

108 

Table of Contents 

years 

Computer and office equipment

to years

Furniture and fixtures

years

Leasehold improvements

shorter of lease term or estimated useful life

Electronic equipment 

 to years 

Manufacturing equipment 

 for small to medium-sized equipment, to years; for large equipment, 
 estimated by purchasing department at time of acceptance 

Transportation equipment 

 to years 

years or less, and accordingly, they are amortized up to 
 years. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was impairment charge that was recognized.

109 

Table of Contents 

110 

Table of Contents 

performance obligation, based on stand-alone observable selling prices for which it receives payments in advance and recognizes the revenue upon the subsequent shipment
 of the spare parts, which is expected within one year. The deferred revenue for spare parts was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

111 

Table of Contents 

, , and , respectively.

to months and covering replacement of the product during the
 warranty period. The Company accounts for the estimated warranty costs as sales and marketing expenses at the time revenue is recognized. Warranty obligations are affected by historical failure rates and associated replacement costs. Utilizing
 historical warranty cost records, the Company calculates a rate of warranty expenses to revenue to determine the estimated warranty charge. The Company updates these estimated charges on a regular basis. Warranty obligations are included in other payables and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Additions

Utilized

Balance at end of period

special government
 grants. The first grant, which was awarded in 2008, relates to the development and commercialization of 65nm to 45nm stress-free polishing technology. The second grant was awarded in 2009 to fund interest expense on short-term borrowings. The third
 grant was made in 2014 and relates to the development of electro copper-plating technology. The fourth grant was made in June 2018 and relates to the development of polytetrafluoroethylene. The fifth grant was made in 2020 and relates to the
 development of Tahoe single bench cleaning technologies. As of December 31, 2022, the fourth and fifth grants had been fully utilized. The sixth grant was made in 2020 and relates to the development of other cleaning technologies. The seventh grant
 was made in 2021 and relates to the development of the R D and production center in the Lin-gang Special Area of Shanghai. These governmental authorities provide significant funding, although ACM Shanghai and ACM Shengwei is also required to
 invest certain amounts in the projects.

112 

Table of Contents 

, and , respectively.

, , and , respectively.

113 

Table of Contents 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income available to common stockholders, basic 

Less: Dilutive effect arising from stock-based awards by ACM Shanghai 

Net income available to common stockholders, diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic (1) 

Effect of dilutive securities

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted

Net income per common share:

Basic

Diluted

-for-one stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend in March 2022. See Note 2 for details. 

,
 and the years
 ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

), ,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

114 

Table of Contents 

and based on an accumulated profit as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in the statutory surplus reserve in the consolidated balance sheets.

115 

Table of Contents 

Trading securities

Liabilities:

Short-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings

As of December 31, 2021:

Assets 

Cash equivalents

Trading securities

Liabilities:

Short-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings

customers
 accounted for and 
 customers accounted for of revenue, respectively. 

customers accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s accounts
 receivables. The Company believes that the receivable balances from these largest customers do not represent a significant credit risk based on past collection experience.

116 

Table of Contents 

), , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

117 

Table of Contents 

KRW to 1.00

KRW to 1.00

118 

Table of Contents 

ECP (front-end and packaging), Furnace and Other Technologies

Advanced Packaging (excluding ECP), Services Spares

Total Revenue By Product Category

Wet cleaning and other front-end processing tools

Advanced packaging, other processing tools, services and spares

Total Revenue Front-end and Back-End

Other Regions

Advances from customers

Deferred revenue

million, due to an increase of payments made by customers for first tools under evaluation, and an increase in customer pre-payments for tools prior to delivery.

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts

Total

million increase in accounts receivable for the twelve months ended 2022 corresponds to a million increase in revenue for the same period.

allowance for doubtful accounts was
 necessary. 

119 

Table of Contents 

Work-in-process

Finished goods

Total inventory

and , respectively. 

increase in raw materials and work-in-process inventory at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was due to additional purchase of supplies to support a higher level of expected total shipments for the next several quarters, and to reduce
 the risk of supply chain delays to meet anticipated customer demand for the Company s products. The increase in finished goods
 inventory at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily reflects a higher value of first-tools under evaluation by existing or prospective customers, due to shipments made, net of customer acceptances during the period. 

for which the Company determines it is not likely to be
 used in future production. The aging is based on the Company s assessment of technology change, its requirement to maintain
 stock for warranty coverage, and other factors. 

and were recognized in cost of
 revenue, respectively. 

Manufacturing equipment

Office equipment

Transportation equipment

Leasehold improvement

Total cost

Less: Total accumulated depreciation and amortization

Construction in progress

Total property, plant and equipment, net

120 

Table of Contents 

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
 respectively. Buildings and plants represent Lingang housing property that was transferred to ACM Shengwei in January 2022 at a value of , which includes the purchase price and accumulated interest,
 and with estimated useful lives of -years (Note 8) . Buildings and plants are pledged as security for loans from China Merchants Bank (Note 12) . Construction in progress primarily reflects
 costs incurred related to the construction of several facilities in Lingang by ACM Shengwei, and are scheduled to begin production in 2023 and beyond. 

Less: accumulated amortization

Land use right, net

land use right in the Lingang region of Shanghai. In July 2020, ACM Shengwei began a multi-year construction project for a new square foot development and production center that will incorporate new manufacturing systems and automation technologies and will provide floor space to support
 significantly increased production capacity and related research and development activities.

and , respectively.

2024

2025

2026

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Prepayment for property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets 

Prepayment for property - lease deposit 

Security deposit for land use right 

Prepayment for property - Zhangjiang New Building

Others

Total other long-term assets

121 

Table of Contents 

from Bank of Shanghai Pudong Branch, 

1) due on June 7, 2022 with an annual interest rate of and fully repaid on .(1)

Line of credit up to RMB from China Everbright Bank, 

1) due on October 21, 2022 with annual interest rate of and fully repaid on .

2) due on August 17, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

3) due on September 1, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

4) due on December 16, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

Line of credit up to RMB from Bank of Communications, 

1) due on October 25, 2022 with an annual interest rate of and fully repaid on .

2) due on August 11, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

3) due on September 5, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

Line of credit up to RMB from Bank of China, 

1) due on August 26, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

Line of credit up to RMB from China Merchants Bank, 

1) due on July 21, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

2) due on July 27, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

3) due on August 1, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

4) due on August 3, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

5) due on August 7, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

6) due on August 14, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

7) due on August 15, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

8) due on August 21, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

9) due on August 28, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

10) due on September 13, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

11) due on September 20, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

12) due on September 29, 2023 with an annual interest rate of . 

Total

, , and , respectively.

Accrued warranty

Accrued payroll

Accrued professional fees

Accrued machine testing fees

Accrued machine sales fees 

Others

Total

122 

Table of Contents 

Short-term lease cost

Lease cost

2024

2025

2026

2027 

Total lease payments

Less: Interest

Present value of lease liabilities

Weighted average discount rate

123 

Table of Contents 

Loans from Bank of China 

Less: Current portion

installments with the last installment due in November 2030 ,
 with an annual interest rate of . The loan is pledged by the property of ACM Shengwei and guaranteed by ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc.

loans from Bank of China are for the purpose of funding ACM Shanghai project expenditures. The loans bear interest at an annual rate of and are repayable in 
 installments, with the last installments due in June 2024 and September 2024 .

2024

2025

2026

2027 and onwards

of interest related to long-term borrowings was incurred, of which was charged to interest expense and was capitalized as
 other long-term assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, of interest related to long-term borrowings was incurred, of which was charged to interest expense and 
 was capitalized as other long-term assets.

Subsidies to Electro Copper Plating project, commenced in 2014

Subsidies to other cleaning tools, commenced in 2020

Subsidies to SW Lingang R D development in 2021 

Subsidies to CO2 Technology

Other

Total

124 

Table of Contents 

of
 Ninebell s post-closing equity for a purchase price of , and a common stock purchase agreement, effective as of September 11, 2017,
 pursuant to which ACM issued shares of Class A common stock to Ninebell for a purchase price of at per share. The investment in
 Ninebell is accounted for under the equity method.

of Shengyi s post-closing
 equity for a purchase price of . The investment in Shengyi is accounted for under the equity method.

other investors, as limited partners, and Beijing Shixi Qingliu Investment Co., Ltd., as general partner and manager, with respect to the formation of Hefei Shixi Chanheng Integrated
 Circuit Industry Venture Capital Fund Partnership (LP), a Chinese limited partnership based in Hefei, China. Pursuant to such Partnership Agreement, on September 30, 2019, ACM Shanghai invested RMB ), which represented of the partnership s total subscribed capital. The investment in Hefei Shixi Chanheng Integrated Circuit Industry Venture Capital Fund Partnership
 (LP) is accounted for under the equity method in accordance with ASC 323-30-S99-1.

of Waferworks post-closing equity for a
 purchase price of . As there is no readily determinable fair value, the Company measures the investment in Waferworks at cost minus
 impairment, if any. 

of Wooil s post-closing equity
 for a purchase price of . The investment in Wooil is accounted for under the equity method. 

Wooil 

Shengyi

Hefei Shixi

Subtotal 

Other investee: 

Waferworks 

Total

, and , respectively, which was
 included in equity income in net income of affiliates in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, dividends received from its equity investee was , and , respectively, which was offset in part by a reduction in the carrying value of the Company s share of equity investees net income. 

125 

Table of Contents 

RMB as of the date of funding) (the SMC Investment to ACM
 Shanghai for investment pursuant to terms to be subsequently negotiated. SMC is a PRC limited partnership partially owned by employees of ACM Shanghai.

shares of Class A common stock at a price of per share, for a
 total exercise price of , and (b) ACM Shanghai agreed to repay the SMC Investment within after the exercise of the Warrant. In March 2018, SMC exercised the Warrant in full, as a result of which (1) ACM issued shares of Class A common stock to SMC, (2) SMC borrowed the funds to pay the Warrant exercise price pursuant to a senior secured promissory note (the SMC Note in the
 principal amount of issued to ACM Shanghai, which in turn issued to ACM a promissory note (the Intercompany Note in the principal
 amount of in payment of the Warrant exercise price. Each of the SMC Note and the Intercompany Note bears an interest at a rate of per annum and matured on .
 The SMC Note is secured by a pledge of the shares issued upon exercise of the Warrant.

of the Warrant shares from SMC at a per share price of ,
 of which (a) was applied to reduce SMC s obligations to ACM Shanghai under the SMC Note, and which ACM then withheld for its own
 account and applied to reduce ACM Shanghai s obligations to ACM under the Intercompany Note, and (b) the remaining was paid to SMC. In
 a separate transaction, ACM Shanghai repaid of the SMC Investment in cash, which reduced the amount of the SMC Investment due to SMC
 to .

agreements relating to outstanding obligations among ACM Research, ACM Shanghai and SMC. Pursuant to such agreements:
 (i) ACM Shanghai assigned to ACM its rights under the SMC Note, including the right to receive payment of the payable thereunder;
 (ii) ACM cancelled the outstanding obligation of ACM Shanghai under the Intercompany Note; (iii) SMC surrendered its remaining Warrant shares to ACM Research; and (iv) in exchange for such Warrant shares, ACM agreed to deliver to SMC certain consideration SMC Consideration agreed upon by ACM Research and SMC, subject to obtaining certain PRC regulatory approvals. Under the agreements, if
 the required approvals were not obtained by December 31, 2023, ACM would cancel the SMC Note as consideration for the Warrant
 shares. In a separate transaction in April 2020, ACM Shanghai repaid the remaining of the SMC Investment in cash.

which was for cancellation of the
 Warrant shares and recorded in equity. The financial liability was remeasured to fair value as of the end of each of the reporting periods.

shares of Class A common stock at a purchase price of per share, and ACM cancelled the SMC Note. The financial liability was remeasured to fair value of as of July 29, 2020, and was retired with the issuance of the SMC 2020 Warrant. The Company recognized a change in fair value of financial liability of for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was reflected in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded the difference of between the SMC 2020 Warrant of 
 and the SMC Note of into equity.

126 

Table of Contents 

, based on the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions:

Expected term in years(2)

Volatility(3)

Risk-free interest rate(4)

Expected dividend(5)

exercise price to ACM and surrendering the 2020 Warrant to ACM. In return, ACM delivered shares of ACM Class A common stock to SMC. 

billion million), of which ACM Shanghai contributed RMB million million), or of the total
 contribution, on June 18, 2020. 

in the case of ACM
 Shanghai). All of the SMIC shares acquired by the Partnership are subject, under applicable Chinese laws, to lock-up restrictions that prevent sales of the shares for one year after the shares were acquired. Thereafter an individual limited partner
 will be able to instruct the general partner to sell, on behalf of the limited partner, all or a portion of the limited partner s apportioned shares, subject to compliance with all laws, regulations, trading rules, the Partnership Agreement and the
 Supplementary Agreement. Alternatively, following the lock-up period, limited partners holding at least percent of the total SMIC
 shares held by the Partnership will be able, pursuant to a call auction in accordance with the Supplementary Agreement, to cause the general partner to arrange to sell all of the shares desired to be offered by each of the limited partners that
 complies with procedural requirements provided in the Supplementary Agreement. 

127 

Table of Contents 

. The limited partners of the Nuode Asset Fund contributed a total of RMB 
 million to the fund, of which ACM Shanghai contributed RMB million ), or of the total contribution, on September 27, 2022. 
 
 In December 2022, the Nuode Asset Fund purchased shares in the secondary stock offering of a publicly traded PRC-stock listing. The number of shares owned by Nuode Asset Fund was apportioned to all of the limited partners in proportion to their
 respective capital contributions in the case of ACM Shanghai). All of the shares acquired by Nuode Asset fund are subject, under
 applicable Chinese laws, to lock-up restrictions that prevent sales of the shares for six months after the shares were acquired. ACM Shanghai s investment is accounted for as trading securities and is stated at fair market value. At December 31,
 2022, the fair market value is classified as Level 2 of the hierarchy established under ASC 820 with valuations based on quoted prices for identical securities in active markets, less a discount applied to reflect the remaining lock-up period. 

Market value

and , respectively. 

in proceeds from the sale of trading securities, including a realized gain of .

128 

Table of Contents 

Shengyi

Total

Shengyi

Total

Ninebell

Total

shares of Class A common stock and 
 shares of Class B common stock, each with a par value of . Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote, and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes and is convertible at any time into share of Class A common
 stock. Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are treated equally, identically and ratably with respect to any dividends declared by the Board of Directors unless the Board of Directors declares different dividends to the Class A
 common stock and Class B common stock by getting approval from a majority of common stockholders.

-for-1

stock split of Class A and Class B common stock in the form of a stock dividend. Each stockholder of record at the close of business on March 16, 2022 received a dividend of additional shares of Class A common stock for each then-held share of Class A common stock and additional shares of Class B common stock for each then-held share of Class B common stock, which were distributed after the close of trading on March 23, 2022.

shares of Class A common stock upon option exercises by employees and non-employees
 and an additional shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock. During the
 year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock upon options exercises by certain employees
 and non-employees and an additional shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B
 common stock. 

shares of Class A common stock upon the warrant exercise SMC (Note 15). 

and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the number of shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding was and ,
 respectively.

129 

Table of Contents 

Sales and marketing expense

Research and development expense

General and administrative expense

Non-employee stock option plan

Subsidiary stock option plan 

- 

- 

- 

Expected term in years(2)

- 

- 

Volatility(3)

- 

- 

- 

Risk-free interest rate(4)

- 

- 

- 

Expected dividend(5)

as ACM has no history or expectation of paying a dividend on its common stock. 

130 

Table of Contents 

options were granted to employees with a market-based
 condition. 

Expected term in years(2)

- 

Volatility(3)

Risk-free interest rate(4)

Expected dividend(5)

, as ACM has no history or expectation of paying a dividend on its common stock. 

131 

Table of Contents 

years

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

years

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

of total unrecognized
 employee stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock-based awards for ACM was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Total recognized compensation cost may be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures.

years

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

years

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

and , respectively, of total unrecognized non-employee stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock-based awards were
 both expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Total recognized compensation cost may be adjusted for
 future changes in estimated forfeitures.

132 

Table of Contents 

years

Forfeited/cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

and , related to stock option grants of ACM Shanghai. As of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 
 of total unrecognized non-employee stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to ACM Shanghai stock-based awards were expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of and years, respectively. Total recognized compensation
 cost may be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures.

Foreign 

Income before income taxes 

U.S. state

Total U.S. current tax benefit (expense) 

Foreign

Total current tax expense

Deferred:

U.S. federal

U.S. state

Total U.S. deferred tax benefit (expense) 

Foreign

Total deferred tax benefit

Total income tax benefit (expense) 

133 

Table of Contents 

Net operating loss carry forwards (U.S.) and credit

Deferred revenue (offshore)

Accruals (U.S.)

Reserves and other (offshore)

Stock-based compensation (U.S.)

Property and equipment (U.S.)

Lease liability

Total gross deferred tax assets

Less: valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Fixed assets

Deferred revenue (offshore)

Equity Investments and unrealized gain on trading securities

Total deferred tax liabilities

Deferred tax assets, net

and for U.S federal purposes, and for U.S. state purposes and and for PRC income tax
 purposes.

and for U.S federal purposes, and for U.S. state purposes and and for PRC income tax
 purposes . Such losses begin expiring in 2037 , 2032 and 2025 for U.S. federal, U.S. state
 and PRC income tax purposes, respectively.

and for U.S. federal purposes and and for U.S. state purposes. Such
 credits begin expiring in 2023 for U.S. federal carry-forwards. There is no expiration date for U.S. state carry-forwards.

of the net operating loss carryforwards are subject to annual limitation as a result of the ownership change in 2017. The net operating loss carryforwards are not expected to expire before utilization.

134 

Table of Contents 

for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to for PRC income tax purpose due to the effects of the valuation allowance and certain permanent differences as they pertain to book-tax differences in employee stock-based compensation and non-US research expense. A new requirement to capitalize and amortize previously deductible research and experimental expenses resulting from a change in Section
 174 made by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA became effective on January 1, 2022. Under the TCJA, the Company is required to capitalize, and subsequently amortize R D expenses over for research activities conducted outside of the U.S. The capitalization of overseas R D expenses resulted in a significant increase in the Company s global
 intangible low-taxed income inclusion. Congress is considering legislation, but legislation has not passed, that would repeal the capitalization requirement. Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC, all of the Company s
 PRC subsidiaries are liable to PRC Corporate Income Taxes at a rate of , except for ACM Shanghai. According to Guoshuihan 2009 No. 203,
 an entity certified as an advanced and new technology enterprise is entitled to a preferential income tax rate of . ACM Shanghai was
 certified as an advanced and new technology enterprise in 2012 and again in 2016, 2018, and 2021, with an effective period of .
 In 2021, ACM Shanghai was certified as an eligible integrated circuit
 production enterprise and is entitled to a preferential income tax rate of from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022. The 
 provision for PRC corporate income tax for ACM Shanghai is calculated by applying the income tax rate of for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

to pretax income as a result of the following:

Stock Compensation 

Foreign rate differential

Other permanent difference

Foreign income taxed in US 

Foreign Research Expense 

Change in valuation allowance

Total income tax expense (benefit)

Increase of unrecognized tax benefits taken in prior years

Increase of unrecognized tax benefits related to current year

Reductions for tax positions related to prior years 

Ending balance

and of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

135 

Table of Contents 

and of accrued penalties related to uncertain tax positions, all of which was recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income for the
 year then ended. The amount of the unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was as of
 December 31, 2022. There were no ongoing examinations by taxing authorities as of December 31, 2022 or 2021.

million of undistributed
 earnings of its foreign subsidiaries that is indefinitely reinvested. Generally, such amounts become subject to U.S. taxation upon the remittance of dividends and under certain other circumstances. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of
 deferred tax liability related to investments in these foreign subsidiaries. 

reporting segment as the equipment has substantially similar nature and economic characteristics. The Company s principal operating decision maker,
 ACM s Chief Executive Officer, receives and reviews the results of the operations for all major type of equipment as a whole when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company.

South Korea

United States

Total

of open
 capital commitments.

million or (b) within after the land use right is
 obtained, the Company does not (i) generate a minimum specified amount of annual sales of products manufactured on the granted land or (ii) pay to the PRC at least RMB million in annual total taxes (including
 value-added taxes, corporate income tax, personal income taxes, urban maintenance and construction taxes, education surcharges, stamp taxes, and vehicle and shipping taxes) as a result of operations in connection with the granted land.

and , respectively for its Lingang-related investments.

136 

Table of Contents 

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 respectively, and are presented as statutory surplus reserve on the Company s consolidated balance sheets.

137 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable 

Due from intercompany

Other receivable

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Deferred tax assets

Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Accounts payable

Other payables

Income taxes payable

FIN-48 payable

Deferred tax liability

Total liabilities

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholder s equity

Cost of revenue

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Sales and marketing expenses

General and administrative expenses

Research and development expenses

Loss from operations

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries

Change in fair value of financial liability

Interest income, net

Interest expense, net

Other income, net

Income before income taxes

Income tax benefit 

Net income

138 

Table of Contents 

Net cash used by investing activities

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

139 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Dismissal of Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

On May 12, 2022, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, or the Audit Committee, completed a competitive selection process to determine our independent registered public accounting firm for
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee invited to participate in this process several independent public accounting firms that are subject to inspection by the PCAOB. As a result of this process, on May 16, 2022, we
 dismissed BDO China as our independent registered public accounting firm. BDO China, which audited our consolidated financial statements from 2015 through 2021, is not inspected by the PCAOB and therefore was not considered by the Audit
 Committee in selecting our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

The reports of BDO China on our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not contain an adverse
 opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and in the subsequent interim period through March 31, 2022, there were (a) no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of
 Regulation S K and the related instructions) with BDO China on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure that, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BDO China, would have
 caused BDO China to make reference thereto in its reports on the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and (b) no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S K).

We provided a copy of the foregoing disclosures to BDO China and requested that BDO China furnish us with a letter addressed to the SEC, pursuant to Item 304(a)(3) of Regulation S-K, stating
 whether or not BDO China agreed with the above disclosures. A copy of BDO China s letter furnished pursuant to that request is filed as Exhibit 16.01.

Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

On May 12, 2022, the Audit Committee also approved the engagement of Armanino LLP as our new independent registered public accounting firm to perform independent audit services for the fiscal year
 ended December 31, 2022. Armanino LLP is subject to inspection by the PCAOB. The engagement of Armanino LLP became effective on May 19, 2022.

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and in the subsequent interim period through March 31, 2022, neither we nor anyone on our behalf consulted with Armanino LLP with respect
 to either (a) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered with respect to our consolidated financial statements, and no written report or
 oral advice was provided to us by Armanino LLP that was an important factor that we considered in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue or (b) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement (as
 defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S K).

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule
 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. The evaluation included certain internal control areas in which we have made and are continuing to make changes to improve and enhance controls. In
 designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.
 In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative
 to their costs. The effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures is also necessarily limited by the staff and other resources available to management and the geographic diversity of our company s operations. As a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic, in 2021 and 2022 we have faced additional challenges in operating and monitoring our disclosure controls and procedures as a result of employees working remotely and management travel being limited. In addition, we face potential
 heightened cybersecurity risks as our level of dependence on our IT networks and related systems increases, stemming from employees working remotely, and the number of malware campaigns and phishing attacks preying on the uncertainties
 surrounding the COVID 19 pandemic increases.

140 

Table of Contents 

Based on that evaluation, and as a result of the material weaknesses in internal
 control over financial reporting described below , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide
 reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
 Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Notwithstanding the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting 
 described below, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control
 over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with general accepted accounting
 principles. The company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company;

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
 expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of our company; and

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
 subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
 of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses described below.

Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
 reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Management identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31,
 2022:

Management did not design and maintain effective risk assessment procedures, and monitoring activities. These deficiencies were
 attributed to insufficient identification and assessment of risks impacting the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and insufficient evaluation and determination as to
 whether components of internal control were present and functioning.

Management did not design and maintain effective information technology controls related to (a) user access controls to ensure
 appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate personnel, (b) computer operations controls to ensure that critical information is
 monitored, and data backups are authorized and monitored, (c) appropriate controls to evaluate automated controls, and (d) appropriate controls to validate the completeness and accuracy of key reports used within controls across
 substantially all financial statement areas.

Although these material weaknesses did not result in any material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
 ended December 31, 2022, there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, management has concluded that these control
 deficiencies constitute material weaknesses.

Remediation Efforts

We have begun the process of, and are focused on, designing and implementing effective internal control measures to improve our internal control
 over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following:

Continue engagement with an outside firm to assist management with (i) designing and maintaining effective risk assessment
 procedures and monitoring activities, (ii) reviewing our current processes, procedures, and systems and assessing the design of controls to identify opportunities to enhance the design of controls that would address relevant risks
 identified by management to assure the operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) enhancing and implementing protocols to retain sufficient documentary evidence of operating effectiveness of
 such controls.

Continue to recruit qualified individuals for key positions within our accounting and other support functions that will further
 enhance internal control capabilities, allow for appropriate segregation of duties, and provide appropriate oversight and reviews.

Complete the implementation of our new enterprise reporting software
 and other system integrations and establish effective general controls over these systems to ensure that our automated process level controls and information
 produced and maintained in our IT systems is relevant and reliable. 

Restrict and monitor user access controls to ensure
 appropriate segregation of duties and adequately restrict user and privileged access of applications, programs, and data to appropriate personnel, implement computer operations controls to ensure that critical information is
 monitored, and data backups are authorized and monitored, establish appropriate controls to evaluate automated controls, and design and monitor appropriate controls to validate the completeness and accuracy of key reports used within
 controls across substantially all financial statement areas.

We are committed to ensuring that our internal controls over financial reporting are designed and operating effectively. Management believes the
 planned remediation will improve the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. While these planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal
 control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Armanino LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein under Item 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data .

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Remediation Efforts

Other than the material weaknesses and the management remediation efforts described above, no changes were identified to our internal control over
 financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue to review and document our disclosure
 controls and procedures, including our internal control over financial reporting and may from time to time make changes to enhance their effectiveness and ensure that our systems evolve with our business.

141 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

(a) ACM Research was identified by the SEC pursuant to Section 104(i)(2)(A) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7214(i)(2)(A)) as having retained, for the preparation of the audit report
 on its financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, a registered public accounting firm that has a branch or office that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB had then
 determined it was unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction, which determination was vacated by the PCAOB on December 15, 2022. ACM Research herein confirms that it is not
 owned or controlled by any governmental entity in such foreign jurisdiction.

(b) Not applicable.

142 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120
 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.

143 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a) See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Consolidated Financial Statements of Part II above and Exhibit Index below.

(b) 

Exhibits.

Exhibit

 No.

Description

3.01(a) 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2017)

3.01(b) 

Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ACM Research, Inc., dated July 13, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to the Current Report filed on
 July 13, 2021)

3.02 

Restated Bylaws of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.02 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2017)

4.01 

Senior Secured Promissory Note dated March 30, 2018 issued by Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership to ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.03 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2018)

4.02 

Intercompany Promissory Note dated March 30, 2018 issued by ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. to ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.04 to the Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2018)

4.03 

Warrant Exercise Agreement dated March 30, 2018 by and among ACM Research, Inc., ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc., and Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2018)

4.04 

Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock issued to Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership dated July 29, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020)

4.05 

Description of ACM Research, Inc. s Securities

10.01(a) 

Lease dated March 22, 2017 between ACM Research, Inc. and D J Construction, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on
 September 13, 2017)

10.01(b) 

Lease Amendment dated February 28, 2018 between ACM Research, Inc. and D J Construction, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Amended Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q/A filed on October 15, 2018)

10.01(c) 

Lease Amendment dated February 4, 2019 between ACM Research, Inc. and D J Construction, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 February 8, 2019)

10.01(d) 

Lease Amendment dated January 4, 2021 between ACM Research, Inc. and D J Construction, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01(d) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 on March 1, 2022)

10.02 

Lease Agreement dated April 26, 2018 between ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and Shanghai Zhangjiang Group Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Amended Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on October 15, 2018)

10.03 

Lease Agreement dated January 18, 2018 between ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and Shanghai Shengyu Culture Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the
 Amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on October 15, 2018)

10.04 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 14, 2017 by and among ACM Research, Inc., Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership and ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc.
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.03 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.05 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 23, 2017 between ACM Research, Inc. and Shanghai Science and Technology Venture Capital Co., Ltd., as amended (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.04 to the Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 18, 2017)

144 

Table of Contents 

10.06 

Ordinary Share Purchase Agreement dated September 6, 2017 by and among ACM Research, Inc., Ninebell Co., Ltd. and Moon-Soo Choi (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.07 to the
 Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 18, 2017)

10.07 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 11, 2017, by and among ACM Research, Inc., X i nxin (Shanghai) Capital Co., Limited, Xinxin (Hongkong) Capital Co., Limited and David H. Wang (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October
 18, 2017)

10.08 

Form of Capital Increase Agreement between ACM Research, Inc. and certain investors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August
 12, 2019)

10.08(a) 

Schedule identifying agreements substantially identical to the form of Capital Increase Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.12 hereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01(a) to the
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2019)

10.09 

Form of Agreement between ACM Research, Inc. and certain Investors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2019)

10.09(a) 

Schedule identifying agreements substantially identical to the form of Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.13 hereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02(a) to the Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2019)

10.10 

Partnership Agreement of Hefei Shixi Chanheng Integrated Circuit Industry Venture Capital Fund Partnership (LP) dated September 5, 2019 by and among Infotech National Emerging Industry
 Venture Investment Guidance Fund (LP), Hefei Guozheng Asset Management Co, Ltd., Hefei Economic and Technological Development Zone Industrial Investment Guidance Fund Co., Ltd., ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc., Hefei Tongyi Equity
 Investment Partnership (LP), Shenzen Waitan Technology Development Co., Ltd., and Beijing Shixi Qingliu Investment Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.03 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13,
 2019)

10.11+ 

2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 8, 2017)

10.11(a)+ 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.11(b)+ 

Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement under 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(b) to the Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.11(c)+ 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(c) to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.12+ 

Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.13+ 

1998 Stock Option Plan of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.13(a)+ 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under 1998 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13,
 2017)

10.13(b)+ 

Form of Non-statutory Stock Option Agreement under 1998 Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September
 13, 2017)

10.14 

Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between ACM Research, Inc. and certain of its directors and officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 13, 2017)

10.15+ 

Letter agreement dated June 12, 2019 between ACM Research, Inc. and Mark McKechnie (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13,
 2019)

10.16+ 

Employment Agreement dated January 8, 2018 between ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and Lisa Feng (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
 March 1, 2022)

145 

Table of Contents 

10.17 

Note Assignment and Cancellation Agreement dated April 30, 2020 by and among ACM Research, Inc., ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited
 Partnership (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Quarterly Report Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020)

10.18(a) 

Share Transfer and Note Cancellation Agreement dated April 30, 2020 between ACM Research, Inc. and Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.03 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2020)

10.18(b) 

Amendment No. 1 to Share Transfer and Note Cancellation Agreement dated July 29, 2020 between ACM Research, Inc. and Shengxin (Shanghai) Management Consulting Limited Partnership
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2020)

10.19 

Grant Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right in Shanghai City (Category of R D Headquarters and Industrial Projects) dated as of May 7, 2020 between ACM Research (Lingang),
 Inc. and China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Lin-gang Special Area Administration (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2020)

10.20 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Lock-up of Shares, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 1, 2020)

10.21 

Commitment Letter Regarding Shareholding Intent and Intent to Reduce Shareholding, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. and David H. Wang (incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.02 to the Current Report to Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.22 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Plan and Binding Measures for Stabilizing the Stock Price of ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. Within Three Years After Listing, effective as of May 26, 2020, of
 ACM Research, Inc., ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc., and certain individuals named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.03 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.23 

Commitment Letter Regarding Fraudulent Issuance of Listed Shares, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc., ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and David H. Wang (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.04 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.24 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Lack of False Records, Misleading Statements or Major Omissions in the Preliminary Information Document, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc.
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.05 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.25 

Commitment Letter Regarding Making Up for Diluted Immediate Returns, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.06 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.26 

Commitment Letter Regarding Unfulfilled Commitment on Binding Measures, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. and David H. Wang (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.07 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.27 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Avoidance of Competition in the Same Industry, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.08 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.28 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Standardization and Reduction of Related Transactions, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.09
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.29 

Commitment Letter Regarding the Avoidance of Funds Occupation and Illegal Guarantee, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.30 

Statement and Commitment Letter, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1,
 2020)

10.31 

Commitment Letter Regarding Property Lease Matters, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 1, 2020)

10.32 

Commitment Letter Regarding Social Insurance and Housing Provident Fund Matters, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

146 

Table of Contents 

10.33 

Commitment Letter Regarding Foreign Exchange Matters, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 1, 2020)

10.34 

Confirmation and Commitment Letter Regarding the Historical Evolution Related Matters Regarding ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc., effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc.
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.35 

Confirmation Letter, effective as of May 26, 2020, of ACM Research, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2020)

10.36 

Qingdao Fortune-Tech Xinxing Capital Partnership (L.P.) Partnership Agreement, dated June 9, 2020, among China Fortune Tech Capital Co., Ltd., as general partner, and the several limited
 partners named therein, including ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2020)

10.37 

Supplementary Agreement to Partnership Agreement of Qingdao Fortune-Tech Xinxing Capital Partnership (L.P.), dated June 15, 2020, among China Fortune Tech Capital Co., Ltd., as general
 partner, and the several limited partners named therein, including ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2020)

10.38 

Form of Shanghai Public Rental Housing Overall Pre-Sale Contract (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021)

10.38(a) 

Schedule identifying agreements substantially identical to the form of Shanghai Public Rental Housing Overall Pre-Sale Contract filed as Exhibit 10.43 hereto (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.01(a) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021)

10.39 

Loan and Mortgage Contract dated November 19, 2020 between China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Lin-Gang Special Area Sub-branch and Shengwei Research (Shanghai),
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021)

10.40 

Irrevocable Letter of Guarantee dated November 19, 2020 between China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Lin-Gang Special Area Sub-branch and ACM Research (Shanghai),
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.03 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021)

10.41 

Plant lease Contract dated as of February 1, 2021 between ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc. and Shanghai Shengyu Culture Development Co., Ltd. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.01
 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2021)

16.01 

Letter dated May 19, 2022 from BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2022)

21.01 

List of Subsidiaries of ACM Research, Inc.

23.01 

Consent of Armanino LLP

23.02 

Consent of BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP

31.01 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002

32.01 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

99.01 

Submission under Item 9C(a) of Form 10-K

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in exhibit 101)

+ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

Certain information in this exhibit was omitted by means of redacting a portion of the text and replacing it with [ ]

Unofficial English translation of original document prepared in Mandarin Chinese.

Certain appendices have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. We hereby undertake to furnish copies of the omitted appendices upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission, provided
 that we may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b 2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the appendices so furnished.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

147 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
 be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of March 1, 2023.

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

By:

/s/ David H. Wang

David H. Wang

Chief Executive Officer and President

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the
 capacities indicated as of March 1, 2023:

Signature

Title

/s/ David H. Wang

David H. Wang

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Mark A. McKechnie

Mark A. McKechnie

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Haiping Dun

Haiping Dun

Director

/s/ Chenming Hu

Chenming Hu

Director

/s/ Tracy Liu

Tracy Liu

Director

/s/ Xiao Xing

Xiao Xing

Director

<EX-4.05>
 2
 brhc10048521_ex4-05.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.05

Exhibit 4.05

Description of ACM Research, Inc. Securities

The following information constitutes the Description of Securities required by Item 202(a) of Regulation S-K. As of March 1, 2023, ACM Research, Inc.
 has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which is its Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share.

References herein to we, our, us, or our company refer to ACM Research, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The following information summarizes the
 material terms of our common and preferred stock and warrants, as well as relevant provisions of our charter, which includes certificates of designations relating to each series of our preferred stock, and bylaws, the Delaware General Corporation Law
 and the Warrant (as defined below). For a complete description of the terms of our common stock and other securities, please refer to our charter and bylaws and the Warrant.

Authorized Capital Stock

Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 150,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, of which 60,000,000 are available
 only for issuance as dividends on outstanding Class A common stock, (ii) 5,307,816 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, all of which are available only for issuance as dividends on outstanding Class B common stock, and (iii)
 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. Class A common stock and Class B common stock are referred to collectively as common stock. Authorized but unissued shares of Class B Common Stock are not available for reissuance.

Common Stock

Voting Rights

Except as otherwise required by Delaware law, at every annual or special meeting of stockholders, holders of Class B common stock are entitled to twenty
 votes per share and holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law.

Dividends

Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, the holders of our outstanding shares of common stock are entitled
 to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to share equally, identically and ratably, on a per
 share basis, with respect to any dividend or distribution unless different treatment of the shares of each such class is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B
 common stock, each voting separately as a class. At present, we have no plans to issue dividends.

Liquidation

In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available
 for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Conversion

Each outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible into one share of Class A common stock (a) at any time, at the option of the holder, or (b)
 upon any transfer of such share of Class B common stock, whether or not for value, except for certain transfers described in our charter, including transfers to family members, trusts solely for the benefit of the stockholder or their family members,
 and partnerships, corporations, and other entities exclusively owned by the stockholder or their family members. Once converted or transferred and converted into Class A common stock, shares of Class B common stock will not be reissued.

Other Rights and Preferences

Other than as described above, holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund
 provisions applicable to common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
 and issue in the future.

Preferred Stock

Under the terms of our charter, the board of directors is authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to
 establish the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of such shares and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could
 include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and other provisions, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock with
 voting and conversion rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting control to others, and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation.
 In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action.

Anti-Takeover Provisions

So long as the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, the holders of Class B
 common stock will effectively control all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote, as well as the overall management and direction of our company, which will have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from
 acquiring control of our company.

After such time as the shares of Class B common stock no longer represent a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, the provisions of
 Delaware law, and our charter and our bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company.

Delaware Law

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prevents some Delaware corporations from engaging, under some circumstances, in a business
 combination, which includes a merger or sale of at least 10 of the corporation s assets with any interested stockholder, meaning a stockholder who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of
 interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, unless:

the transaction is approved by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder;

upon consummation of the transaction, which resulted in the stockholder s becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the
 voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding stock owned by directors who are also officers of the corporation; or

subsequent to such time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special
 meeting of stockholders by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.

A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original charter or an express provision in its charter or
 bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or
 change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented.

Charter and Bylaw Provisions

Our charter and bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in
 control of our company, even after such time as the shares of Class B common stock no longer represent a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, including the following:

Separate Class B Vote for Certain Transactions . Until the first date on
 which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 35 of the combined voting power of common stock, any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company will require the approval of a majority of our
 outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class. This provision could delay or prevent the approval of a change in control that might otherwise be approved by a majority of outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock,
 voting together on a combined basis.

Dual Class Stock . As described above in -Common Stock-Voting Rights above,
 our charter provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides certain members of our senior management with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they collectively own
 significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets.

Supermajority Approvals . Our charter and bylaws provide that when the
 outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, certain amendments to our charter or bylaws will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our
 then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock. This will have the effect of making it more difficult to amend our charter or bylaws to remove or modify certain provisions.

Board of Directors Vacancies . Our charter and bylaws provide that
 stockholders may fill vacant directorships. When the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, our charter and bylaws authorize only the board of directors to fill
 vacant directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting the board is set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board. These provisions restricting the filling of vacancies will prevent a stockholder from
 increasing the size of the board and gaining control of the board by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. Our charter provides that directors may be removed with or without cause only by the affirmative vote of the holders
 of at least two-thirds of the votes that all of the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors.

Classified Board . The board of directors is not currently classified. Our
 charter and bylaws provide that when outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, the board will be classified into three classes of directors, each of which will hold
 office for a three-year term. In addition, thereafter, directors may be removed from the board with or without cause only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of
 Class A and Class B common stock. The existence of a classified board could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority control of the board, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror.

Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders . Our charter provides
 that stockholders will be able to take action by written consent. When the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, our stockholders will no longer be able to take
 action by written consent, and will only be able to take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. Stockholders will not be permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. The absence of cumulative voting may
 make it more difficult for stockholders who own less than a majority in voting power to elect any directors to the board of directors. Our bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the board, the
 chair of the board or our chief executive officer. A stockholder may not call a special meeting, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for holders controlling a majority in voting power of our
 capital stock to take any action, including the removal of director.

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations .
 Our bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify
 certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our
 meetings of stockholders.

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . The board of directors has the
 authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board. The existence of authorized but unissued
 shares of preferred stock enables the board to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise.

Choice of Forum

Our charter provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on
 our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, or our charter or bylaws; any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the
 validity of our charter or bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been
 challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. The choice of forum provision summarized above is not intended to, and would not, apply to suits brought to
 enforce any liability or duty created by (i) the Securities Act of 1933 or the rules and regulations thereunder, jurisdiction over which is vested in concurrently vested in federal and state courts, or (ii) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the
 rules and regulations thereunder, jurisdiction over which is exclusively vested by statute in the U.S. federal courts.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

Nasdaq Global Select Market

The Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ACMR. 

</EX-4.05>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 brhc10048521_ex21-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.01

Exhibit 21.01

ACM RESEARCH, INC.

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Name of Subsidiary

Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization

ACM Research (Shanghai), Inc.

People s Republic of China

CleanChip Technologies Limited

Hong Kong

ACM Research (Wuxi), Inc.

People s Republic of China

ACM Research Korea CO., LTD.

Republic of Korea

Shengwei Research (Shanghai), Inc.

People s Republic of China

ACM Research (Singapore) PTE, Ltd.

Singapore

ACM Research (CA), Inc.

United States of America

ACM Research (Cayman), Inc.

Cayman Islands

ACM Research (Beijing), Inc.

People s Republic of China

Hanguk ACM CO., LTD

Korea

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 brhc10048521_ex23-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.01

Exhibit 23.01 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-222702, 333-232780 and 333-254150 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1,
 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of ACM Research, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ACM Research, Inc. and
 subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022.

Armanino LLP 

San Jose, California

March 1, 2023

</EX-23.01>

<EX-23.02>
 5
 brhc10048521_ex23-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.02

Exhibit 23.02 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

ACM Research, Inc.

 42307 Osgood Road, Suite I

 Fremont, California 94539

 United States

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-222702, 333-232780 and 333-254150) of ACM
 Research, Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2022 except for the effects of the common stock split discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
 statements, which appear in this Form 10-K.

BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP

 Shenzhen, The People s Republic of China

 March 1, 2023

</EX-23.02>

<EX-31.01>
 6
 brhc10048521_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, David H. Wang, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ACM Research, Inc.

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report.

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
 fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ David H. Wang

David H. Wang

Chief Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 7
 brhc10048521_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Mark A. McKechnie, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ACM Research, Inc.

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report.

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
 internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
 committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ Mark A. McKechnie

Mark A. McKechnie

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 8
 brhc10048521_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ACM Research, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 each of the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his or her knowledge on the date hereof:

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of ACM Research, Inc. for the period presented therein.

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ David H. Wang

David H. Wang

Chief Executive Officer and President

(Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 1, 2023

/s/ Mark A. McKechnie

Mark A. McKechnie

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer

(Principal Financial Officer)

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.

</EX-32.01>

<EX-99.01>
 9
 brhc10048521_ex99-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.01

Exhibit 99.01 

ACM Research, Inc.

 42307 Osgood Road, Suite I

 Fremont, California 94539

March 1, 2023

By EDGAR

Securities and Exchange Commission

 Division of Corporate Finance

 100 F. Street, N.E.

 Washington, DC 20549

Re: 
 
 ACM Research, Inc.

Submission under Item 9C(a) of Form 10-K

Ladies and Gentlemen:

ACM Research, Inc. (the Company is submitting the
 following information pursuant to Item 9C(a) of Form 10-K.

The Company was identified by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 104(i)(2)(A) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C.
 7214(i)(2)(A)) as having retained, for the preparation of the audit report on its financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, a registered public accounting firm that has a branch or office
 that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB had then determined it was unable to inspect or
 investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction, which determination was vacated by the PCAOB on December 15, 2022.

To the Company s best knowledge, and based on examination of the Company s stockholder register and public filings made by its
 stockholders, particularly the Schedule 13Gs and Schedule 13G/As filed in February 2023, the Company herein confirms that it is not owned or controlled by any governmental entity in such foreign jurisdiction as of the date of this submission. In
 addition, the Company is not aware of any governmental entity that is in possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Company, whether through the ownership of voting
 securities, by contract, or otherwise.

Please do not hesitate to contact the Company s legal counsel, Michael A. Hedge of K L Gates LLP, at (949) 623-3519 if you have any questions
 or would like additional information regarding this matter.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mark McKechnie

Mark McKechnie

cc: 
 
 David H. Wang, ACM Research, Inc.

Michael A. Hedge, K L Gates LLP

 Jason C. Dreibelbis, K L Gates LLP

</EX-99.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 acmr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 acmr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 acmr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 acmr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 acmr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

