<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_95029_0001174947-23-000239.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6624315</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146964</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1294529</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1749605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1708349</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1522220</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000239.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222170623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000239
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STURM RUGER & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000095029
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		IRS NUMBER:				060633559
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10435
		FILM NUMBER:		23654438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2032597843

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		1 LACEY PLACE
		CITY:			SOUTHPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06490

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000239.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 rgr-20221231.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number 

STURM, RUGER COMPANY, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

None 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or shorter such period of time that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or
the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022: 

Common Stock, 1 par value - 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's
common stock as of February 15, 2023: Common Stock, 1 par value shares 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 

Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement
relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held June 1, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III (Items 10 through
14) of this Report. 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 20 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 78 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 78 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 79 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 80 

2 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 

Signatures 
 
 84 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 
 85 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 87 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 89 

EXPLANATORY NOTE: 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Sturm, Ruger 
Company, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company makes forward-looking statements and projections concerning future expectations.
Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to certain qualifying risks and uncertainties, such as market demand,
sales levels of firearms, anticipated castings sales and earnings, the need for external financing for operations or capital expenditures,
the results of pending litigation against the Company, the impact of future firearms control and environmental legislation, and accounting
estimates, any one or more of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, will, should, 
 could and other words and terms of similar meaning, typically identify such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation
to publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date such forward-looking statements are made
or to reflect the occurrence of subsequent unanticipated events. 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Subsidiary (the
 Company is principally engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of firearms to domestic customers. Virtually all of
the Company s sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were from the firearms segment, with less than 1 from the castings segment.
Export sales represent approximately 6 of firearms sales. The Company s design and manufacturing operations are located in the
United States and almost all product content is domestic. 

The Company has been in business since 1949 and was
incorporated in its present form under the laws of Delaware in 1969. The Company primarily offers products in three industry product categories
 rifles, pistols, and revolvers. The Company s firearms are sold through independent wholesale distributors, principally
to the commercial sporting market. 

The Company manufactures and sells investment castings
made from steel alloys and metal injection molding MIM parts for internal use in the firearms segment and has minimal
sales to outside customers. The castings and MIM parts are sold to outside customers, either directly or through manufacturers 
representatives. 

On November
23, 2020, the Company acquired substantially all of the Marlin Firearms assets. The agreement to purchase these assets emanated from the
Remington Outdoor Company, Inc. bankruptcy and was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Alabama
on September 30, 2020. The purchase price of approximately 28.3 million was paid with available cash on hand. Shipments of Ruger-made,
Marlin lever action rifles commenced late in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
net sales attributable to the Company's firearms operations were 593.3 million, 728.1 million and 565.9 million. The balance of the
Company's net sales for the aforementioned periods was attributable to its castings operations. 

Firearms Products 

The Company presently manufactures firearm products,
under the Ruger name and trademark, in the following industry categories: 

Rifles 
 
 Revolvers 

Single-shot 

Single-action 

Autoloading 

Double-action 

Bolt-action 

Modern sporting 

Pistols 

Rimfire autoloading 

Centerfire autoloading 

4 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the Company manufactures lever-action
rifles under the Marlin name and trademark. 

Most firearms are available in several models based
upon caliber, finish, barrel length, and other features. 

Rifles 

A rifle is a long gun with spiral grooves cut into
the interior of the barrel to give the bullet a stabilizing spin after it leaves the barrel. Net sales of rifles by the Company accounted
for 305.4 million, 317.5 million, and 234.3 million of total net sales for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Pistols 

A pistol is a handgun in which the ammunition chamber
is an integral part of the barrel and which typically is fed ammunition from a magazine contained in the grip. Net sales of pistols by
the Company accounted for 184.7 million, 278.4 million, and 198.1 million of revenues for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Revolvers 

A revolver is a handgun that has a cylinder that holds
the ammunition in a series of chambers which are successively aligned with the barrel of the gun during each firing cycle. There are two
general types of revolvers, single-action and double-action. To fire a single-action revolver, the hammer is pulled back to cock the gun
and align the cylinder before the trigger is pulled. To fire a double-action revolver, a single trigger pull advances the cylinder and
cocks and releases the hammer. Net sales of revolvers by the Company accounted for 70.0 million, 84.4 million, and 79.1 million of
revenues for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Accessories 

The Company also manufactures and sells accessories
and replacement parts for its firearms. These sales accounted for 33.2 million, 47.8 million, and 54.1 million of total net sales for
the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Castings Products 

Net sales attributable to the Company s casting
operations (excluding intercompany transactions) accounted for 2.6 million, 2.6 million, and 3.0 million, for 2022, 2021, and 2020,
respectively. These sales represented less than 1 of total net sales in each of 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Manufacturing 

Firearms 

The Company produces produces one model of pistol, all of its revolvers and some of its rifles
at the Newport, New Hampshire facility. One model of revolver and most of the Company s pistols are produced at the Prescott, Arizona
facility. Some rifle models and pistol models are produced at the Mayodan, North Carolina facility. 

Many of the basic metal component parts of the firearms
manufactured by the Company are produced by the Company's castings segment through processes known as precision investment 

5 

Table of Contents 

casting. The
Company also uses many MIM parts in its firearms. See "Manufacturing- Investment Castings and Metal Injected Moldings" below
for a description of these processes. The Company believes that investment castings and MIM parts provide greater design flexibility and
result in component parts which are generally close to their ultimate shape and, therefore, require less machining than processes requiring
machining a solid billet of metal to obtain a part. Through the use of investment castings and MIM parts, the Company endeavors to produce
durable and less costly component parts for its firearms. 

All assembly, inspection, and testing of firearms
manufactured by the Company are performed at the Company's manufacturing facilities. Every firearm, including every chamber of every revolver
manufactured by the Company, is test-fired prior to shipment. 

Investment Castings and Metal Injection Moldings 

To produce a product by the investment casting method,
a wax model of the part is created and coated invested with several layers of ceramic material. The shell is then heated
to melt the interior wax, which is poured off, leaving a hollow mold. To cast the desired part, molten metal is poured into the mold and
allowed to cool and solidify. The mold is then broken off to reveal a near net shape cast metal part. 

Metal injection molding is a three part powder metallurgy
process by which a feedstock consisting of finely powdered metal and binders is processed through injection molding, debinding, and sintering
equipment to produce steel, stainless steel, and alloy parts of complex shape and geometry. This process allows for high volume
production while eliminating many of the wastes of traditional metal working methods, yielding net shape and near net shape parts. 

Marketing and Distribution 

Firearms 

The Company's firearms are primarily marketed through
a network of federally licensed, independent wholesale distributors who purchase the products directly from the Company. They resell to
federally licensed, independent retail firearms dealers who in turn resell to legally authorized end users. All retail purchasers are
subject to a point-of-sale background check by law enforcement. These end users include sportsmen, hunters, people interested in self-defense,
law enforcement and other governmental organizations, and gun collectors. Each domestic distributor carries the entire line of firearms
manufactured by the Company for the commercial market. Currently, 15 distributors service the domestic commercial market, with an additional
25 distributors servicing the domestic law enforcement market and 45 distributors servicing the export market. 

In 2022, the Company s largest customers and
the percent of firearms sales they represented were as follows: Lipsey s - 23 ; Davidson s - 23 ; and Sports South - 21 . 

In 2021, the Company s largest customers and
the percent of firearms sales they represented were as follows: Lipsey s - 21 ; Sports South - 19 ; and Davidson s - 19 . 

6 

Table of Contents 

In 2020, the Company s largest customers and
the percent of firearms sales they represented were as follows: Sports South - 22 ; Lipsey s - 22 ; and Davidson s - 18 . 

The Company employs 15 employees who service these
distributors and call on retailers and law enforcement agencies. Because the ultimate demand for the Company's firearms comes from end
users rather than from the independent wholesale distributors, the Company believes that the loss of any distributor would not have a
material, long-term adverse effect on the Company, but may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results for
a particular period. The Company considers its relationships with its distributors to be satisfactory. 

The Company also exports its firearms through a network
of selected commercial distributors and directly to certain foreign customers, consisting primarily of law enforcement agencies and foreign
governments. Foreign sales were 6 of the Company s consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, and no more than
5 of the Company's consolidated net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

The Company does not consider its overall firearms
business to be predictably seasonal; however, orders of many models of firearms from the distributors tend to be stronger in the first
quarter of the year and weaker in the third quarter of the year. 

Investment Castings and Metal Injection Moldings 

The castings segment provides castings and MIM parts
for the Company s firearms segment. In addition, the castings segment produces some products for a number of customers in a variety
of industries. 

Competition 

Firearms 

Competition in the firearms industry is intense and
comes from both foreign and domestic manufacturers. While some of these competitors concentrate on a single industry product category
such as rifles or pistols, several competitors manufacture products in all four industry categories (rifles, shotguns, pistols, and revolvers).
The principal methods of competition in the industry are product innovation, quality, availability, brand, and price. The Company believes
that it can compete effectively with all of its present competitors. 

Investment Castings and Metal Injection Moldings 

There are a large number of investment castings and
MIM manufacturers, both domestic and foreign, with which the Company competes. Competition varies based on the type of investment castings
products and the end use of the product. Companies offering alternative methods of manufacturing such as wire electric discharge machining
(EDM) and advancements in computer numeric controlled (CNC) machining also compete with the Company s castings segment. Many of
these competitors are larger corporations than the Company with substantially greater financial resources than the Company, which could
affect the Company s ability to compete with these competitors. The principal methods of competition in the industry are quality,
price, and production lead time. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Human Capital 

The Company
is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to the attraction, development, and retention of our employees by providing a preferred work
environment that promotes and celebrates our core values of Integrity, Respect, Innovation and Teamwork. Our goal is to develop, motivate,
retain and reward passionate and dedicated employees. 

As of February 1, 2023, the Company employed approximately
1,880 full-time employees, approximately 28 of whom had at least ten years of service with the Company. 

The Company attracts candidates and retains employees
by offering competitive compensation packages, which include: 

Base wages, 

Profit sharing, 

Medical and welfare benefits, 

Holidays and other paid time off (PTO), and 

401(k) plan participation and matching program. 

The Company believes its compensation packages: 

Provide a base level of compensation to reflect an individual s role and responsibilities, 

Recognize and reward employees for the Company s success, and 

Provide for the safety, security and well-being of employees. 

Our primary vehicle for human capital development
is Ruger University, which has a mission to: 

Enhance the understanding of our industry, Company
and culture, 

Strengthen the technical, interpersonal and leadership
skills of each employee, and 

Allow employees to positively change their own
lives while creating value for all Ruger stakeholders. 

In addition to providing a competitive compensation
package and emphasizing the development of employees, the Company retains its employees by maintaining a safe, responsible, and preferred
workplace. The Company is committed to conducting business in conformance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Corporate Compliance
Program are two active programs that guide the Company s practices to achieve these goals. 

In addition, since the beginning of the global outbreak
of the Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 in March 2020, the Company continues to take multiple proactive steps to promote
the health and safety of its employees and maintain a clean, safe, and preferred workplace. 

To assess and improve employee retention and engagement,
the Company surveys employees on an annual basis with the assistance of a third-party consultant, and takes actions to address areas of
employee concern and build on the competencies that are important for our future success. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 

In 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company spent approximately
 9.6 million, 11.7 million, and 8.0 million, respectively, on research and development activities relating to new products and the improvement
of existing products. Research and development expenses are included in costs of products sold. As of February 1, 2023, the Company had
approximately 57 employees whose primary responsibilities were research and development activities. 

Patents and Trademarks 

The Company owns various United States and foreign
patents and trademarks which have been secured over a period of years and which expire at various times. It is the policy of the Company
to apply for patents and trademarks whenever new products or processes deemed commercially valuable are developed or marketed by the Company.
The Company deems its patents and trademarks to be valuable and therefore works to police and protect them. 

Environmental Matters 

The Company is committed to achieving high standards
of environmental quality and product safety, and strives to provide a safe and healthy workplace for its employees and others in the communities
in which it operates. The Company has programs in place that monitor compliance with various environmental regulations. However, in the
normal course of its manufacturing operations the Company is subject to governmental proceedings and orders pertaining to waste disposal,
air emissions, and water discharges into the environment. These regulations are integrated into the Company s manufacturing, assembly,
and testing processes. The Company believes that it is generally in compliance with applicable environmental regulations and that the
outcome of any environmental proceedings and orders will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company,
but could have a material adverse effect on the financial results for a particular period. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Information about our Executive Officers 

Set forth below are the names, ages, and positions
of the executive officers of the Company. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position With Company 

Christopher J. Killoy 
 64 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thomas A. Dineen 
 54 
 Senior Vice President, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 

Thomas P. Sullivan 
 62 
 Senior Vice President of Operations 

Kevin B. Reid, Sr. 
 62 
 Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary 

Shawn C. Leska 
 51 
 Vice President, Sales 

Christopher J. Killoy became President Chief
Executive Officer on May 9, 2017. Previously he served as President and Chief Operating Officer since January 1, 2014. Prior to that he
served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing since November 27, 2006. Mr. Killoy originally joined the Company in 2003 as Executive
Director of Sales and Marketing, and subsequently served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing from November 1, 2004 to January 25,
2005. 

Thomas A. Dineen became Senior Vice President on July
10, 2017. Previously he served as Vice President since May 24, 2006. Prior to that he served as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
since May 6, 2003 and had been Assistant Controller since 2001. Mr. Dineen joined the Company as Manager, Corporate Accounting in 1997. 

Thomas P. Sullivan became Senior Vice President of
Operations on July 1, 2017. Mr. Sullivan joined the Company as Vice President of Newport Operations for the Newport, New Hampshire Firearms
and Pine Tree Castings divisions on August 14, 2006. 

Kevin B. Reid, Sr. became Vice President and General
Counsel on April 23, 2008. Previously he served as the Company s Director of Marketing from June 4, 2007. Mr. Reid joined the Company
in July 2001 as an Assistant General Counsel. 

Shawn C. Leska became Vice President, Sales on November
6, 2015. Mr. Leska joined the Company in 1989 and has served in a variety of positions in the sales department. Most recently, Mr. Leska
served as Director of Sales since 2011. 

Where You Can Find More Information 

The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and accordingly, files its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Definitive Proxy Statements, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). As an electronic filer, the Company's public filings are maintained on the SEC's Internet site that contains
reports, 

10 

Table of Contents 

proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address
of that website is http://www.sec.gov. 

The Company makes its Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Definitive Proxy Statements, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act accessible free of charge through the Company's Internet site after the Company
has electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.ruger.com. However,
such reports may not be accessible through the Company's website as promptly as they are accessible on the SEC s website. 

Additionally, the Company s corporate governance
materials, including its Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance,
Risk Oversight and Capital Policy committees, and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may also be found under the Investor
Relations subsection of the Corporate section of the Company s Internet site at http://www.ruger.com/corporate.
A copy of the foregoing corporate governance materials is available upon written request to the Corporate Secretary at Sturm, Ruger 
Company, Inc., 1 Lacey Place, Southport, Connecticut 06890. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

The Company s operations could be affected by
various risks, many of which are beyond its control. Based on current information, the Company believes that the following identifies
the most significant risk factors that could adversely affect its business. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator
of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

In evaluating the Company s business, the following
risk factors, as well as other information in this report, should be carefully considered. 

Changes in government policies and firearms legislation
could adversely affect the Company s financial results. 

The sale, purchase, ownership, and use of firearms
are subject to thousands of federal, state and local governmental regulations. The basic federal laws are the National Firearms Act, the
Federal Firearms Act, and the Gun Control Act of 1968. Federal law generally prohibits the private ownership of fully automatic weapons
manufactured after 1986 and places certain restrictions on the interstate sale of firearms unless certain licenses are obtained. The Company
does not manufacture fully automatic weapons and holds all necessary licenses under these federal laws. If the scope of the National Firearms
Act is expanded to regulate firearms currently regulated by the Gun Control Act, it could make acquisition of commonly owned and used
firearms more expensive and complicated for consumers, which could have a material adverse impact on demand for Company products. Several
states currently have laws in effect similar to the aforementioned legislation. 

In 2005, Congress enacted the Protection of Lawful
Commerce in Arms Act PLCAA ). The PLCAA was enacted to address abuses by cities and agenda-driven individuals who wrongly

11 

Table of Contents 

sought to make firearms manufacturers liable for legally manufactured and lawfully sold products if those products were later used in
criminal acts. The Company believes the PLCAA merely codifies common sense and long standing tort principles. If the PLCAA is repealed
or efforts to circumvent it are successful and lawsuits similar to those filed by cities and agenda-driven individuals in the late 1990s
and early 2000s are allowed to proceed, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

Currently, federal and several states legislatures
are considering additional legislation relating to the regulation of firearms. These proposed bills are numerous and extremely varied,
but many seek either to restrict or ban the sale and, in some cases, the ownership of various types of firearms. Other legislation seeks
to require new technologies, such as microstamping and so-called smart gun technology, which are not proven, reliable or
feasible. Such legislation became effective in California in 2013, which has limited our ability to sell certain products in California.
If similar legislation is enacted in other states, or at the Federal level, it could effectively ban or severely limit the sale of affected
firearms. There also are legislative proposals to limit magazine capacity. 

The Company believes that the lawful private ownership
of firearms is guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution and that the widespread private ownership of firearms
in the United States will continue. However, there can be no assurance that the regulation of firearms will not become more restrictive
in the future and that any such restriction would not have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. Numerous bills regulating
the ownership of firearms have been proposed at the state and federal levels, and these bills propose a wide variety of restrictions including,
for example, limiting the number of firearms that may be purchased in a specified time, increasing the age for ownership, imposing additional
licensing or registration requirements, creating additional restrictions on certain, common firearm features, and levying new taxes on
firearms and/or ammunition. 

The Company s results of operations could
be further adversely affected if legislation with diverse requirements is enacted . 

With literally thousands of laws being proposed at
the federal, state and local levels, if even a small percentage of these laws are enacted and they are incongruent, the Company could
find it difficult, expensive or even practically impossible to comply with them, impeding new product development and distribution of
existing products. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s operations, financial results, cash flow, and financial condition. 

The COVID-19 pandemic created significant uncertainty
and adversely impacted many industries throughout the global economy. Thus far, the Company has been able to mitigate the impact of COVID-19
through its proactive measures. The extent to which it impacts the Company s operations, financial results, cash flow, and financial
condition is difficult to predict and dependent upon many factors over which the Company has no control. These factors include, but are
not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic; government restrictions on businesses and individuals; potential significant
adverse impacts on the Company s employees, customers, suppliers, or service providers; the impact on U.S. and global economies
and the timing and rate of economic recovery; and potential adverse effects on the financial markets, any of which could negatively impact
the Company. 

12 

Table of Contents 

The Company s results of operations could be adversely affected
by litigation. 

The Company faces risks arising from various asserted
and unasserted litigation matters. These matters include, but are not limited to, assertions of allegedly defective product design or
manufacture, alleged failure to warn, purported class actions against firearms manufacturers, generally seeking relief such as medical
expense reimbursement, property damages, and punitive damages arising from accidents involving firearms or the criminal misuse of firearms,
and those lawsuits filed on behalf of municipalities alleging harm to the general public. Various factors or developments can lead to
changes in current estimates of liabilities such as final adverse judgment, significant settlement or changes in applicable law. A future
adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results. See
Note 21 to the financial statements which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The Company relies upon relationships with financial
institutions. 

The Company utilizes the services of numerous financial
institutions, including banks, insurance carriers, transfer agents, and others. Anti-gun politicians, gun-control activists, and others
may target these institutions and attempt to pressure them into ceasing to do business with the Company, or to use financial relationships
to impose unacceptable and improper restrictions on the Company s business, which could have a material adverse impact on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to protect us from claims or losses.

We maintain insurance coverage with third-party insurers.
However, not every risk or liability is or can be protected by insurance, and, for those risks we insure, the limits of coverage we purchase
or that are reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover all actual losses or liabilities incurred. Moreover, there
is a risk that commercially available liability insurance will not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost, if at all. If
liability claims or losses exceed our current or available insurance coverage, our business and prospects may be harmed. 

The Company s results of operations could
be adversely affected by a decrease in demand for Company products. 

If demand for the Company s products decreases
significantly, the Company would be unable to efficiently utilize its capacity, and profitability would suffer. Decreased demand could
result from a macroeconomic downturn, or could be specific to the firearms industry as a result of social, political, or other factors.
If the decrease in demand occurs abruptly, the adverse impact would be even greater. 

The financial health of our independent distributors is critical to
our success. 

Over 90 of our sales are made to 15 federally licensed,
independent wholesale distributors. We review our distributors financial statements and have credit insurance for many of them.
However, our credit evaluations of distributors and credit insurance may not be completely effective, especially if interest rate increases
continue to exact an additional financial strain. If one or more independent distributors experience financial distress or liquidity issues,
our sales could be adversely affected and we may not be able to collect our accounts receivable on a timely basis, which would have an
adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 

13 

Table of Contents 

The Company must comply with various laws and regulations
pertaining to workplace safety and environment, environmental matters, and firearms manufacturing. 

In the normal course of its manufacturing operations,
the Company is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations, and governmental proceedings and orders.
These laws and regulations pertain to matters like workplace safety and environment, firearms serial number tracking and control, waste
disposal, air emissions and water discharges into the environment. Noncompliance with any one or more of these laws and regulations could
have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

Misconduct of our employees or contractors could
cause us to lose customers and could have a significant adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

Misconduct, fraud or other improper activities by
our employees or contractors could have a material adverse impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure
to comply with federal, state, local or foreign government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of personal information,
laws and regulations relating to antitrust and any other applicable laws or regulations. 

Product quality and performance is important
to the Company s success. 

The Company has a long history
of producing rugged, reliable firearms for the commercial market. While we believe our record of designing, manufacturing, and selling
high-quality products demonstrates our commitment to safety and quality, we have occasionally identified design and/or manufacturing issues
with respect to some firearms and, as a result, issued a product safety bulletin or initiated a product recall. Depending upon the volume
of products we have shipped into the market, any future recall or safety bulletin could harm our reputation, cause us to lose business,
and cause us to incur significant support and repair costs. 

Business disruptions at one of the Company s
manufacturing facilities could adversely affect the Company s financial results. 

The Newport, New Hampshire, Prescott, Arizona, Mayodan,
North Carolina, and Earth City, Missouri facilities are critical to the Company s success. These facilities house the Company s
principal production, research, development, engineering, design, and shipping operations. Any event that causes a disruption of the operation
of any of these facilities for even a relatively short period of time could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability
to produce and ship products and to provide service to its customers. 

We rely on our information and communications systems
in our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Cyber-security threats are significant and evolving
and include, among others, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that
could lead to disruptions in mission critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption
of data. In addition to security threats, we are also subject to other systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures,
whether caused by us, third-party service providers, natural disasters, power shortages, terrorist attacks or other events. The unavailability
of our information or communications systems, the failure of these systems to perform as anticipated or any significant breach of data
security could cause loss of data, disrupt our operations, lead to financial losses from remedial actions, require significant management

14 

Table of Contents 

attention and resources, and negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, which could have a negative impact on
our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

The lack of available raw materials or component
parts could disrupt or even cease the Company s manufacturing operations. Even if manufacturing operations are not disrupted, increased
costs of raw materials and component parts could adversely affect the Company s financial results. 

Third parties supply the Company with various raw
materials for its firearms and castings, such as fabricated steel components, walnut, birch, beech, maple and laminated lumber for rifle
stocks, wax, ceramic material, metal alloys, various synthetic products and other component parts. There is a limited supply of these
materials in the marketplace at any given time, which can cause the purchase prices to vary based upon numerous market factors. If market
conditions result in a significant prolonged inflation of certain prices or if adequate quantities of raw materials cannot be obtained,
the Company s manufacturing processes could be interrupted and the Company s financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

We rely primarily on third
parties for transportation of the products we manufacture as well as delivery of our raw materials. 

Any increase in the cost
of the transportation of our raw materials or products, as a result of increases in fuel or labor costs, higher demand for logistics services,
consolidation in the transportation industry or otherwise, may adversely affect our results of operations. If any of these providers were
to fail to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture and deliver our products in a timely manner.
In addition, if any of these third parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them
at a reasonable cost. And such failure of a third-party transportation provider could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer
relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations 

The integration of Marlin
branded firearms may be more difficult than anticipated. 

If we are unable to execute
our strategy related to the acquisition of Marlin assets and we are not able to manufacture Marlin branded firearms to the planned level
of quality, quantity, cost effectiveness, or timeliness as planned, our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation would
suffer. 

Availability and retention
of our labor force, especially our key management, is critical to the success of the Company. 

We
have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market, which could inhibit our ability to recruit and retain the
employees we require and could lead to increased costs, such as additional overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract
and retain employees. We rely on the knowledge, experience, and leadership skills of our senior management team. Our senior executives
are not bound by employment agreements. The loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel could
have a significant adverse impact on our business . 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

The Company s manufacturing operations are carried
out at four facilities. The following table sets forth certain information regarding each of these facilities: 

Approximate Aggregate 
 Usable Square Feet 
 Status 
 Segment 

Newport, New Hampshire 
 350,000 
 Owned 
 Firearms/Castings 

Prescott, Arizona 
 230,000 
 Leased 
 Firearms 

Mayodan, North Carolina 
 220,000 
 Owned 
 Firearms 

Earth City, Missouri 
 35,000 
 Leased 
 Castings 

Each firearms facility contains enclosed ranges for
testing firearms. The lease of the Prescott facility provides for rental payments which are approximately equivalent to estimated rates
for real property taxes. 

The Company has other facilities that were not used
in its manufacturing operations in 2022: 

Approximate Aggregate 
 Usable Square 
Feet 
 Status 
 Segment 

Southport, Connecticut 
 25,000 
 Owned 
 Corporate 

Newport, New Hampshire(Dorr Woolen Building) 
 45,000 
 Owned 
 Firearms 

Enfield, Connecticut 
 10,000 
 Leased 
 Firearms 

Rochester, New Hampshire 
 2,000 
 Leased 
 Firearms 

Fairport, New York 
 3,700 
 Leased 
 Corporate 

Mayodan, North Carolina 
 225,000 
 Owned 
 Firearms 

Madison, North Carolina 
 130,000 
 Leased 
 Firearms 

There are no mortgages or any other major encumbrance
on any of the real estate owned by the Company. 

The Company s principal executive offices are
located in Southport, Connecticut. 

16 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The nature of the legal proceedings against the Company
is discussed at Note 21 to the financial statements, which are included in this Form 10-K. 

The Company has reported all cases instituted against
it through October 1, 2022, and the results of those cases, where terminated, to the SEC on its previous Form 10-Q and 10-K reports, to
which reference is hereby made. 

There were five lawsuits formally instituted against the Company during
the three months ending December 31, 2022. As follows: 

The City of Buffalo v. Smith Wesson Brands, Inc., et al. ,
filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for Erie County on December 20, 2022. 

The City of Rochester v. Smith Wesson Brands, Inc., et al. ,
filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for Monroe County on December 21, 2022. 

Rossiter v. Sturm, Ruger Co., Inc., et al. , filed in the Sullivan
County Superior Court for the State of New Hampshire on December 13, 2022. 

Jones v. Sturm, Ruger Co. , filed in the U.S. District Court
for the District of Connecticut, on October 4, 2022. 

Copeland v. Sturm, Ruger Company, et al. , filed in the U.S.
District Court for the District of New Jersey, on October 27, 2022. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES NOT APPLICABLE 

17 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The Company s common stock is traded on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RGR. At February 10, 2023, the Company had 1,826 stockholders of record. 

Issuer Repurchase of Equity Securities 

In 2022 the Company repurchased shares of its common
stock. In 2020 and 2021, the Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock. Details of the purchases in 2022 follow: 

Period 
 Total 
Number of 
 Shares 
Purchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
per Share 
 Total 
Number of 
Shares 
Purchased 
as Part of 
Publicly 
Announced 
Program 
 Maximum 
Dollar 
Value of 
Shares that 
May Yet Be 
Purchased 
Under the 
Program 

Third Quarter 2022 

July 3 to July 30 

July 31 to August 27 

August 28 to October 1 
 2,136 
 49.97 
 2,136 

Fourth Quarter 2022 

October 2 to October 29 

October 30 to November 26 
 2,304 
 49.77 
 2,304 

November 27 to December 31 

Total 
 4,440 
 49.87 
 4,440 
 86,490,000 

All of these purchases were made with cash held by
the Company and no debt was incurred. 

At December 31, 2022 approximately 86.5 million remained
authorized for share repurchases. 

18 

Table of Contents 

Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 
 
 Sturm, Ruger Co., Inc., Standard Poor s 500, Dow Jones US Recreational Products 
TSM Index, Recreation, and Russell 2000 Index 
 
 (Performance Results Through 12/31/22) 

2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 
 Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. 
 100.00 
 97.15 
 87.30 
 131.09 
 143.24 
 120.97 
 
 Standard Poors 500 
 100.00 
 95.62 
 125.72 
 148.85 
 191.58 
 156.89 
 
 Russell 2000 Index 
 100.00 
 88.99 
 111.70 
 134.00 
 153.85 
 122.41 
 
 Dow Jones US Recreational Products TSM 
 100.00 
 70.31 
 99.63 
 134.26 
 175.68 
 115.37 
 
 Recreation 
 100.00 
 82.25 
 102.86 
 111.23 
 104.15 
 63.34 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has provided the five
year cumulative total return results for the Dow Jones US Recreational Products Index, a widely-published index tracking companies that
provide recreational products, along with those of the Recreation index formerly used by the Company, which is comprised of companies
in the broader recreation industry and was prepared by a former service provider of the Company that is no longer providing cumulative
total return calculations. The five year results for both the former Recreation index and the Dow Jones US Recreational Products Index
are presented above. 

19 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

20 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Company Overview 

Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. (the Company is principally engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of firearms to domestic customers. Approximately 99 of sales are from firearms.
Export sales represent approximately 6 of total sales. The Company s design and manufacturing operations are located in the United
States and almost all product content is domestic. The Company s firearms are sold through a select number of independent wholesale
distributors, principally to the commercial sporting market. 

The Company also manufactures investment castings
made from steel alloys and metal injection molding MIM parts for internal use in its firearms and for sale to unaffiliated,
third-party customers. Less than 1 of sales are from the castings segment. 

Orders of many models of firearms from the independent
distributors tend to be stronger in the first quarter of the year and weaker in the third quarter of the year. 

Impact of COVID-19 

The global outbreak of the Coronavirus disease 2019
was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. Government in March 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic
has created significant uncertainty and adversely impacted many industries throughout the global economy. In 2022, the Company was able
to mitigate the adverse impact on its business resulting from government restrictions on the movement of people, goods, and services.
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is fluid and continues to evolve, and, therefore, the Company cannot predict the extent to which its
business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows will ultimately be impacted. Management, with guidance from a dedicated
Company COVID-19 Task Force, continues to monitor and assess the situation, take proactive steps to promote the health and safety of its
employees, and prepare for potential implications for the Company s business, supply chain and customer demand. 

From a liquidity perspective, the Company believes
it is currently well positioned to continue to manage through this global crisis. At the end of 2022, the Company was debt-free and had
cash and short-term investments totaling 224.3 million. 

The impact of COVID-19 in 2022 and future years on
consumer demand and the Company s business, operations, financial results financial condition, and cash flows is dependent on future
developments, including the duration of the pandemic and the related impact on the global economy, which remains uncertain. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations - 2022 

Product Demand 

The estimated sell-through of
the Company s products from the independent distributors to retailers in 2022 decreased 25 from 2021. For the same period, adjusted
NICS decreased 11 . These decreases are attributable to decreased consumer demand for firearms from the unprecedented levels of the surge
that began in 2020 and remained for most of 2021.The greater reduction in the sell-through of the Company s products relative to
adjusted NICS background checks may be attributable to the following: 

More aggressive promotions, discounts, rebates, and the extension of payment terms offered by our competitors, 

An apparent increase in sales of used firearms at retail, which are included in the adjusted NICS checks,
but are not distinguished from new gun sales, and 

Decreased retailer inventories as the anticipation of further discounting may be encouraging cautious
buying behavior by retailers. 

Estimated sell-through from distributors to retailers and total adjusted
NICS background checks: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers (1) 
 1,506,800 
 2,017,800 
 1,948,900 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks (2) 
 16,425,000 
 18,515,000 
 21,084,000 

(1) The estimates for each period were calculated by taking the beginning inventory at the distributors, plus
shipments from the Company to distributors during the period, less the ending inventory at distributors. These estimates are only a proxy
for actual market demand as they: 

Rely on data provided by independent distributors
that are not verified by the Company, 

Do not consider potential timing issues within
the distribution channel, including goods-in-transit, and 

Do not consider fluctuations in inventory at
retail. 

(2) NICS background checks are performed when the ownership of most firearms, either new or used, is transferred
by a Federal Firearms Licensee. NICS background checks are also performed for permit applications, permit renewals, and other administrative
reasons. 

The adjusted NICS data presented above was
derived by the NSSF by subtracting NICS checks that are not directly related to the sale of a firearm, including checks 

22 

Table of Contents 

used for concealed
carry CCW permit application checks as well as checks on active CCW permit databases. 

Adjusted NICS data can be impacted by changes
in state laws and regulations and any directives and interpretations issued by governmental agencies. 

Orders Received and Ending Backlog 

The Company uses the estimated unit sell-through of
our products from the independent distributors to retailers, along with inventory levels at the independent distributors and at the Company,
as the key metrics for planning production levels. 

The units ordered, value of orders received and ending backlog,
net of Federal Excise Tax, for the trailing three years are as follows (dollars in millions, except average sales price): 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Orders Received 
 451.2 
 606.5 
 992.9 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received 
 416 
 330 
 326 

Ending Backlog 
 314.4 
 429.7 
 516.6 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog 
 486 
 357 
 342 

Production 

The Company reviews the estimated sell-through from
the independent distributors to retailers, as well as inventory levels at the independent distributors and at the Company, to plan production
levels and manage inventories. These reviews resulted in a decrease in total unit production of 20 in 2022 compared to 2021. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Annual Summary Unit Data 

Firearms unit data for orders, production, and
shipments follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Units Ordered 
 1,083,800 
 1,835,500 
 3,041,700 

Units Produced 
 1,733,200 
 2,154,600 
 1,659,100 

Units Shipped 
 1,641,000 
 2,142,900 
 1,717,700 

Average Sales Price 
 362 
 340 
 329 

Units Backlog 
 647,300 
 1,204,500 
 1,511,900 

Inventories 

The Company s finished goods inventory increased
by 92,200 units during 2022. 

Distributor
inventories of the Company s products increased by 134,200 units during 2022, and approximate a reasonable level to support rapid
fulfillment of retailer demand for most product families . 

Inventory data follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Units Company Inventory 
 112,800 
 20,600 
 8,800 

Units Distributor Inventory (3) 
 298,400 
 164,200 
 39,200 

Total inventory (4) 
 411,200 
 184,800 
 48,000 

(3) Distributor ending inventory as provided by the independent distributors of the Company s products.
These numbers do not include goods-in-transit inventory that has been shipped from the Company but not yet received by the distributors. 

(4) This total does not include inventory at retailers. The Company does not have access to data on retailer
inventories. 

24 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to year
ended December 31, 2021: 

Net Sales, Cost of Products Sold, and Gross Profit 

Net
sales, c ost of products sold, and gross profit data for the year ended (dollars in millions): 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net firearms sales 
 593.3 
 728.1 
 (134.8 
 (18.5 

Net casting sales 
 2.5 
 2.6 
 (0.1 
 (1.6 

Total net sales 
 595.8 
 730.7 
 (134.9 
 (18.5 

Cost of products sold 
 415.7 
 451.2 
 (35.5 
 (7.8 

Gross profit 
 180.1 
 279.5 
 (99.4 
 (35.6 

Gross margin 
 30.2 
 38.3 
 (8.1 
 (29.7 

Firearms sales and unit shipments decreased 18.5 and 23.4 , respectively, in 2022.
New products represented 78.4 million or 14 of firearms sales in 2022, compared to 155.5 million or 22 of firearms sales in 2021.
New product sales include only major new products that were introduced in the past two years. In 2022, new products included the MAX-9
pistol, LCP MAX, Marlin 1895 lever-action rifles, PC Charger, LC Carbine, and Small-Frame Autoloading Rifle. 

The decreased gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributable to the significant decrease in sales ,
as well as inflationary cost increases in materials, commodities, services, energy, fuel and transportation, which were partially offset
by increased pricing . 

The
decrease in gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 is attributable to the
aforementioned inflationary cost increases and unfavorable deleveraging of fixed costs resulting from decreased production and sales. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 76.6 million in 2022, a slight increase of 0.1 million from 76.5 million in 2021, and an increase
from 10.5 of sales in 2021 to 12.9 of sales in 2022. The increase in these expenses was primarily attributable to increased shipping
costs and to the resumption of trade show participation costs, travel expenditures, and advertising that had been deferred during the
height of the COVID-19 restrictions, almost entirely offset by decreased 

25 

Table of Contents 

incentive compensation expenses and decreased variable costs,
such as shipping, as a result of the reduced sales volume. 

Other Operating Income (Expense), Net 

Other operating income (expense), net was de minimis
in 2022 and an expense of 0.1 million in 2021. 

Operating Income 

Operating income was 103.5 million or 17.3 of sales
in 2022. This is a decrease of 99.6 million from 2021 operating income of 203.1 million or 27.8 of sales. 

Royalty Income 

Royalty income was 0.8 million in 2022 and 2.0 million
in 2021. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was 2.6 million in 2022, an increase
from de minimis earnings in 2021, due to significantly increased interest rates earned on short-term investments beginning in the second
quarter of 2022. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 0.3 million in 2022 and 0.2
million and 2021. 

Other Income, Net 

Other income, net was 1.7 million in 2022, an increase
of 0.1 million from 1.6 million in 2021. 

Income Taxes and Net Income 

The
effective income tax rate was 18.4 in 2022 and 24.5 in 2021. The Company's 2022 and 2021 effective tax rate differs from the
statutory federal tax rate due principally to the availability of research and development tax credits, state income taxes, and the nondeductibility
of certain executive compensation. The decrease in the 2022 effective tax rate was primarily attributable to research and development
tax credits, some of which related to amended prior year income tax returns. The impact related to research and development tax credits
on the effective tax rate is expected to decline in future years. 

As a result of the foregoing factors, consolidated
net income was 88.3 million in 2022. This represents a decrease of 67.6 million from 2021 consolidated net income of 155.9 million. 

26 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure 

In an effort to provide investors with additional
information regarding its results, the Company refers to various United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP financial measures and two non-GAAP financial measures, EBITDA and EBITDA margin, which management believes provides useful information
to investors. These non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures being disclosed by other companies. In addition,
the Company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures.
The Company believes that EBITDA and EBITDA margin are useful to understanding its operating results and the ongoing performance of its
underlying business, as EBITDA provides information on the Company s ability to meet its capital expenditure and working capital
requirements, and is also an indicator of profitability. The Company believes that this reporting provides better transparency and comparability
to its operating results. The Company uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its financial performance. 

Non-GAAP Reconciliation EBITDA 

EBITDA 

(Unaudited, dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Net income 
 88,332 
 155,899 

Income tax expense 
 19,947 
 50,695 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 25,789 
 26,152 
 
 Interest expense 
 256 
 164 
 
 Interest income 
 (2,552 
 (49 
 
 EBITDA 
 131,772 
 232,861 
 
 EBITDA margin 
 22.1 
 31.9 

EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes,
and depreciation and amortization. The Company calculates this by adding the amount of interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation
and amortization expenses that have been deducted from net income back into net income, and subtracting the amount of interest income
that was included in net income from net income to arrive at EBITDA. The Company s EBITDA calculation also excludes any one-time
non-cash, non-operating expense. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Data 

To supplement the summary annual unit data and discussion
above, the same data for the last eight quarters follows: 

2022 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Units Ordered 
 156,000 
 295,600 
 250,600 
 381,600 

Units Produced 
 397,300 
 382,800 
 431,800 
 521,300 

Units Shipped 
 393,100 
 373,800 
 382,600 
 491,500 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers 
 397,800 
 343,500 
 354,300 
 411,200 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks 
 4,531,000 
 3,764,000 
 3,917,000 
 4,213,000 

Average Unit Sales Price 
 378 
 371 
 366 
 338 

Units Backlog 
 647,300 
 884,400 
 962,600 
 1,094,600 

Units Company Inventory 
 112,800 
 108,600 
 99,700 
 50,400 

Units Distributor Inventory (5) 
 298,400 
 303,100 
 272,800 
 244,600 

2021 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Units Ordered 
 373,000 
 218,800 
 453,400 
 790,300 

Units Produced 
 512,100 
 525,200 
 575,400 
 541,900 

Units Shipped 
 502,300 
 524,800 
 580,800 
 535,000 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers 
 458,200 
 457,400 
 583,300 
 518,900 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks 
 4,763,000 
 3,971,000 
 4,298,000 
 5,483,000 

Average Unit Sales Price 
 334 
 338 
 343 
 343 

Units Backlog 
 1,204,500 
 1,333,800 
 1,639,800 
 1,767,200 

Units Company Inventory 
 20,600 
 10,900 
 10,400 
 15,700 

Units Distributor Inventory (5) 
 164,200 
 120,100 
 52,800 
 55,300 

28 

Table of Contents 

(5) Distributor ending inventory as provided by the independent distributors of the Company s products. 

(in millions except
average sales price, net of Federal Excise Tax) 

2022 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Orders Received 
 81.0 
 124.3 
 98.9 
 147.0 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received 
 519 
 421 
 395 
 385 

Ending Backlog 
 314.4 
 377.6 
 389.6 
 420.5 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog 
 486 
 427 
 405 
 384 

2021 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Orders Received 
 119.2 
 61.1 
 158.3 
 267.9 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received 
 320 
 279 
 349 
 339 

Ending Backlog 
 429.7 
 471.7 
 582.3 
 612.3 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog 
 357 
 354 
 355 
 346 

29 

Table of Contents 

Fourth Quarter Net Sales and Gross Profit Analysis 

Net sales, cost of products sold, and gross profit
data for the three months ended (dollars in millions): 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Net firearms sales 
 148.7 
 167.5 
 (18.8 
 (11.3 

Net casting sales 
 0.5 
 0.5 
 
 14.8 

Total net sales 
 149.2 
 168.0 
 (18.8 
 (11.2 

Cost of products sold 
 109.6 
 104.6 
 5.0 
 4.8 

Gross profit 
 39.6 
 63.4 
 (23.8 
 (37.6 

Gross margin 
 26.5 
 37.7 
 (11.2 
 (21.1 

30 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations - 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to year
ended December 31, 2020: 

Annual Summary Unit Data 

Firearms unit data for orders, production, shipments and ending inventory,
and castings setups (a measure of foundry production) are as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Units Ordered 
 1,835,500 
 3,041,700 
 1,361,100 

Units Produced 
 2,154,600 
 1,659,100 
 1,313,400 

Units Shipped 
 2,142,900 
 1,717,700 
 1,326,200 

Average Sales Price 
 340 
 329 
 306 

Units Backlog 
 1,204,500 
 1,511,900 
 187,900 

Units Company Inventory 
 20,600 
 8,800 
 67,400 

Units Distributor Inventory (1) 
 164,200 
 39,200 
 270,400 

Castings Setups 
 68,469 
 66,044 
 62,548 

Orders Received and Ending Backlog 

(in millions except average sales price, net of Federal
Excise Tax): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Orders Received 
 606.5 
 992.9 
 398.4 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received (2) 
 330 
 326 
 293 

Ending Backlog 
 429.7 
 516.6 
 57.8 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog (2) 
 357 
 342 
 308 

(1) Distributor ending inventory as provided by the independent distributors of the Company s products. 

(2) Average sales price for orders received and ending backlog is net of Federal Excise
Tax of 10 for handguns and 11 for long guns. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Product Demand 

The estimated sell-through of
the Company s products from the independent distributors to retailers in 2021 increased 3.5 from 2020. For the same period, adjusted
NICS decreased 12 . 

The increase in the sell-through
of the Company s products compared favorably to the decrease in adjusted NICS background checks in 2021 and may be attributable
to the following: 

Strong consumer demand for the Company s products, 

Increased production in 2021, and 

The introduction of popular new products. 

Estimated sell-through from distributors to retailers and total adjusted
NICS background checks: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers (1) 
 2,017,800 
 1,948,900 
 1,355,500 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks (2) 
 18,515,000 
 21,084,000 
 13,199,000 

(1) The estimates for each period were calculated by taking the beginning inventory at the distributors, plus
shipments from the Company to distributors during the period, less the ending inventory at distributors. These estimates are only a proxy
for actual market demand as they: 

Rely on data provided by independent distributors
that are not verified by the Company, 

Do not consider potential timing issues within
the distribution channel, including goods-in-transit, and 

Do not consider fluctuations in inventory at
retail. 

(2) NICS background checks are performed when the ownership of most firearms, either new or used, is transferred
by a Federal Firearms Licensee. NICS background checks are also performed for permit applications, permit renewals, and other administrative
reasons. 

The adjusted NICS data presented above was
derived by the NSSF by subtracting NICS checks that are not directly related to the sale of a firearm, including checks used for concealed
carry CCW permit application checks as well as checks on active CCW permit databases. 

Adjusted NICS data can be impacted by changes
in state laws and regulations and any directives and interpretations issued by governmental agencies. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Production 

The Company reviews the estimated sell-through from
the independent distributors to retailers, as well as inventory levels at the independent distributors and at the Company, to plan production
levels and manage inventories. These reviews resulted in an increase in total unit production of 29.9 in 2021 compared to 2020. 

Inventories 

The Company s finished goods inventory increased
by 11,800 units during 2021, but remain significantly below pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. 

Distributor
inventories of the Company s products increased by 125,000 units during 2021, but remain significantly below the level needed to
support rapid fulfillment of retailer demand for most product families .

Inventory data follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Units Company Inventory 
 20,600 
 8,800 
 67,400 

Units Distributor Inventory (3) 
 164,200 
 39,200 
 270,400 

Total inventory (4) 
 184,800 
 48,000 
 337,800 

(3) Distributor ending inventory as provided by the independent distributors of the Company s products.
These numbers do not include goods-in-transit inventory that has been shipped from the Company but not yet received by the distributors. 

(4) This total does not include inventory at retailers. The Company does not have access to data on retailer
inventories. 

33 

Table of Contents 

Quarterly Summary Unit Data 

To supplement the summary annual unit data and discussion
above, the same data for the last eight quarters follows: 

2021 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Units Ordered 
 373,000 
 218,800 
 453,400 
 790,300 

Units Produced 
 512,100 
 525,200 
 575,400 
 541,900 

Units Shipped 
 502,300 
 524,800 
 580,800 
 535,000 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers 
 458,200 
 457,400 
 583,300 
 518,900 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks 
 4,763,000 
 3,971,000 
 4,298,000 
 5,483,000 

Average Unit Sales Price 
 334 
 338 
 343 
 343 

Units Backlog 
 1,204,500 
 1,333,800 
 1,639,800 
 1,767,200 

Units Company Inventory 
 20,600 
 10,900 
 10,400 
 15,700 

Units Distributor Inventory (5) 
 164,200 
 120,100 
 52,800 
 55,300 

2020 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Units Ordered 
 733,200 
 935,200 
 746,600 
 626,700 

Units Produced 
 491,000 
 430,400 
 374,400 
 363,300 

Units Shipped 
 493,000 
 430,700 
 395,100 
 398,900 

Estimated Units Sold from Distributors to Retailers 
 513,100 
 457,400 
 501,600 
 476,800 

Total Adjusted NICS Background Checks 
 5,626,000 
 5,165,000 
 5,452,000 
 4,841,000 

Average Unit Sales Price 
 342 
 337 
 328 
 285 

Units Backlog 
 1,511,900 
 1,271,700 
 767,200 
 415,700 

Units Company Inventory 
 8,800 
 10,700 
 11,100 
 31,900 

Units Distributor Inventory (5) 
 39,200 
 59,300 
 86,000 
 192,500 

34 

Table of Contents 

(5) Distributor ending inventory as provided by the independent distributors of the Company s products. 

(in millions except
average sales price, net of Federal Excise Tax) 

2021 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Orders Received 
 119.2 
 61.1 
 158.3 
 267.9 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received 
 320 
 279 
 349 
 339 

Ending Backlog 
 429.7 
 471.7 
 582.3 
 612.3 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog 
 357 
 354 
 355 
 346 

2020 

Q4 
 Q3 
 Q2 
 Q1 

Orders Received 
 277.1 
 284.0 
 228.8 
 203.0 

Average Sales Price of Orders Received 
 352 
 304 
 306 
 324 

Ending Backlog 
 516.6 
 410.1 
 255.6 
 142.7 

Average Sales Price of Ending Backlog 
 342 
 322 
 333 
 343 

35 

Table of Contents 

Net Sales, Cost of Products Sold, and Gross Profit 

Net
sales, c ost of products sold, and gross profit data for the year ended (dollars in millions): 

December 31, 
2021 
 December 31, 
 2020 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Net firearms sales 
 728.1 
 565.9 
 162.2 
 28.7 

Net casting sales 
 2.6 
 3.0 
 (0.4 
 (13.6) 

Total net sales 
 730.7 
 568.9 
 161.8 
 28.5 

Cost of products sold 
 451.2 
 377.5 
 73.7 
 19.5 

Gross profit 
 279.5 
 191.4 
 88.1 
 46.0 

Gross margin 
 38.3 
 33.7 
 4.6 
 13.6 

Firearms sales and unit shipments increased 28.7 and 24.8 , respectively, in 2021.
New products represented 155.5 million or 22 of firearms sales in 2021, compared to 111.2 million or 22 of firearms sales in 2020.
New product sales include only major new products that were introduced in the past two years. In 2021, new products included the Ruger-57
pistol, the PC Charger, the MAX-9 pistol, the LCP II in .22 LR pistol, the LCP MAX pistol, the Wrangler revolver, and the Marlin 1895
lever-action rifle. 

The increased gross profit for the year ended December
31, 2021 is attributable to the significant increase in sales and profitability. 

The increase in gross margin for the year ended December
31, 2021 is attributable to favorable leveraging of fixed costs, including depreciation, engineering and other indirect labor, resulting
from the increased sales and production, labor efficiencies, and reduced sales promotional activities. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses were 76.5 million in 2021, an increase of 4.2 million from 72.3 million in 2020, and a decrease
from 12.7 of sales in 2020 to 10.5 of sales in 2021. The increase in expense was primarily attributable to increased sales and
incentive compensation expenses and the decrease in the percentage of sales was attributable to the significant increase in sales. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Other Operating Income, net 

Other operating income, net was 0.1 million in 2021
and was de minimis in 2020. 

Operating Income 

Operating income was 203.1 million or 27.8 of sales
in 2021. This is an increase of 84.0 million from 2020 operating income of 119.1 million or 20.9 of sales. 

Royalty Income 

Royalty income was 2.0 million in 2021 and 0.8 million
in 2020. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was de minimis in 2021, a decrease
from 1.1 million in 2020, due to significantly decreased interest rates earned on short-term investments in 2021. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 0.2 million in 2021 and 2020. 

Other Income, Net 

Other income, net was 1.6 million in 2021, an increase
of 1.5 million from 0.1 million in 2020. 

Income Taxes and Net Income 

The
effective income tax rate was 24.5 in 2021 and 25.3 in 2020. The Company's 2021 effective tax rate differs from the statutory
federal tax rate due principally to state income taxes and the nondeductibility of certain executive compensation. The Company's 2020
effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal tax rate due principally to state income taxes. 

As a result of the foregoing factors, consolidated
net income was 155.9 million in 2021. This represents an increase of 65.5 million from 2020 consolidated net income of 90.4 million. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measure 

In an effort to provide investors with additional
information regarding its results, the Company refers to various United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP financial measures and two non-GAAP financial measures, EBITDA and EBITDA margin, which management believes provides useful information
to investors. These non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures being disclosed by other companies. In addition,
the Company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures.
The Company believes that EBITDA and EBITDA margin are useful to understanding its operating results and the ongoing performance of its

37 

Table of Contents 

underlying business, as EBITDA provides information on the Company s ability to meet its capital expenditure and working capital
requirements, and is also an indicator of profitability. The Company believes that this reporting provides better transparency and comparability
to its operating results. The Company uses both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate its financial performance. 

Non-GAAP Reconciliation EBITDA 

EBITDA 

(Unaudited, dollars in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 
 2021 
 2020 

Net income 
 155,899 
 90,398 

Income tax expense 
 50,695 
 30,583 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 26,152 
 27,576 
 
 Interest expense 
 164 
 191 
 
 Interest income 
 (49 
 (1,126 
 
 EBITDA 
 232,861 
 147,622 
 
 EBITDA margin 
 31.9 
 26.0 

EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes,
and depreciation and amortization. The Company calculates this by adding the amount of interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation
and amortization expenses that have been deducted from net income back into net income, and subtracting the amount of interest income
that was included in net income from net income to arrive at EBITDA. The Company s EBITDA calculation also excludes any one-time
non-cash, non-operating expense. 

Financial Condition 

Liquidity 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 65.2 million and 159.1 million
in short term investments. Our pre-LIFO working capital of 258.3 million, less the LIFO reserve of 59.5 million, resulted in working
capital of 198.7 million and a current ratio of 2.2 to 1. The Company s current ratio is lower than previous years primarily due
to the dividends payable of 88 million related to the 5.00 per share special dividend that was declared on November 30, 2022 and paid
on January 5, 2023. The Company also has access to a 40 million unsecured revolving line of credit that is currently undrawn. 

Capital Resources 

The Company believes that its cash flow from operations,
current cash position, and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash requirements and 

38 

Table of Contents 

contractual
obligations, which includes funding the Company s capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, and share repurchases. 

Operations 

Cash provided by operating activities was 77.2 million,
 172.3 million, and 143.8 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The decrease in cash provided in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily
attributable to significantly decreased earnings in 2022 and increased inventories in 2022. 

The increase in cash provided in 2021 compared to
2020 is primarily attributable to significantly increased earnings in 2021. 

Third parties supply the Company with various raw
materials for its firearms and castings, such as fabricated steel components, walnut, birch, beech, maple and laminated lumber for rifle
stocks, wax, ceramic material, metal alloys, various synthetic products and other component parts. There is a limited supply of these
materials in the marketplace at any given time, which can cause the purchase prices to vary based upon numerous market factors. If market
conditions result in a significant prolonged inflation of certain prices or if adequate quantities of raw materials cannot be obtained,
the Company s manufacturing processes could be interrupted and the Company s financial condition or results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

Investing and
Financing 

Capital expenditures were 27.7 million, 28.8 million,
and 24.2 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2023, the Company expects capital expenditures to approximate 20 million,
much of which will relate to tooling and fixtures for new product introductions and to upgrade and modernize manufacturing equipment.
Due to market conditions and business circumstances, actual capital expenditures could vary significantly from the budgeted amount. The
Company finances, and intends to continue to finance, all of these activities with funds provided by operations and current cash. 

 Included in capital expenditures amount noted above,
on October 3, 2022 the Company purchased a 225,000 square foot facility, which it had previously been leasing, in Mayodan, North Carolina
for 8.3 million for use in its manufacturing and warehousing operations. 

On November
23, 2020, the Company acquired substantially all of the Marlin Firearms assets, consisting of inventory, machinery and equipment, and
intangible assets. The agreement to purchase these assets emanated from the Remington Outdoor Company, Inc. bankruptcy and was approved
by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Alabama on September 30, 2020. The purchase price of approximately
 28.3 million was paid with available cash on hand. Shipments of Ruger-made, Marlin lever-action rifles commenced in the fourth quarter
of 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 107.0 million of United States Treasury instruments which mature within one year. The Company
also invests available cash in a bank-managed 

39 

Table of Contents 

money market fund that invests exclusively in United States Treasury instruments which mature
within one year. At December 31, 2022, the Company s investment in this money market fund totaled 52.1 million. 

In 2022, the Company repurchased
4,440 shares of its common stock for 0.2 million in the open market. The average price per share purchased was 49.87. These purchases
were funded with cash on hand. No shares were repurchased in 2020 or 2021. 

At December 31, 2022, approximately 86.5 million
remained authorized for future share repurchases . 

The
Company paid dividends totaling 42.7 million, 59.1 million, and 113.9 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increased
dividends paid in 2020 were attributable to a 5.00 per share special dividend paid in August 2020. The
quarterly dividend varies every quarter because the Company pays a percentage of earnings rather than a fixed amount per share. The Company s
practice is to pay a dividend of approximately 40 of net income. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company paid a 5.00 per share special dividend to shareholders of
record on December 15, 2022. On February 17, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a dividend of 42 per share
to shareholders of record on March 10, 2023. The payment of future dividends depends on many factors, including internal estimates of
future performance, then-current cash, and the Company s need for funds. 

The Company provides supplemental discretionary contributions
to substantially all employees individual 401(k) accounts. 

Based on its unencumbered assets, the Company believes
it has the ability to raise cash through issuance of short-term or long-term debt. 

Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 84.6 million in agreements
to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the Company, all of which are expected to be settled in less
than one year. Additionally, the Company has approximately 4.4 million in operating lease obligations, which will be payable through
2034. The Company expects to fund all of these commitments with cash flows from operations and current cash. 

Firearms Legislation and
Litigation 

See Item 1A - Risk Factors and Note 21 to the financial
statements which are included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of firearms legislation and litigation. 

Other Operational Matters 

In the normal course of its manufacturing operations,
the Company is subject to occasional governmental proceedings and orders pertaining to workplace safety, firearms serial number tracking
and control, waste disposal, air emissions and water discharges into the environment. The 

40 

Table of Contents 

Company believes that it is generally in compliance
with applicable Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms Explosives, environmental, and safety regulations and the outcome of any proceedings
or orders will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. If these regulations
become more stringent in the future and we are not able to comply with them, such noncompliance could have a material adverse impact on
the Company. 

Currently, there are 15 domestic distributors. Additionally,
the Company has 45 and 25 distributors servicing the export and law enforcement markets, respectively. 

The Company self-insures a significant amount of its
product liability, workers compensation, medical, and other insurance. It also carries significant deductible amounts on various
insurance policies. 

The Company expects to realize its deferred tax assets
through tax deductions against future taxable income. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make assumptions and estimates that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and net sales and expenses recognized and incurred during the
reporting period then ended. The Company bases estimates on prior experience, facts and circumstances, and other assumptions, including
those reviewed with actuarial consultants and independent counsel, when applicable, that are believed to be reasonable. However, actual
results may differ from these estimates. 

The Company believes that the assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting estimates below have the greatest potential impact
on its financial statements, so the Company believes these to be its critical accounting estimates. The methodologies applied for determining
the estimates related to the below critical accounting estimates have not changed from the prior year. 

Product Liability Accrual 

The Company believes the determination of its product
liability accrual is a critical accounting policy. The Company s management reviews every lawsuit and claim and is in contact with
independent and corporate counsel on an ongoing basis. The provision for product liability claims is based upon many factors, which vary
for each case. These factors include the type of claim, nature and extent of injuries, historical settlement ranges, jurisdiction where
filed, and advice of counsel. An accrual is established for each lawsuit and claim, when appropriate, based on the nature of each such
lawsuit or claim. 

Amounts are charged to product liability expense in
the period in which the Company becomes aware that a claim or, in some instances a threat of a claim, has been made when potential losses
or costs of defense are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Such amounts are determined based on the Company s experience
in defending similar claims. Occasionally, charges are made for claims made in prior periods because the cumulative actual costs incurred
for that claim, or reasonably expected to be incurred in the future, exceed amounts already provided with respect to 

41 

Table of Contents 

such claims. Likewise,
credits may be taken if cumulative actual costs incurred for that claim, or reasonably expected to be incurred in the future, are less
than amounts previously provided. 

While it is not possible to forecast the outcome of
litigation or the timing of related costs, in the opinion of management, after consultation with independent and corporate counsel, there
is a remote likelihood that litigation, including punitive damage claims, will have a material adverse effect on the financial position
of the Company, but such litigation may have a material impact on the Company s financial results and cash flows for a particular
period. 

Inventory Valuation and Reserves 

The Company believes the valuation of its inventory
and the related excess and obsolescence reserve is also a critical accounting policy. Inventories are carried at the lower of cost, principally
determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method, or market. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method is made at the end
of each year based on the inventory levels and the Company s estimates of the prevailing costs of the many components of inventory
existing at that time. 

The Company determines its excess and obsolescence
reserve by projecting the year in which inventory will be consumed into a finished product. Given ever-changing market conditions, customer
preferences and the anticipated introduction of new products, projecting the future usage of inventory is subjective. As such, it does
not seem prudent to carry inventory at full cost beyond what the Company projects to be needed during the next 36 months. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

None. 

Forward-Looking Statements and Projections 

The Company may, from time to time, make forward-looking
statements and projections concerning future expectations. Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to certain
qualifying risks and uncertainties, such as market demand, sales levels of firearms, anticipated castings sales and earnings, the need
for external financing for operations or capital expenditures, the results of pending litigation against the Company, the impact of future
firearms control and environmental legislation and accounting estimates, any one or more of which could cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, will, should, could and other words and terms of similar meaning, typically
identify such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date such forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of subsequent unanticipated events. 

42 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

The Company is exposed to changing interest rates
on its investments, which consist primarily of United States Treasury instruments with short-term (less than one year) maturities and
cash. The interest rate market risk implicit in the Company's investments at any given time is low, as the investments mature within short
periods and the Company does not have significant exposure to changing interest rates on invested cash. 

The Company has not undertaken any actions to cover
interest rate market risk and is not a party to any interest rate market risk management activities. 

A hypothetical 100 basis point change in market interest
rates over the next year would not materially impact the Company s earnings or cash flows. A hypothetical 100 basis point change
in market interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair value of the Company s investments. 

43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 45 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 48 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 50 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 51 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 52 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 53 

44 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Sturm, Ruger Company,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Subsidiary's (the
Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in
the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

/s/RSM US LLP 

Stamford, Connecticut 

February 22, 2023 

45 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Sturm, Ruger Company,
Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sturm,
Ruger Company, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it
relates. 

46 

Table of Contents 

Last-In, First-Out Inventory Reserve As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the financial statements, substantially all
of the Company s inventories are valued at the lower of cost, which is principally determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method,
or net realizable value, and the Company's consolidated net inventories balance of 65.0 million as of December 31, 2022, included a LIFO
inventory reserve of 59.5 million. The Company records its net inventories under the LIFO method at the end of each year based on the
inventory levels at the measurement date and the prevailing inventory costs existing at that time which are estimated using a complex
manual
 calculation. 

We identified the LIFO inventory reserve as a critical audit matter because
of the complexities of the manual calculations performed by management to estimate the prevailing inventory costs, which includes calculations
to estimate current year price level changes through the development of a prior year and a current year cumulative price index. Auditing
management s estimate of the LIFO inventory reserve was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased audit
effort due to the complexities of management s manual calculations. 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s
LIFO inventory reserve included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the LIFO inventory reserve and tested
such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls related to the review of the calculations related to the estimate
of the current year price level changes, the calculation of the cumulative price indexes, and the estimate of the LIFO inventory reserve. 

We tested the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the underlying data used in management's estimate
of the current year price level changes, the calculation of cumulative price index and the LIFO inventory reserve. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation to estimate the LIFO inventory
reserve. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of management s methodologies to develop the estimate of the LIFO
inventory reserve. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of the current year price level changes
by comparing management s estimate to external market data. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2005. 

February 22, 2023 

47 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Trade receivables, net 

Gross inventories 

Less LIFO reserve 

Less excess and obsolescence reserve 

Net inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Less allowances for depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

48 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Dividends Payable 

Contract liabilities with customers (Note 3) 

Product liability 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Workers compensation 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability (Note 8) 

Employee compensation 

Product liability accrual 

Contingent liabilities (Note 21) 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, non-voting, par value 1: 

Authorized shares ; none issued

Common stock, par value 1: 

Authorized shares 40,000,000 

2022 24,378,568 issued, 

17,664,230 outstanding 

2021 24,306,486 issued, 

outstanding

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Less: Treasury stock at cost 

2022 6,714,338 shares 

2021 shares

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

49 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net firearms sales 

Net castings sales 

Total net sales 

Cost of products sold 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses (Incomes): 

Selling 

General and administrative 

Other operating expense (income), net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other income: 

Royalty income 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income, net 

Total other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income and comprehensive income 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted 

Cash Dividends Per Share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Common 
Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
Earnings 
 Treasury 
Stock 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Dividends paid 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of RSU s 

Common stock issued compensation plans 

Unpaid dividends accrued 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Dividends paid 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of RSU s 

Common stock issued compensation plans 

Unpaid dividends accrued 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Dividends paid 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of RSU s 

Common stock issued compensation plans 

Unpaid dividends accrued 

Repurchase of shares of common stock 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

51 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities, net of effects of acquisition: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Excess and obsolescence inventory reserve 

Gain on sale of assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

Inventories 

Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liability with customers 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Product liability 

Prepaid expenses, other assets and other liabilities 

Income taxes receivable/payable 

Cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Property, plant, and equipment additions 

Purchase of Marlin assets 

Purchases of short-term investments 

Proceeds from maturity of short-term investments 

Net proceeds from sale of assets 

Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Dividends paid 

Repurchase of common stock 

Payment of employee withholding tax related to share-based compensation 

Cash used for financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share) 

of sales were from firearms.
Export sales represented approximately of firearms sales. The Company s design and manufacturing operations are located in the
United States and almost all product content is domestic. The Company s firearms are sold through a select number of independent
wholesale distributors principally to the commercial sporting market. 

of the Company s
total sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

, net 40 days. Generally, all performance obligations are satisfied when product is shipped and the customer takes ownership and
assumes the risk of loss. In some instances, sales include multiple performance obligations. The most common of these instances relates
to sales promotion programs under which downstream customers are entitled to receive no charge products based on their purchases of certain
of the Company s products from the independent distributors. The fulfillment of these no charge products 

53 

Table of Contents 

million in cash. The Marlin Assets include the following assets, among other things, equipment, inventory,
and all intellectual property related to Marlin, including the Marlin names and marks, and all derivatives thereof. 

54 

Table of Contents 

55 

Table of Contents 

years for buildings,
 years for machinery and equipment and years for tools and dies. When assets are retired, sold or otherwise disposed of, their gross
carrying values and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and a gain or loss on such disposals is recognized
when appropriate. 

56 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively. 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

million, 
million, and million, respectively, on research and development activities relating to new products and the improvement of existing
products. These costs are included in costs of products sold and are expensed as incurred. 

57 

Table of Contents 

million dollars in cash for the Marlin Assets from Remington. 

million, primarily due
to a decrease in the estimated fair value of inventory received. 

Purchase Price Allocation 

Assets Acquired 

Inventory 

Machinery and equipment 

Tradename and trademarks 

Patents 

Customer Relationships 

Goodwill 

Net Assets Acquired 

58 

Table of Contents 

years 
 
 Patents 
 years 
 
 Customer Relationships 
 years 

million. The Company incurred acquisition related costs of million,
which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive
Income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

of the reported amounts in either period, the trend in
annual sales growth was unchanged, and the impact on gross margin percentage was less than , in both periods. 

Revenue recognized 

Revenue deferred 

Contract liabilities with customers at December 31, 

million of revenue. There was no offset for the recognition from previously deferred revenue as the Company did not satisfy
any performance obligations relating to the shipment of free products during the year. This resulted in a net decrease in firearms sales
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of million and a deferred contract revenue liability at December 31, 2022 of million. The
Company 

59 

Table of Contents 

million was recognized in the first quarter of 2021. The Company did not have a deferred contract revenue liability at
December 31, 2021. 

million of revenue, offset by the recognition of million of revenue previously deferred as the performance obligations
relating to the shipment of free products were satisfied. This resulted in a net increase in firearms sales for the year ended December
31, 2020 of million and a deferred contract revenue liability at December 31, 2020 of million. The deferred revenue balance
was significantly reduced due to the absence of promotions in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Allowance for discounts 

, , and of total trade receivables, respectively. 

, , and of total trade receivables, respectively. 

60 

Table of Contents 

Materials and products in process 

Gross inventories 

Less: LIFO reserve 

Less: excess and obsolescence reserve 

Net Inventories 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Dies and tools 

Property, plant and equipment 

Less allowances for depreciation 

Net property, plant and equipment 

million, 
million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Accumulated amortization 

Deposits on capital items 

Marlin trade name 

Other 

million in 2022 and million in
2021, and 2020. The estimated annual patent amortization expense for each of the next five years is 

61 

Table of Contents 

million. The intangible asset related to Marlin
customer relationships are included in Other above and will be amortized using the straight-line method over its useful life. The estimated
annual customer relationship name amortization expense for each of the next five years is million. 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion 
 Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Noncurrent portion 
 Lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

62 

Table of Contents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted lease payments the present value of future lease payments 

Total operating lease liabilities 

years. 

Federal excise taxes payable 

Accrued other 

per share special dividend payable on January 5, 2023 to stockholders of record as of December 15, 2022. The dividend, which totaled million, was paid on January 5, 2023. 

million unsecured revolving line of credit with a bank. This facility terminated on September 30, 2021. On January 7, 2022, the
Company entered into a new million unsecured revolving line of credit agreement with a different bank that expires .
Borrowings under this new facility bear interest at either 1) the Bloomberg short-Term 

63 

Table of Contents 

per year on the unused portion. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the terms and covenants of the credit facility. 

million, million, and million
in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

State 

64 

Table of Contents 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Research and development tax credits 

Other 

Effective income tax rate 

. 

Capitalized research and development costs 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Allowances for doubtful accounts and discounts 

Inventories 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

for income tax purposes. The Company continues to expense these costs in the period
incurred for financial accounting purposes. 

million, million, and million, during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company expects to realize its deferred
tax assets through tax deductions against future taxable income . 

65 

Table of Contents 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic 

Dilutive effect of options and restricted stock units outstanding under the Company s employee compensation plans 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Diluted 

Fourth Quarter 2022 

October 2 to October 29 

October 30 to November 26 

November 27 to December 31 

Total 

66 

Table of Contents 

million
remained authorized for share repurchases. 

shares for issuance under the 2017 SIP, of which approximately shares remain available for
future grants as of December 31, 2022. 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

deferred stock awards were issued to non-employee directors that will vest in May 2023, deferred stock awards were issued to non-employee directors that will vest in May 2025 and a deferred stock award was issued to a non-employee director that will vest in June 2027. 

deferred stock awards were issued to non-employee directors that vested
in May 2022 and deferred stock awards were issued to non-employee directors that will vest in May 2024. 

deferred stock awards were issued to
non-employee directors that vested in May 2021 and deferred stock awards were issued to non-employee directors that will vest in
May 2023. 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and 
in 2020. 

million of unrecognized
compensation cost related to deferred stock that is expected to be recognized over a period of three years. 

67 

Table of Contents 

restricted stock units were issued. Compensation costs related to these restricted stock units was 
million, of which million was recognized in 2022. The costs are being recognized ratably over the remaining periods required before
the units vest, which range from to months. 

restricted stock units were issued.
Compensation costs related to these restricted stock units was million, of which million was recognized in 2021. The costs are
being recognized ratably over the remaining periods required before the units vest, which range from to months. 

restricted stock units were issued.
Compensation costs related to these restricted stock units was million, of which million was recognized in 2020. The costs are
being recognized ratably over the remaining periods required before the units vest, which range from to months. 

million of unrecognized
compensation cost related to restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 

reportable operating segments:
firearms and castings. The firearms segment manufactures and sells rifles, pistols, and revolvers principally to a number of federally-licensed,
independent wholesale distributors primarily located in the United States. The castings segment manufactures and sells steel investment
castings and metal injection molding parts. 

68 

Table of Contents 

Castings 

Unaffiliated 

Intersegment 

Eliminations 

Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

Firearms 

Castings 

Corporate 

Identifiable Assets 

Firearms 

Castings 

Corporate 

Goodwill 

Firearms 

Castings 

Depreciation 

Firearms 

Castings 

Capital Expenditures 

Firearms 

Castings 

; Davidson s - ; and Sports South - . 

; Sports South - ; and Davidson s - . 

; Lipsey s - ; and Davidson s - . 

of total sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

69 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Gross profit 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

million, million and million in
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. One of the Company s Directors also serves as a Director on the Board of the NRA. 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. One of the Company s Directors also serves on the Board of the NSSF. 

70 

Table of Contents 

71 

Table of Contents 

72 

Table of Contents 

million per claim, or an aggregate maximum loss
of million annually, except for certain new claims which might be brought by governments or municipalities after July 10, 2000, which
are excluded from coverage. 

73 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2021, is set forth as an indication of possible maximum liability the Company might be required to incur in these cases (regardless of the likelihood or reasonable probability of any or all of this amount being awarded to claimants) as a result of adverse judgments that are sustained on appeal. At December 31, 2022, the total amount claimed specifically in these cases was de minimis. 
 was resolved. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was a defendant five lawsuits involving its
products, including one ) traditional product liability lawsuit and four ) municipal lawsuits. The Company also was a defendant in
three ) negligence lawsuits though, as discussed above, that number has since been reduced to two (2) lawsuits with the consolidation
of the Jones and Copeland matters. 

traditional product liability
lawsuit was filed against the Company. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was a defendant in four ) lawsuits involving its products,
including two ) traditional lawsuits and two ) municipal lawsuits. 

traditional product liability
lawsuit was filed against the Company and one ) was resolved. As of December 31, 2020, the Company was a defendant in three )
lawsuits involving its products, including two ) traditional lawsuits and one ) municipal lawsuit. 

74 

Table of Contents 

million in 2022, 
million in 2021, and million in 2020. This expense includes the cost of outside legal fees, and other expenses incurred in the management
and defense of product liability matters. 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 

75 

Table of Contents 

per share to shareholders of record on March 10, 2023. 

76 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company conducted an evaluation, with the participation
of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of
December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December
31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The Company conducted an evaluation, with the participation
of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022. This evaluation was performed based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. 

Management has concluded that the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework issued by the COSO in 2013. 

The effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
as stated in their report which is included in this Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

77 

Table of Contents 

New York Stock Exchange Certification 

Pursuant to Section 303A.12(a) of the New
York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual, the Company submitted an unqualified certification of our Chief Executive Officer to the New
York Stock Exchange in 2022. The Company has also filed, as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer Certifications required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information concerning the Company s directors,
including the Company s separately designated standing audit committee, and on the Company s code of business conduct and
ethics required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders scheduled to be held June 1, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC in April 2023. 

Information concerning the Company s executive
officers required by this Item is set forth in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Executive Officers of
the Company. 

Information concerning beneficial ownership reporting
compliance required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders scheduled to be held June 1, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC in April 2023. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information concerning director and executive compensation
required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
scheduled to be held June 1, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC in April 2023. 

78 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information concerning the security ownership of certain
beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s
Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held June 1, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC
in April 2023. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information regarding
compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 (b) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

- 
 
 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 
 288,586 
 - 
 121,034 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

None. 

Total 
 288,586 
 - 
 121,034 

Restricted stock units are settled in shares of common stock or the cash equivalent. Accordingly, the
weighted-average exercise price is not applicable. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information concerning certain relationships and related
transactions required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders scheduled to be held June 1, 2023. 

79 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information concerning the Company s principal
accountant fees and services and the pre-approval policies and procedures of the audit committee of the board of directors required by
this Item is incorporated by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled
to be held June 1, 2023, which will be filed with the SEC in April 2023. 

80 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULE 

(a) Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 

(1) Financial Statements can be found under Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K 

(2) Schedule can be found on Page 94 of this Form 10-K 

(3) Listing of Exhibits: 

Exhibit 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to the Form S-3 Registration Statement previously filed by the Company File No. 33-62702). 

Exhibit 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Company, as amended through November 12, 2019 . 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of the Company s Securities. 

Exhibit 10.1 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2008, by and between the Company and Thomas A. Dineen (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.2 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2008, by and between the Company and Thomas P. Sullivan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.3 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2008 by and between the Company and Kevin B. Reid, Sr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.4 
 Transition Services and Consulting Agreement, dated August 1, 2016, by and between the Company and Michael O. Fifer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Agreement, dated November 10, 2020, by and between the Company and Christopher J. Killoy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020). 

81 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 10.6 
 Executive Severance Agreement, dated August 1, 2016, by and between the Company and Shawn C. Leska (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.7 
 Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022 between Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Regions Bank . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022), as amended by that certain Amendment
to Credit Agreement, dated November 3, 2022, between Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Regions Bank (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022). 

Exhibit 10.8 
 The Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement of Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017) 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of RSM US LLP 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Exhibit 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Exhibit 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

82 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed herewith 

83 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

STURM, RUGER COMPANY, INC. 

(Registrant) 

S/THOMAS A. DINEEN 

Thomas A. Dineen 

Principal Financial Officer 

Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President, 

Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 

February 22, 2023 

Date 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

S/CHRISTOPHER J. KILLOY 
 2/22/23 
 
 S/RONALD C. WHITAKER 
 2/22/23 
 
 Christopher J. Killoy 
Chief Executive Officer, Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Ronald C. Whitaker 
Director 

S/JOHN A. COSENTINO, JR. 
 2/22/23 
 
 S/PHILLIP C. WIDMAN 
 2/22/23 
 
 John A. Cosentino, Jr. 
Director 

Phillip C. Widman 
Director 

S/AMIR P. ROSENTHAL 
 2/22/23 
 
 S/SANDRA S. FROMAN 
 2/22/23 
 
 Amir P. Rosenthal 
Director 

Sandra S. Froman 
Director 

S/TERRENCE G. O CONNOR 
 2/22/23 
 
 S/REBECCA S. HALSTEAD 
 2/22/23 
 
 Terrence G. O Connor 
Director 

Rebecca S. Halstead 
Director 

S/MICHAEL O. FIFER 
 2/22/23 
 
 S/THOMAS A. DINEEN 
 2/22/23 
 
 Michael O. Fifer 
Director 

Thomas A. Dineen Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 

84 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Page 
No. 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to the Form S-3 Registration Statement previously filed by the Company File No. 33-62702). 

Exhibit 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Company, as amended through November 12, 2019 . 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Description of the Company s Securities. 

Exhibit 10.1 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2008, by and between the Company and Thomas A. Dineen (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.2 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2008, by and between the Company and Thomas P. Sullivan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 11, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.3 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2008 by and between the Company and Kevin B. Reid, Sr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2008). 

Exhibit 10.4 
 Transition Services and Consulting Agreement, dated August 1, 2016, by and between the Company and Michael O. Fifer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Agreement, dated November 10, 2020, by and between the Company and Christopher J. Killoy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020). 

Exhibit 10.6 
 Executive Severance Agreement, dated August 1, 2016, by and between the Company and Shawn C. Leska (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2016). 

Exhibit 10.7 
 Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022 between Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Regions Bank . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022) , as amended by that certain Amendment
to Credit Agreement, dated November 3, 2022, between Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. and Regions Bank (Incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 4, 2022). 

85 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX (continued) 

Exhibit 10.8 
 The Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement of Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017) 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of RSM US LLP 
 89 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 90 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 92 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 94 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of the Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 95 

Exhibit 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Exhibit 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Exhibit 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Exhibit 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed herewith 

86 

Table of Contents 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
STURM, RUGER COMPANY, INC. 

ITEMS 15(a) 
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

87 

Table of Contents 

Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. 

Item 15(a)--Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

(In Thousands) 

COL. A 
 COL. B 
 COL. C 
 COL. D 
 COL. E 

ADDITIONS 

Description 
 Balance at 
Beginning 
of Period 
 (1) 
Charged 
 (Credited) to 
Costs and 
Expenses 
 (2) 
Charged to 
Other 
Accounts 
 Describe 
 Deductions 
 Balance 
at End 
of 
Period 

Deductions from asset accounts: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 400 

400 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 400 

400 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 400 

400 

Allowance for discounts: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 1,169 
 13,849 
 
 13,684 (a) 
 1,334 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 1,166 
 16,116 
 
 16,113 (a) 
 1,169 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 1,070 
 12,482 
 
 12,386 (a) 
 1,166 

Excess and obsolete inventory reserve: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 4,347 
 465 
 
 (b) 
 4,812 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 3,394 
 953 
 
 (b) 
 4,347 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 3,573 
 (179 
 
 (b) 
 3,394 

(a) Discounts taken 

(b) Inventory written off 

88 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Nos. 333-84677 and 333-53234) on Form S-8 of Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. of our reports dated February 22, 2023 relating to the
consolidated financial statements, the financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sturm, Ruger Company,
Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

 Stamford, Connecticut 

 February 22, 2023 

89 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Christopher J. Killoy, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Sturm, Ruger Company,
Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report,
fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

90 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 

S/CHRISTOPHER J. KILLOY 

 Christopher J. Killoy 

 Chief Executive Officer 

91 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Thomas A. Dineen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Sturm, Ruger Company,
Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report,
fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

92 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 22, 2023 

S/THOMAS A. DINEEN 

 Thomas A. Dineen 

 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and 

 Chief Financial Officer 

93 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Killoy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respect, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 S/CHRISTOPHER J. KILLOY 

Christopher J. Killoy 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this statement has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

94 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Sturm, Ruger Company, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas A. Dineen, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respect, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 S/THOMAS A. DINEEN 

Thomas A. Dineen 

Senior Vice President, Treasurer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this statement has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

95 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rgr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rgr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rgr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rgr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rgr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

