<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1874218_0001104659-23-036742.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5659393</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217453</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>915130</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1743575</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1145147</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1519189</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-036742.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324195610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-036742
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874218
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41178
		FILM NUMBER:		23761217

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14350 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		19494282888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14350 MYFORD ROAD
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92606

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-036742.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 rcac-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to ________________ Commission file number: REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , 92606 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered , each whole Redeemable Warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share The The The Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.79, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC). As of March 24, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Page PART I 4 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 8 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 10 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 10 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 10 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 10 PART II 11 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 11 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 11 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 11 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 14 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 14 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 14 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 14 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 15 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 15 PART III 15 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 15 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 20 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 21 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 24 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 27 PART IV 28 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 28 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on April 5, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to Revelstone Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp., which closed on December 21, 2021. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: ability to complete our initial business combination; success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or financial performance following our IPO. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction We a newly incorporated blank check company, incorporated as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search for a target business that capitalizes on our sponsor s sector expertise, network and experience. The Registration Statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on December 16, 2021 (the Initial Public Offering, or IPO ). On December 21, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 units (the Units at 10.00 per Unit, each Unit comprised of one share of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value (the Public Shares ), and one half-of-one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 11.50 per share (the Public Warrants ), generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 11, 2022, the over-allotment option was partially exercised and the underwriters purchased 1,500,000 additional Units (the Additional Units at 10.00 per Additional Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of 15,000,000. On December 21, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 5,800,000 private placement warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, of which 5,050,000 Private Warrants were sold to Revelstone Capital, LLC (the Sponsor and 750,000 Private Warrants were sold to Roth Capital Partners, LLC, one of the representatives of the underwriters Roth ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of 5,800,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. On January 11, 2022, the Sponsor purchased an additional 450,000 Private Warrants when the underwriter partially exercised their over-allotment option, generating additional proceeds of 450,000. A total of 166,650,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, including the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants simultaneous with the Initial Public Offering and at the time of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States and held as cash items or may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to our stockholders. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within eighteen (18) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Our Company We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated in April, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities related to this offering. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues unless and until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, debt or a combination of cash, shares of stock and debt. Although we may pursue a business combination in any industry, our objective is to identify and consummate a business combination with a business in the consumer, media and/or technology sectors that leverages D2C engagement as its primary go-to-market channel. We believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has increased consumers focus on health, wellness and fitness, while simultaneously accelerating consumers adoption of digital and mobile commerce platforms. In addition, we believe that digital ubiquity, the proliferation of mobile devices and the increasing consumer focus on health, wellness and fitness creates a significant opportunity for established D2C and digitally native brands focused on health, wellness and fitness (which we refer to as active consumer brands throughout this prospectus) to expand their customer bases, enhance market share and create sustainable value. We believe that the deal generation, sector expertise, execution and operational capabilities of our management team, which is led by our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Morgan Callagy and Daniel Neukomm, will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses, enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination, and bring compelling value to shareholders of the post-business combination company. In particular, each of Mr. Callagy and Mr. Neukomm, who are the co-founders of Revelstone Capital, an affiliate of our sponsor focused on investments across the active consumer brands ecosystem, bring more than 20 years of investment and operational experience, respectively, which we believe will enhance our ability to identify, underwrite and pursue an initial business combination with an attractive target business. We intend to identify and acquire a business that could benefit from a partner that has extensive operational, capital markets and investment management experience in our areas of focus, and that presents potential for an attractive return to our investors. We believe that by optimizing its capital structure and allocating capital efficiently, and by operating under a deliberate long-term strategy, we can rapidly scale or bring about a transformation in our target business operations. Additionally, our management team has deep insight in building ecosystems and brands, consumer buying patterns and technologies required to put together powerful solutions and business models. Our Management Team and Board of Directors Morgan Callagy has served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company since our inception and is one of our directors. Mr. Callagy has over 25 years of investment experience. Mr. Callagy started his investment career at Ark Asset Management a multi-billion dollar long-only investment firm based in New York. In 1996, Mr. Callagy joined Veronis Suhler Stevenson or VSS, a New York-based private equity firm, where he spent 22 years in a variety of positions, including as one of the founders and most recently the head of the firm s London office where he was based for close to 20 years. Mr. Callagy while at VSS was responsible for the Firm s investments throughout Europe and his role included sourcing, due diligence, transaction execution, portfolio management, fund raising, and various portfolio board level responsibilities. Mr. Callagy, limited partners, sponsors and banks, was involved in the deployment in aggregate of over 2 billion across the media, technology, software and entertainment value chains and served on the Executive Committee of VSS and the investment committees across several of VSS s funds. Since leaving VSS in 2017, Mr. Callagy, has been a director and advisor to La Jolla Group Inc. and its portfolio of active consumer brands. Mr. Callagy and Daniel Neukomm founded Revelstone Capital in 2017 to focus on investments across the active consumer brands and media landscape and to enhance the performance of companies in the consumer space including La Jolla Group s portfolio of brands. Mr. Callagy has invested in numerous businesses including several consumer businesses across multiple consumer segments, including Caliva (now The Parent Company), a California-based cannabis company, he was an early investor in Spiritual Gangster, a branded apparel lifestyle company where Mr. Callagy has served on the board of directors since 2015, and Teton Gravity Research, an action sports content business where he was Chairman of the Board. Mr. Callagy earned a Bachelor of Arts in history from Georgetown University. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Daniel Neukomm is the Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company and one of our directors. Mr. Neukomm has 20 years of operational experience and is currently the Executive Chairman of La Jolla Group, Inc. (LJG), a position he has held since 2013. LJG is a multi-branded operating platform with ownership or investments in businesses that collectively have approximately 200 million in revenue for projected fiscal 2021 focused on globally recognized consumer brands, including O Neill, Spiritual Gangster, PSD, Hang Ten, and others. Under Mr. Neukomm s leadership, LJG has played a key role in the omni-channel transformation of the platform brands resulting in double-digit growth rates and material improvements in the profitability of these brands. Mr. Neukomm is also a co-founding partner at Revelstone Capital, a growth equity initiative which is focused on investing in growth stage consumer companies in the active lifestyle space. In addition, Mr. Neukomm was one of the largest founding investors and an operating partner in Caliva, a vertically integrated cannabis company in California. At Caliva, Mr. Neukomm led the execution and integration of a four company SPAC rollup to create The Parent Company (TPCO Holding Corp.), a vertically integrated platform that includes cultivation, manufacturing, brands, retail, and delivery. Mr. Neukomm has been a director of The Parent Company since January 2021. Mr. Neukomm began his career founding Mountain Oxygen, a supplemental oxygen services company based in Aspen, Colorado. Mr. Neukomm earned a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the University of Vermont and a Masters of Business Administration in finance and strategy from the International School of Management in Paris. Jason White is an independent director of our company. In April 2021, Mr. White became the Chief Marketing Officer for ViacomCBS MTV Entertainment Group. From February 2020 to March 2021, Mr. White served as Chief Marketing Officer of Curaleaf, the nation s largest licensed cannabis provider. From February 2019 to March 2020, Mr. White served as Chief Marketing Officer of Cura Cannabis Solutions. Prior to that, beginning in 2014, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Marketing for Beats by Dr. Dre. While there, he oversaw award-winning campaigns, including Straight Outta Compton, LeBron James Re-Established and product launches with Serena Williams, Cam Newton, DJ Khaled and Pharrell, among others. Before Beats, Mr. White spent nearly a decade at Wieden+Kennedy, a global advertising agency, most recently as the Managing Director in the Shanghai office, where he oversaw the Nike brand work for many breakthrough global campaigns, including the Beijing and London Olympics. Mr. White sits on a number of boards of directors, including the diversity initiative Marcus Graham Project, Monday Night Mentorship for mid-level marketers of color, and Caldera Arts, an Oregon non-profit to provide creative outlets to youth with limited opportunities. Mr. White earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in marketing from Georgetown University. Margaret McDonald is an independent director of our company. Ms. McDonald is an experienced Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and turnaround specialist of multiple global consumer retail brands. In 2019 she was made Executive Chairman of private equity owned Masai Copenhagen, owned by Silverfleet Partners London. Margaret has served as a Non-Executive Director for Spiritual Gangster since 2018. From 2018 until the end of 2019, she was Non-Executive Director on the Board of Flying Tiger Copenhagen, a specialty global retailer owned by EQT private equity. Margaret also serves as a senior advisor to A M Capital Partners Europe, focusing primarily on all consumer related investments. In her specialty D2C operating roles Ms. McDonald previously served as Global President of Victoria s Secret from 2013-2017, a 4 billion company and the largest subsidiary of L Brands Inc. Prior to joining Victoria s Secret, Ms. McDonald was the Chief Executive Officer of Coast London, a specialty formalwear brand from 2010-2013. She was also CEO of LK Bennett a D2C lifestyle brand grounded in footwear. Ms. McDonald has also held executive roles at Gap Inc. and its Banana Republic subsidiary. Ms. McDonald also worked with Marks Spencer plc. and Primark. Ms. McDonald earned a Bachelor of Science in management science from Dublin Institute of Technology and studied fashion and apparel design at Grafton Academy of Fashion Design. Jeff Rosenthal is as an independent director of our company. Mr. Rosenthal has over 15 years of experience as an entrepreneur, strategist and investor. In 2009, Mr. Rosenthal Co-Founded Summit Series LLC, a company focused on entrepreneurial community development and hosting global ideas festivals and events where he remains an active partner. Since 2013, he has been the co-owner and co-developer of Summit Powder Mountain and Powder Mountain ski resort in Eden, Utah. For the past two years, Mr. Rosenthal has been a Founding Partner at Emergent Strategic Partners, a family office and investment advisory firm. From 2019-2021, Mr. Rosenthal was a Senior Advisor to TPG Rise and TPG Growth, and also in 2019, Mr. Rosenthal was a founding partner of the Drawdown Fund, a catalytic environmental impact venture fund. Mr. Rosenthal currently serves on the Leadership Council at Conservation International, and on the boards of the Summit Impact Foundation, Beyond Conflict and Street Soccer USA. Mr. Rosenthal also serves as a Senior Advisor to many for profit, and non-profit organizations, including Goodleap, Inspire Clean Energy, Calm, Scopely, Seed Biosciences, Arabella Advisors, a leading philanthropy and impact investing consultancy, and Laurel Strategies, a global business advisory and strategy firm, among others. Mr. Rosenthal serves on the Leadership Circle of the Conservation Lands Foundation, and the Advisory Boards of Whistleblower Aid and the Save the Waves Foundation. He was a 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 founding board member of the Summit Institute, and a founding board member of the Anti-Recidivism Coalition. Mr. Rosenthal is a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations and earned a Bachelor of Arts in International Business from American University. Our Advisors Assia Grazioli-Venier is one of our outside advisors. Ms. Grazioli-Venier is a venture capitalist and advisor to high-growth consumer tech startups, entertainment companies and sports businesses. She has worked at the forefront of technological disruption for over 18 years, from the first onset of mobile, to music streaming, subscription models, D2C commerce and sports-tech. In 2016, Ms. Grazioli-Venier launched Muse Capital with her business partner Rachel Springate. Muse Capital is a seed-stage consumer fund investing in Future of Women s Health, Education, Wellness, Gaming, Fintech, and Product-lead Communities. Muse Capital operates as a bridge between Silicon Valley and the brand world and entertainment industry. Ms. Grazioli-Venier also currently serves on board of Turning Point Brands (TPB), is a minority owner of DC s soccer club Washington Spirit, recently served on the board of directors of MRAC SPAC (Marquee/Raine) and was a member of board of directors of Italy s Juventus Football Club (JVTSF) for 9 years (2012- 2021) where she sat on both control/risk and remuneration committees. Prior to Muse Capital, Ms. Grazioli-Venier also served on the board of advisors of Northzone, one of Europe s leading technology investment partnerships whose portfolio includes Spotify and iZettle, sold to PayPal in 2018. Prior to that, she was for several years an innovation investment advisor to Andrea Agnelli at LAMSE, S.p.a. Starting in 2010, Ms. Grazioli-Venier was advisor to Spotify (NYSE: SPOT) for over five years, where she was involved in global strategic initiatives and business expansion efforts, such as forging deals with Tinder, Dubset, helping to establish the Los Angeles office, as well as building out the artist services division across Europe, that contributed to Spotify s growth and innovation. Ms. Grazioli-Venier kicked-off her career in 2004, creating and launching TV, Radio Digital for Ministry of Sound, one of the leading dance music brands/record labels in Europe, which later sold to Warner Music. Ms. Grazioli-Venier also serves as co-chair of AllRaise in Los Angeles, which is a non-profit organization championing diversity in the funder and founder ecosystem, and sits on the board of Impact46, a social impact advisory firm catering to family office foundations. Nate Bosshard is one of our outside advisors. Mr. Bosshard is the founder and Managing Partner of Offline Ventures, a venture fund focusing on disruptive acquisition opportunities. Prior to founding Offline Ventures, Mr. Bosshard served as an advisor for hims hers, a D2C native personal care brand, at which he supported the founders in building and developing the brand strategy. Mr. Bosshard also co-founded and launched Tonal, a smart home fitness brand. He was a key contributor to the brand and product experience. He also sourced and recruited several members of the leadership team and Board of Directors at Tonal. Prior to Tonal, Mr. Bosshard was an investment partner at Khosla Ventures, where he focused on opportunities in the consumer technology space. Prior to joining Khosla, he spent 15 years in marketing leadership roles at some of the world s most beloved consumer brands including Nest/Dropcam, GoPro, The North Face, and Burton Snowboards. Mr. Bosshard managed the brand transition at Dropcam during the pendency of Google s acquisition of Nest. During his tenure at the Dropcam, he also developed a brand-centric go-to-market strategy and built the user generated content engine. Previously, at GoPro, Nate was the first brand marketing hire and led the team responsible for product marketing, go-to-market strategy, media strategy and campaign development. Mr. Bosshard also was the first brand marketing hire at The North Face, where he re-oriented their business on an activity-based model and had the task of making The North Face relevant to a new generation of consumers. Since moving to the Bay Area in 2008, Mr. Bosshard has spent his spare time advising and investing in brands, businesses and start-ups. He also serves as an advisor and limited partner to several successful venture funds. Mr. Bosshard holds a bachelor s degree from the University of Vermont. He also holds master s degree in business administration from Babson College. La Jolla Group In addition to our management team and board of directors, we will expect to leverage the resources of La Jolla Group. Founded in 1993, La Jolla Group is a leading apparel and accessories company that specializes in building inspirational brands, including O Neill, Spiritual Gangster, PSD and Hang Ten and is headquartered in Irvine, CA. We expect La Jolla Group to be instrumental across the investment cycle, including sourcing, evaluating, and conducting diligence on potential investments. Further, affiliates of La Jolla Group are investors in the sponsor and have indirect interests in a portion of the founder shares, which we believe will further align their incentives with those of our stockholders. We believe that the industry expertise and relationships of our management team and board of directors, together with the resources and expertise of La Jolla Group, will help us identify, evaluate and pursue a substantial number of attractive potential business combination opportunities and allow us to add significant value to the initial business combination target we ultimately select. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. For additional discussion of the general development of our business, see our final prospectus on Form 424B4 , filed with the SEC on December 20, 2021 . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could have a significant adverse effect on our business and the price of our shares of Class A common stock. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In future periods, if additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are identified, we may be required to restate our financial statements and could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, a loss of public and investor confidence, and to litigation from investors and shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the price of our shares of Class A common stock. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to manage our business effectively or accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. We may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our Class A Common Stock after December 31, 2022. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on any publicly traded domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and because our securities trade on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, absent any further guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), who has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax, the Excise Tax may apply to any redemptions of our Class A Common Stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with a business combination, unless an exemption is available. Generally, issuances of securities in connection with an initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of an initial business combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same calendar year, but the number of securities 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued. In addition, the Excise Tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, however the mechanics of any required payment of the Excise Tax have not been determined. Further, based on recently issued interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury in Notice 2023-2, subject to certain exceptions, the Excise Tax should not apply in the event of our liquidation. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become more scarce and there may be increased competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and it could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. As mentioned throughout this section, attractive deals could also become more scarce for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. Together, this could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within eighteen months of the closing of our public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business eighteen months of the closing of our public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our warrants will expire worthless. Our management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have until June 21, 2023 to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain whether we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of us. As of December 31, 2022, we had 776,607 in cash and working capital of 136,433; however, we will incur additional expenses as it relates to the consummation of a business combination. Management has determined that the 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our executive offices are located at 14350 Myford Road, Irvine, CA 92606, and our telephone number (949) 751-7518. Commencing on the date our securities are first listed on Nasdaq, our Sponsor has provided us with office space and administrative support at no cost. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol RCACU on or about December 17, 2021. The Class A common stock and redeemable warrants comprising the units began separate trading on February 7, 2022, under the symbols RCAC and RCACW, respectively. Holders of Record As of March 21, 2023, there were 16,500,000 of our shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 57 stockholders of record, and there were 4,125,000 of our shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding held by our Sponsor, certain directors and officers of the Company and certain anchor investors who own 1,125,000 of such shares. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no unregistered securities to report which have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with these financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on April 5, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a target business. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location, although we intend to focus our search for target businesses in the cannabis industry. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, we have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues. All activity for the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the initial public offering. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We have generated and will continue to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the initial public offering. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we had net income of 1,137,756, which resulted from the fair value of forfeited overallotment option of 79,071, the change in fair market value of the over-allotment option of 15,119 and interest income from investments held in the trust account of 2,440,752, offset by formation and operating costs of 940,505 and income tax provision of 456,681. For the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 155,240, which resulted from formation and operating costs of 97,407, the change in the fair market value of the over-allotment option of 58,062, offset by interest income of 229. Going Concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 776,607 in cash and working capital of 136,433. Prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder shares to cover certain offering costs, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 189,789. The promissory note was paid in full on January 11, 2022. Subsequent to the consummation of the initial public offering and private placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, the Company has until June 21, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations On July 7, 2022 the Company signed an agreement with a legal advisor that will represent the Company on corporate and securities compliance matters related to its pursuit of a Business Combination. According to the terms of the agreement, the Company was obligated to pay a retainer fee of 50,000 upon the signing of this agreement, and is further obligated to pay up to an additional 200,000 when certain milestones are met prior to the closing of the Business Combination. Legal fees incurred in connection with the business combination above 250,000 will be due and payable upon completion of the Business Combination. The initial retainer fee of 50,000 was paid as of January 30, 2023. The amount of legal fees recorded as part of Company s Accounts payable and Accrued expenses was 254,019 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has a long-term liability represented by deferred underwriting commission of 5,775,000. Critical Accounting Policies Public and Private Warrants The Company accounted for the 14,500,000 warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option, including 8,250,000 Public Warrants and 6,250,000 Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The Company concluded that the Public and Private Placement Warrants are considered indexed to the entity s own stock and meet other equity classification requirements. Therefore, Public and Private Placement Warrants are considered equity instruments and are classified as such. Net Income/(Loss) Per Share of Common Stock We have two categories of shares, which are referred to as redeemable shares of Class A common stock and non-redeemable shares of Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two categories of shares. Shares of Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption All of the 16,500,000 shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of us require shares of 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Class A common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all 16,500,000 shares of Class A common stock were classified outside of permanent equity as of December 31, 2022. We recognized changes in redemption value immediately as they occur upon the IPO and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares of Class A common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not required for smaller reporting companies. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to timely recognition of accounts payable, accrued liabilities as well as related expenses. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management has implemented steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. To respond to the material weakness related to timely recognition of accounts payable, accrued liabilities as well as related expenses, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, additional effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. Our plans at this time include performing, as part of financial close, additional analysis and procedures, as deemed necessary to ensure complete recognition of all vendor invoices and expenses incurred but not yet invoiced. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. This report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers. 

Name Age Position Morgan Callagy 51 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel Neukomm 44 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Director Jason White 36 Director Margaret McDonald 56 Director Jeff Rosenthal 38 Director Morgan Callagy has served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company since our inception and is one of our directors. Mr. Callagy has over 25 years of investment experience. Mr. Callagy started his investment career at Ark Asset Management a multi-billion dollar long-only investment firm based in New York. In 1996, Mr. Callagy joined Veronis Suhler Stevenson or VSS, a New York-based private equity firm, where he spent 22 years in a variety of positions, including as one of the founders and most recently the head of the firm s London office where he was based for close to 20 years. Mr. Callagy while at VSS 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 was responsible for the Firm s investments throughout Europe and his role included sourcing, due diligence, transaction execution, portfolio management, fund raising, and various portfolio board level responsibilities. Mr. Callagy, limited partners, sponsors and banks, was involved in the deployment in aggregate of over 2 billion across the media, technology, software and entertainment value chains and served on the Executive Committee of VSS and the investment committees across several of VSS s funds. Since leaving VSS in 2017, Mr. Callagy, has been a director and advisor to La Jolla Group Inc. and its portfolio of active consumer brands. Mr. Callagy and Daniel Neukomm founded Revelstone Capital in 2017 to focus on investments across the active consumer brands and media landscape and to enhance the performance of companies in the consumer space including La Jolla Group s portfolio of brands. Mr. Callagy has invested in numerous businesses including several consumer businesses across multiple consumer segments, including Caliva (now The Parent Company), a California-based cannabis company, he was an early investor in Spiritual Gangster, a branded apparel lifestyle company where Mr. Callagy has served on the board of directors since 2015, and Teton Gravity Research, an action sports content business where he was Chairman of the Board. Mr. Callagy earned a Bachelor of Arts in history from Georgetown University. Daniel Neukomm is the Co-Chief Executive Officer of our company and one of our directors. Mr. Neukomm has 20 years of operational experience and is currently the Executive Chairman of La Jolla Group, Inc. (LJG), a position he has held since 2013. LJG is a multi-branded operating platform with ownership or investments in businesses that collectively have approximately 200 million in revenue for projected fiscal 2021 focused on globally recognized consumer brands, including O Neill, Spiritual Gangster, PSD, Hang Ten, and others. Under Mr. Neukomm s leadership, LJG has played a key role in the omni-channel transformation of the platform brands resulting in double-digit growth rates and material improvements in the profitability of these brands. Mr. Neukomm is also a co-founding partner at Revelstone Capital, a growth equity initiative which is focused on investing in growth stage consumer companies in the active lifestyle space. In addition, Mr. Neukomm was one of the largest founding investors and an operating partner in Caliva, a vertically integrated cannabis company in California. At Caliva, Mr. Neukomm led the execution and integration of a four company SPAC rollup to create The Parent Company (TPCO Holding Corp.), a vertically integrated platform that includes cultivation, manufacturing, brands, retail, and delivery. Mr. Neukomm has been a director of The Parent Company since January 2021. Mr. Neukomm began his career founding Mountain Oxygen, a supplemental oxygen services company based in Aspen, Colorado. Mr. Neukomm earned a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the University of Vermont and a Masters of Business Administration in finance and strategy from the International School of Management in Paris. Jason White is an independent director of our company. In April 2021, Mr. White became the Chief Marketing Officer for ViacomCBS MTV Entertainment Group. From February 2020 to March 2021, Mr. White served as Chief Marketing Officer of Curaleaf, the nation s largest licensed cannabis provider. From February 2019 to March 2020, Mr. White served as Chief Marketing Officer of Cura Cannabis Solutions. Prior to that, beginning in 2014, he was Executive Vice President and Global Head of Marketing for Beats by Dr. Dre. While there, he oversaw award-winning campaigns, including Straight Outta Compton, LeBron James Re-Established and product launches with Serena Williams, Cam Newton, DJ Khaled and Pharrell, among others. Before Beats, Mr. White spent nearly a decade at Wieden+Kennedy, a global advertising agency, most recently as the Managing Director in the Shanghai office, where he oversaw the Nike brand work for many breakthrough global campaigns, including the Beijing and London Olympics. Mr. White sits on a number of boards of directors, including the diversity initiative Marcus Graham Project, Monday Night Mentorship for mid-level marketers of color, and Caldera Arts, an Oregon non-profit to provide creative outlets to youth with limited opportunities. Mr. White earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in marketing from Georgetown University. Margaret McDonald is an independent director of our company. Ms. McDonald is an experienced Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and turnaround specialist of multiple global consumer retail brands. In 2019 she was made Executive Chairman of private equity owned Masai Copenhagen, owned by Silverfleet Partners London. Margaret has served as a Non-Executive Director for Spiritual Gangster since 2018. From 2018 until the end of 2019, she was Non-Executive Director on the Board of Flying Tiger Copenhagen, a specialty global retailer owned by EQT private equity. Margaret also serves as a senior advisor to A M Capital Partners Europe, focusing primarily on all consumer related investments. In her specialty D2C operating roles Ms. McDonald previously served as Global President of Victoria s Secret from 2013-2017, a 4 billion company and the largest subsidiary of L Brands Inc. Prior to joining Victoria s Secret, Ms. McDonald was the Chief Executive Officer of Coast London, a specialty formalwear brand from 2010-2013. She was also CEO of LK Bennett a D2C lifestyle brand grounded in footwear. Ms. McDonald has also held executive roles at Gap Inc. and its Banana Republic subsidiary. Ms. McDonald also worked with Marks Spencer plc. and Primark. Ms. McDonald earned a Bachelor of Science in management science from Dublin Institute of Technology and studied fashion and apparel design at Grafton Academy of Fashion Design. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Jeff Rosenthal is as an independent director of our company. Mr. Rosenthal has over 15 years of experience as an entrepreneur, strategist and investor. In 2009, Mr. Rosenthal Co-Founded Summit Series LLC, a company focused on entrepreneurial community development and hosting global ideas festivals and events where he remains an active partner. Since 2013, he has been the co-owner and co-developer of Summit Powder Mountain and Powder Mountain ski resort in Eden, Utah. For the past two years, Mr. Rosenthal has been a Founding Partner at Emergent Strategic Partners, a family office and investment advisory firm. From 2019-2021, Mr. Rosenthal was a Senior Advisor to TPG Rise and TPG Growth, and also in 2019, Mr. Rosenthal was a founding partner of the Drawdown Fund, a catalytic environmental impact venture fund. Mr. Rosenthal currently serves on the Leadership Council at Conservation International, and on the boards of the Summit Impact Foundation, Beyond Conflict and Street Soccer USA. Mr. Rosenthal also serves as a Senior Advisor to many for profit, and non-profit organizations, including Goodleap, Inspire Clean Energy, Calm, Scopely, Seed Biosciences, Arabella Advisors, a leading philanthropy and impact investing consultancy, and Laurel Strategies, a global business advisory and strategy firm, among others. Mr. Rosenthal serves on the Leadership Circle of the Conservation Lands Foundation, and the Advisory Boards of Whistleblower Aid and the Save the Waves Foundation. He was a founding board member of the Summit Institute, and a founding board member of the Anti-Recidivism Coalition. Mr. Rosenthal is a term member of the Council on Foreign Relations and earned a Bachelor of Arts in International Business from American University. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a majority of at least 90 of our shares of common stock attending and voting in a stockholder meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our shares of common stock (or, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares). Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. White and Rosenthal and Ms. McDonald is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are Messrs. White and Rosenthal and Ms. McDonald. Mr. White will serve as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Ms. McDonald qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. The Audit Committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Financial Experts on Audit Committee Pursuant to Nasdaq rules, the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. McDonald qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules, which generally is any person who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee consists of Ms. McDonald and Mr. Rosenthal, and Mr. Rosenthal will serve as chair of the compensation committee, each of whom is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq listing rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq listing rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. White and Rosenthal. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq listing rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed copies of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Employment Agreements We have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. Executive Officers and Director Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth as of March 10, 2023 the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 10, 2023, we had 16,500,000 shares of Class A common stock and 4,125,000 shares of Class B common stock, issued and outstanding. The Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 10, 2023. 

Percentage Number of of Shares Outstanding Beneficially Shares Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned Morgan Callagy (2)(4) 1,124,991 5.8 Daniel Neukomm (3)(4) 1,124,991 5.8 Jason White (4) 25,000 Margaret McDonald (4) 66,250 Jeff Rosenthal (4) 66,250 All officers and directors as a group 1,753,222 9.1 (5 individuals) Five Percent Holders Space Summit Capital LLC (5) 1,125,000 5.8 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (6) 1,063,847 6.45 Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. (6) 1,063,847 6.45 RGC Management Company, LLC (6) 1,063,847 6.45 Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC (6) 1,063,847 6.45 Steven B. Katznelson (6) 1,063,847 6.45 Christopher Hinkel (6) 1,063,847 6.45 RIVERNORTH CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC (7) 750,000 3.9 AQR Capital Management, LLC (8) 1,349,994 8.18 AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC (8) 1,349,994 8.18 AQR Arbitrage, LLC (8) 1,349,994 8.18 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (9) 1,306,836 7.9 Boaz R. Weinstein (9) 1,306,836 7.9 Saba Capital Management GP, LLC (9) 1,306,836 7.9 Sculptor Capital LP (10) 1,214,999 7.36 Sculptor Capital II LP 10) 1,214,999 7.36 Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation (10) 1,214,999 7.36 Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC (10) 1,214,999 7.36 Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. (10) 1,214,999 7.36 Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. (10) 573,749 2.3 Sculptor Special Funding, LP (10) 573,749 2.3 Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd (10) 0 Sculptor SC II LP (10) 641,250 3.4 Sculptor Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd (10) 0 Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. (11) 1,350,000 6.9 Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (11) 1,350,000 6.9 Robin Shah (11) 1,350,000 6.9 Governors Lane Master Fund LP (12) 1,125,000 5.8 Governors Lane LP (12) 1,125,000 5.8 Governors Lane Fund General Partner LLC (12) 1,125,000 5.8 Isaac Corre (12) 1,125,000 5.8 CaaS Capital Management LP (13) 1,250,800 7.58 CaaS Capital Management GP LLC (13) 1,250,800 7.58 Siufu Fu (13) 1,250,800 7.58 

22 

Table of Contents 
 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp., 14350 Myford Road, Irvine, CA 92606. (2) Includes 1,124,991 shares of Class B common stock, of which Morgan Callagy owns 550,361. Includes 495,000 shares of Class B common stock held by La Jolla Group, Inc. Morgan Callagy and Daniel Neukomm share voting and investment control over the shares held by La Jolla Group, Inc. (3) Includes 1,124,991 shares of Class B common stock, of which Daniel Neukomm owns 550,361. Includes 495,000 shares of Class B common stock held by La Jolla Group, Inc. Morgan Callagy and Daniel Neukomm share voting and investment control over the shares held by La Jolla Group, Inc. (4) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of our Class B common stock. Such shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in Exhibit 4.5 attached to this Report Description of Securities. (5) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on December 22, 2021 by Space Summit Capital LLC. The address of the beneficial holder is 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272. (6) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022 on behalf of Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. by RGC Management Company, LLC, its General Partner, and Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. by Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, its General Partner. Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. is the relevant entity for which RGC Management Company, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons. Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund, L.P. is the relevant entity for which Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, Steven B. Katznelson and Christopher Hinkel may be considered control persons. The address of the respective holders is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. (7) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on February 15, 2022 by RiverNorth Capital Management, LLC. The address of the beneficial holder is 325 N. LaSalle Street, Ste. 645, Chicago, Illinois 60654. (8) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022 by AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC, AQR Capital Management, LLC, and AQR Arbitrage, LLC. AQR Capital Management, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC. AQR Arbitrage, LLC is deemed to be controlled by AQR Capital Management, LLC. The address of the holders is Two Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. (9) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on December 27, 2021 by Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The address of each beneficial holder 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (10) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on December 23, 2021 Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), a Delaware limited partnership, which is the principal investment manager to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts ). Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II wholly owned by Sculptor, also serves as the investment manager to certain of the Accounts. The listed herein are held in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation SCHC ), serves as the general partner of Sculptor. Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), is wholly owned by Sculptor, serves as the general partner of Sculptor-II. Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), is a holding company that is the sole shareholder of SCHC and the ultimate parent company of Sculptor and Sculptor-II. Sculptor is the investment adviser to Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ). Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD is wholly owned by SCMF. Sculptor is the investment adviser to Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. SCCO ). Sculptor-II is the investment adviser to Sculptor SC II LP NJGC ). Sculptor is the investment adviser to Sculptor Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd. SCEN ). The address of the principal business offices of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, SCU, SCMF, NRMD, SCEN, SCCO and NJGC is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 (11) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on December 23, 2021 by Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (the Master Fund ). Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. Tenor Capital serves as the investment manager to the Master Fund. Robin Shah serves as the managing member of Tenor Management GP, LLC, the general partner of Tenor Capital. The address of the holders is 810 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1905, New York, NY 10019. (12) Based on the Schedule 13G filed on December 30, 2021 by filed by (i) Governors Lane Master Fund LP, (ii) Governors Lane LP, (iii) Governors Lane Fund General Partner LLC and (iv) Isaac Corre. Governors Lane LP serves as discretionary investment manager to Governors Lane Master Fund LP. Governors Lane Fund General Partner LLC is the general partner of Governors Lane Master Fund LP. Mr. Corre is the chief executive officer of Governors Lane LP and the managing member of Governors Lane Fund General Partner LLC. The address of the holders is c/o Governors Lane LP, 510 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10022. (13) As of December 31, 2022, CaaS Capital Management LP beneficially owned 1,250,800 Class A Shares. CaaS Capital Management GP LLC, as the general partner of CaaS Capital Management LP, may be deemed to have beneficially owned the 1,250,800 Class A Shares beneficially owned by CaaS Capital Management LP. Siufu Fu, as the Managing Member of CaaS Capital Management GP LLC, may be deemed to have beneficially owned the 1,250,800 Class A Shares beneficially owned by CaaS Capital Management GP LLC. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Founder Shares On May 11, 2021, our sponsor purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. Our initial stockholders and any anchor investors holding founder shares will collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). As of December 31, 2021, the initial stockholders own 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock, of which 1,125,000 founder shares were acquired by 14 anchor investors. On January 13, 2022 there were 4,125,000 shares of Class B common stock after the forfeiture of 187,500 shares of Class B common stock due to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment. The founder shares are designated as shares of our Class B common stock and are identical to the shares of our Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights once converted. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, directors and officers have agreed (and their respective permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, each of our anchor investors has entered into an investment agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them offering in favor of our initial business combination. Although the anchor investors are 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 not contractually obligated to vote any public shares they own an incentive for them to do so.in favor of our initial business combination, their ownership of founder shares may provide an incentive for them to do so. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of our Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in this offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which the shares of our Class B common stock will convert into shares of our Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of our Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus all shares of our Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt securities. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our directors and officers and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported sale price of shares of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On May 11, 2021, the Sponsor issued to us an unsecured promissory note, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000, to be used for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or the date on which we determine not to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. These amounts were paid out of the proceeds that had been allocated for the payment of offering expenses of the Initial Public Offering. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there was no amount outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. Administrative Services Arrangement Our Sponsor has agreed, commencing from the date that our securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as we may require from time to time with no monthly fees for these services. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 General Our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics, which we adopted on December 16, 2021, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted on December 16, 2021, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that we adopted on December 16, 2021, is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our Sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the Private Warrants. 
 Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . ITEM 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum, LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 8-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 5, 2021 (date of inception) to December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 123,600 and 56,650, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from April 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period April 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (1) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (a) Financial Statements: Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID# F-2 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by June 21, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 24, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Current Assets Cash Prepaid Assets Total Current Assets Other Assets Prepaid Assets, non-current Investments held in Trust Account Total Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable Franchise tax liability Accrued Expenses Over-allotment Units Liability Note Payable - Related Party Income Tax Payable Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Liabilities Deferred underwriting commission payable Total Long-Term Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period from April 5, 2021(inception) Year Ended through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating Expenses Formation and Operating Costs Total Operating Expenses Net Operating Loss Interest income from investments held in Trust Account Change in fair value of overallotment units ) Fair value of forfeited overallotment option Total Other Income / (Expense) ) Income (loss) before provision for income tax ) Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, nonredeemable shares of Class B common stock Basic and diluted net income (loss) per nonredeemable common share of Class B common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 5, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Common Stock Additional Total Class B Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of April 5, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor Incentives to anchor investors Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants Proceeds allocated to Private Placement Warrants Offering costs allocated to warrants ) ) Re-measurement of redeemable shares to redemption value ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants Proceeds allocated to Private Placement Warrants Derecognition of overallotment liability- exercised portion Offering costs allocated to warrants ) ) Re-measurement of redeemable shares to redemption value ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the period Year Ended from April 5, 2021 December 31, (inception) through 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of overallotment units ) Fair value of forfeited overallotment units ) Interest income from investments held in Trust Account ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid Assets ) Accounts Payable ) Accrued Expenses Franchise Tax Liability Income Tax Payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Principal deposited in Trust Account ) ) Withdrawals from Trust Account Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs Proceeds from partial exercise of overallotment option, net of costs Proceeds from private placement (Payment on)/proceeds from promissory note related party ) Deferred offering costs paid ) Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash Beginning Cash Ending Non-Cash investing and financing activities: Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for note payable related party Deferred underwriting commissions payable Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor promissory note Incentives to anchor investors Re-measurement of carrying value of redeemable shares to redemption value Exercised portion of overallotment unit liability The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS units at per unit (the Units ), which is discussed in Note 3 (the IPO ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock (the Public Shares and one -half of one warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. On January 11, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase additional Units (the Additional Units at per Additional Unit. In connection with the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company generated additional gross proceeds of and incurred in cash underwriting fees. Simultaneously with the sale of the Additional Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at per additional Private Placement Warrants, generating additional gross proceeds of . Since the over-allotment was not exercised in full, shares of the shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, were forfeited by the holders thereof for no consideration. On February 3, 2022, the Company announced that the holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock, par value per share and warrants included in the Units commencing on or about February 7, 2022. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share (subject to adjustment). Any Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol RCACU , and the common stock and warrants will separately trade on Nasdaq under the symbols RCAC and RCACW , respectively. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of net underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, of incentives to Anchor Investors (see Note 3), and of other offering costs, and was all charged to additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit where no additional paid-in capital was available. Net underwriting commissions consist of a gross commission and of the underwriter s reimbursement of transaction 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of net underwriting commissions and of deferred underwriting commissions related to partial exercise of the overallotment option. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company must complete a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Following the closing of the Public Offering on December 21, 2021 and partial exercise of the overallotment option on January 11, 2022, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and Private Placement Warrants, was deposited in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors will agree to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have from the closing of the Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ), or during any extended time that the Company has to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months as a result of a stockholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (an Extension Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period. The Sponsor and each Anchor Investor holding Founder Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its affiliates acquire Public Shares after the Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their right to their deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Public Offering price per Unit ). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Going concern, Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022 the Company had approximately in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs, and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of (see Note 5). The promissory note was paid in full in January 2022. Subsequent to the consummation of the Public Offering and p rivate placement , the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the proceeds from the consummation of the p rivate placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, the Company has until June 21, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty for the next twelve months form the issuance of these financial statements. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. At this time, it has been determined that none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact on the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class A common stock issued as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A common stock has been classified outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. as a result of the Public Offering consisting of of net underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, of incentives to Anchor Investors (see Note 3) and of other offering costs. The offering costs were charged to additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the Public Offering, and accumulated deficit when no additional paid-in capital was available. ) ) Denominator Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a price of per Unit. As part of the Public Offering, the Company granted the underwriters a -day option from the date of the Public Offering to purchase up to an additional Public Units to cover over-allotments. On January 11, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and the Company sold additional Units at per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Following the closing of the Public Offering on December 21, 2021 and partial exercise of the overallotment option on January 11, 2022, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and Private Placement Warrants, was deposited in a Trust Account, located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Prior to the Public Offering certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors which are not affiliated with any member of the Company s management (the Anchor Investors each expressed to the Company an interest in purchasing Units in the Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit. As incentives for the Anchor Investors, upon consummation of the Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares, with an aggregate fair value of , to the Anchor Investors taken together as a whole, in exchange for their original purchase price of approximately per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares transferred over the original issuance price, or , was accounted for as offering costs with an offset to additional paid-in capital. The Company utilized Level 3 inputs to determine the fair value of Class B shares. Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Shares of Class A common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value Shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption as of December 31, 2021 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Shares of Class A common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value Gross proceeds from partial exercise of overallotment option Shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption as of December 31, 2022 Private Placement Warrants, of which Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and Private Placement Warrants were purchased by Roth and certain Roth affiliates. The Sponsor purchase an additional Private Placement Warrants when the over-allotment option was partially exercised. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 to purchase shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 7. As of December 31, 2021, the Founder Shares include an aggregate of up shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s option to purchase additional units is not exercised in full or in part. On January 11, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option, resulting in forfeiture of shares of Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 outstanding Class B common stock excludes of shares forfeited due to partial exercise of the overallotment option on January 11, 2022. On November 18, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of Jeff Rosenthal, Margaret McDonald and Jason White, the Company s independent director nominees and Founder Shares to each of Assia Grazioli-Venier, Nate Bosshard and Jonathan Goodwin the Company s outside advisors. The Company determined the estimated fair value of the transferred shares to be immaterial and did not recognize the impact of the transfer in these financial statements. The Sponsor, anchor investors, Company s independent directors and outside advisors holding Founder Shares have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 - trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On May 11, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Public Offering (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable, according to contractual terms, on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowed under the Promissory Note. The Company settled the liability on January 11, 2022. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Service Agreement The Company entered into an administrative services agreement with an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. The affiliate agreed to provide the above services for consideration. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on December 21, 2021 and requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A common stock). In addition, our initial stockholders, any anchor investors holding Founder Shares and their respective permitted transferees are entitled to make up to demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall use its best efforts to file a registration statement within of our business combination to register such securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement On December 21, 2021 the Company paid a cash underwriting commission of per Unit, or in the aggregate. On December 21, 2021, the underwriters also reimbursed the Company for of transaction costs incurred by the Company. Following the reimbursement, the underwriters net commission was or per Unit. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units at the Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which was partially exercised on January 11, 2022. On January 11, 2022, the Company paid a cash underwriting commission of per Unit or in the aggregate in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Legal Advisory Agreement On July 7, 2022, the Company signed an agreement with a legal advisor that will represent the Company on corporate and securities compliance matters related to its pursuit of a Business Combination. According to the terms of the agreement, the Company was obligated to pay a retainer fee of upon the signing of this agreement, and is further obligated to pay up to an additional when certain milestones are met prior to the closing of the Business Combination. Legal fees incurred in connection with the business combination above will be due and payable upon completion of the Business Combination. The initial retainer fee of was paid as of January 30, 2023. The amount of legal fees recorded as part of Company s Accounts payable and Accrued expenses was as of December 31, 2022. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. There were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A common stock subject to redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. There were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The number excludes of Class B common stock forfeited due to partial exercise of the overallotment option on January 11, 2022. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to increase in respect of the issuance of certain securities, as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities (as described herein), are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amount issued in the Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the aggregate number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Public Offering, plus the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or any of the officers or director. Public Warrants Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants are issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the date that is the later of twelve months from the date of this offering or after the completion of the initial Business Combination, provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day after to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described under Description of Securities Redeemable Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. Redemptions of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities as described above) for any trading days within a 30 - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders, and if , and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption for cash, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis , as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Company accounted for the warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The Company concluded that the Public and Private Placement Warrants are considered indexed to the entity s own stock and meet other equity classification requirements. Therefore, Public and Private Placement Warrants are considered equity instruments and are classified as such. Underwriters Over-allotment Option- The Company granted the underwriters a -day option from the date of the Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units at the Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The Company categorized the over-allotment option as a freestanding financial instrument to be accounted for separately from the Units. On January 11, 2022 the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and acquired additional Units. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred ) ) Total Federal ) State: Current Deferred ) Total State ) Change in Valuation Allowance Total Provision The Company s net deferred tax assets consist of the following: Net Operating Loss Total Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance ) ) Net Deferred Tax Asset The Company has approximately of federal and of state Net Operating Losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income, if any. The state net operating loss carryforwards if unused, will expire by 2031. Under the new Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal NOLs incurred after December 31, 2017 are carried forward indefinitely for federal tax purposes. The ability to use federal NOLs may be limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and 383. State NOLs are subject to similar limitations in many cases. As a result, the stated NOLs may not have any value to the Company. The statute of limitations for assessment by the IRS and state tax authorities is open for tax years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. Currently, no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing authorities. In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31,2022 was . 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Non-deductible items - - State and local taxes, net of federal taxes State effect of perm items - Deferred rate change Valuation allowance - Total Provision and Effective Tax Rate Cash paid for income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

Quoted Prices In Significant Other Significant Other December 31, Active Markets Observable Unobservable 2021 (Level 1) Inputs (Level 2) Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Investments held in Trust Account Liabilities: Over-allotment option The over-allotment option was accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 815-40 and is presented within liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The over-allotment liability is measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of over-allotment units in the statements of operations. The Company used a Black Scholes model to value the over-allotment option. The over-allotment option was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. Inherent in pricing models are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the option. The expected life of the option is assumed to be equivalent to its remaining contractual term. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Expected term (years) Expected volatility Exercise price Unit Price 

January 11, Input 2022 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (years) Expected volatility Exercise price Unit Price The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Level 3 over-allotment liability for the period from April 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022: Initial fair value of over-allotment liability upon issuance at IPO Change in fair value Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in fair value at January 11, 2022 ) Fair value of forfeited overallotment units at January 11, 2022 ) Elimination of overallotment liability at January 11, 2022 ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Exhibits The following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and among the Company, BofA Securities and Roth Capital Partners, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 4.5 Description of Securities 10.1 Promissory Note, dated May 11, 2021, issued to Revelstone Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 10.2 Subscription Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, between the Registrant and Revelstone Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 10.3 Letter Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, the Sponsor and certain other stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.4 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, and certain other stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.6 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Revelstone Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on J December 10, 2021). 10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and each of its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021). 10.8.1 Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.8.2 Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Roth Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.9.1 Investment Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, by and between the Company and certain anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 

 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 10.9.2 Investment Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, by and between the Company and certain anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 10.9.3 Investment Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, by and between the Company and certain anchor investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on December 22, 2021). 14.1 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on November 24, 2021) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed herewith. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. REVELSTONE CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. Dated: March 24, 2023 By: /s/ Morgan Callagy Name: Morgan Callagy Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Morgan Callagy Co-Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2023 Morgan Callagy (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Daniel Neukomm Co-Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2023 Daniel Neukomm (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Margaret McDonald Director March 24, 2023 Margaret McDonald /s/ Jeff Rosenthal Director March 24, 2023 Jeff Rosenthal /s/ Jason White Director March 24, 2023 Jason White 
 F-25 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 rcac-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES General As of March 24, 2023 Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. 16,500,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 4,125,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. We have three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) our units; (2) our common stock; and (3) our warrants. The following description of our units, common stock, and warrants is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. Units Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of our Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the final prospectus dated December 16, 2021. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s shares of our Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The shares of our Class A common stock and warrants constituting the units will began separate trading on February 7, 2022. Once the shares of our Class A common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of our Class A common stock and warrants. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. In no event will the shares of our Class A common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet of the company reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering which will include this audited balance sheet. If the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Common Stock There are 20,625,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding including: 16,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock underlying the units sold in the initial public offering; and 4,125,000 shares of our Class B common stock held by our initial stockholders and anchor investors holding founder shares. 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of shares of our Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, holders of shares of our Class B common stock and holders of shares of our Class A common stock will vote together as a single class, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule. These provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by a majority of at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Unless specified in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders (other than the election of directors). Directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 180,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until not later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of our sponsor, officers or directors will be subject to the same obligations. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conductthe redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder 
 2 

 approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, unless a different vote is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, a quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the final prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in this offering, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, officers and directors have (and their respective permitted transferees, as applicable, will agree) agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination (except with respect to public shares held by the anchor investors). As a result, in addition to the founder shares, we would need 5,625,000, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the option to purchase additional units is not exercised), or 937,500, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised), of the 15,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of this offering, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 
 3 

 18 months of the closing of this offering. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers or directors acquires public shares after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months of the closing of this offering. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as shares of our Class B common stock and are identical to the shares of our Class A common stock included in the units sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights once converted. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders, anchor investors that will hold founder shares, directors and officers have agreed (and their respective permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, each of our anchor investors has entered into an investment agreement with us pursuant to which they have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them offering in favor of our initial business combination. Although the anchor investors are not contractually obligated to vote any public shares they own an incentive for them to do so.in favor of our initial business combination, their ownership of founder shares may provide an incentive for them to do so. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of our Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in this offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which the shares of our Class B common stock will convert into shares of our Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of our Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of all shares of common 
 4 

 stock issued and outstanding upon the completion of this offering plus all shares of our Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt securities. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our directors and officers and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported sale price of shares of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Preferred Stock Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the shares of common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock have been issued or registered in this offering. Redeemable Warrants No warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of twelve months from the date of the initial public offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of Class A common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders, any anchor investors holding founder shares or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units offered in the initial public offering. 
 5 

 We may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, at any time after the warrants become exercisable, upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders (Reference Value and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. 
 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then- prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Class A common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a an issue price or effective issue price less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock Newly Issued Price (of with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor, initial stockholders, any anchor investors holding founder shares or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business 
 6 

 combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of shares of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may loan us funds as may be required, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of this offering, in which case we will effect a capitalization or other appropriate mechanism immediately prior to the consummation of this offering in such amount as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 7 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rcac-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Daniel Neukomm, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Neukomm Daniel Neukomm Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rcac-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Morgan Callagy, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Morgan Callagy Morgan Callagy Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 rcac-20221231xex32.htm
 EXHIBIT-32

Exhibit 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Revelstone Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Daniel Neukomm Daniel Neukomm Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 
 Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Morgan Callagy Morgan Callagy Co-Chief Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rcac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rcac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rcac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rcac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

