<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1163370_0001163370-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25079460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>370467</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3053747</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9826909</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5804930</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5547320</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001163370-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306203616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001163370-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		156
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHRIM BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001163370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				920175752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33501
		FILM NUMBER:		23710747

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 241489
		CITY:			ANCHORAGE
		STATE:			AK
		ZIP:			99524-1489

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001163370-23-000015.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 nrim-20221231.htm
 10-K

nrim-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from_____to____ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 (Title of Class) (Name of Exchange on Which Listed) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 12(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in this filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of Common Stock, 1.00 par value, as of March 6, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 123 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 123 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 123 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 124 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 125 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 125 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 125 
 Item 14. Principal Account ant Fees and Services 
 125 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 Index to Exhibits 
 126 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 127 
 Signatures 
 129 

1 

PART I 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements , within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, which are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements describe management s expectations about future events and developments such as future operating results, growth in loans and deposits, continued success of the Northrim BanCorp Inc. s style of banking, and the strength of the local economy in which we operate. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding industry prospects, and future results of operations or financial position, made in this report are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipate, believe, expect, intend and similar expressions in part to help identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current plans and expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations, and those variations may be both material and adverse. Forward-looking statements, are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from our expectations as indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include: the effect of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and other infection illness outbreaks that may arise in the future and the resulting governmental or societal responses; impact of the results of government initiatives on the regulatory landscape, natural resource extraction industries, and capital markets; the impact of declines in the real estate market, high unemployment rates, inflationary pressures and slowdowns in economic growth; potential further increases in interest rates, inflation, supply-chain constraints, and potential geopolitical instability, including the war in Ukraine; financial stress on borrowers (consumers and businesses) as a result of higher rates or an uncertain economic environment; the general condition of, and changes in, the Alaska economy; our ability to maintain or expand our market share or net interest margin; the sufficiency of our allowance for loan losses and the accuracy of the assumptions or estimates used in preparing our financial statements, including those related to current expected credit losses accounting guidance; our ability to maintain asset quality; our ability to implement our marketing and growth strategies; our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks, including security breaches, denial of service attacks, hacking, and identity theft; and our ability to execute our business plan. Further, actual results may be affected by competition on price and other factors with other financial institutions; customer acceptance of new products and services; the regulatory environment in which we operate; and general trends in the local, regional and national banking industry and economy. In addition, there are risks inherent in the banking industry relating to collectability of loans and changes in interest rates. Many of these risks, as well as other risks that may have a material adverse impact on our operations and business, are identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, you should be aware that these factors are not an exhaustive list, and you should not assume these are the only factors that may cause our actual results to differ from our expectations. In addition, you should note that we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements or the uncertainties that may adversely impact those statements, other than as required by law. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 In this document, please note that references to "we", "our", "us", or the "Company" mean Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context suggests otherwise. 
 General 
 We are a publicly traded bank holding company headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska. The Company s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market NASDAQ under the symbol, NRIM. The Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. We began banking operations in Anchorage in December 1990, and formed the Company as an Alaska corporation in connection with our reorganization into a holding company structure; that reorganization was completed effective December 31, 2001. The Company has grown to be the third largest commercial bank in Alaska in terms of deposits, with 2.4 billion in total deposits and 2.7 billion in total assets at December 31, 2022. Through our 18 banking branches and eight mortgage origination offices, we are accessible to approximately 90 of the Alaskan population. 
 2 

The Company has three direct wholly-owned subsidiaries: 
 Northrim Bank (the Bank ), a state chartered, full-service commercial bank headquartered in Anchorage, Alaska. The Bank is regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") and the State of Alaska Department of Commerce, Community and Economic Development, Division of Banking and Securities.. The Bank has 18 branch locations in Alaska; eight in Anchorage, one in Wasilla, two in Juneau, two in Fairbanks, one in Ketchikan, one in Sitka, one in Eagle River, one in Nome, and one in Soldotna. Additionally, we have a loan production office in Kodiak. We operate in Washington State through Northrim Funding Services NFS ), a factoring business that the Bank started in 2004. We offer a wide array of commercial and consumer loan and deposit products, investment products, and electronic banking services over the Internet; 
 Northrim Investment Services Company NISC was formed in November 2002. Through NISC, we own 22 of the total outstanding equity interest in Pacific Wealth Advisors, LLC PWA ), an investment advisory, trust, and wealth management business located in Seattle, Washington. PWA is a holding company that owns Pacific Portfolio Consulting, LLC and Pacific Portfolio Trust Company; 
 Northrim Statutory Trust 2 NST2 ), an entity that we formed in December 2005 to facilitate a trust preferred securities offering by the Company. 
 The Bank has three direct wholly-owned subsidiaries: 
 Northrim Capital Investments Co. NCIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, which holds a 100 interest in a residential mortgage holding company, Residential Mortgage Holding Company, LLC, the parent company of Residential Mortgage, LLC (collectively RML ). RML became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NCIC on December 1, 2014. Prior to that, the Company held a 23.5 interest in RML. RML holds a 30 investment in Homestate Mortgage, LLC. 
 Northrim Building, LLC NBL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank that owns and operates the Company s main office facility at 3111 C Street in Anchorage. 
 Northrim Building LO, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank that owns and operates the Company s community branch facility at 2270 E. 37th Avenue in Anchorage. 
 Segments 
 The Company operates in two primary segments: Community Banking and Home Mortgage Lending. Measures of the revenues, profit or loss, and total assets for each of the Company's segments are included in Part II. Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Business Strategy 
 The Company s primary objective is to be Alaska's most trusted financial institution by adding value for our customers, communities, and shareholders. We aspire to be Alaska's premier bank and employer of choice as a leader in financial expertise, products, and services. We value our state, and we are proud to be Alaskan. We embody Alaska's frontier spirit and values, and we support our communities. We have a sincere appreciation for our customers, and we strive to deliver superior customer first service that is reliable, ethical, and secure. We look for growth opportunities for our customers, our institution, and our employees. 
 Our strategy is one of value-added growth. Management believes that calculated, sustainable organic and inorganic market share growth coupled with good asset quality, an appropriate core deposit and capital base, operational efficiency, diversified sources of other operating income, and improved profitability is the most appropriate means of increasing shareholder value. 
 Our business strategy emphasizes commercial lending products and services through relationship banking with businesses and professional individuals. Because of our relatively small size, our experienced senior management team can be more involved with serving customers and making credit decisions, all of which are made in Alaska, allowing us to compete more favorably with larger competitors for business lending relationships. Our business strategy also emphasizes the origination of a variety of home mortgage loan products, most of which we sell to the secondary market. We retain servicing for home mortgages that we originate and sell to the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation ("AHFC"). We believe that there is 
 3 

opportunity to increase the Company s loan portfolio, particularly in the commercial portion of the portfolio, in the Company s current market areas through existing and new customers. We have targeted the acquisition of new customers in professional fields including physicians, dentists, accountants, and attorneys. In addition to lending products, in many cases commercial customers also require multiple deposit and affiliated services that add franchise value to the Company. We believe that these strategies will continue to benefit the Company in 2023, and we intend to continue to grow our balance sheet through increasing our market share. 
 The Company s business strategy also stresses the importance of customer deposit relationships to support its lending activities. Our guiding principle is to serve our market areas by operating with a Superior Customer First Service philosophy, affording our customers the highest priority in all aspects of our operations. We believe that our adherence to this philosophy has created a strong core deposit franchise that provides a stable, low cost funding source for expanded growth in all of our lending areas. We have devoted significant resources to future deposit product development, expansion of electronic services for both personal and business customers, and enhancement of the Company's information security related to providing these services. 
 In addition to market share growth, a significant aspect of the Company s business strategy is focused on managing the credit quality of our loan portfolio. As the Company continues to grow, management is committed to allocating more resources to the credit management function of the Bank to provide enhanced financial analysis of our largest, most complex loan relationships to further develop our processes for analyzing and managing various concentrations of credit within the overall loan portfolio. Continued success in maintaining the credit quality of our loan portfolio and managing our level of other real estate owned is a significant aspect of the Company s strategy for attaining sustainable, long-term market growth to produce increased shareholder value. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 We believe that we provide a high level of customer service. To achieve our objective of providing Superior Customer First Service , in managing its human capital resources, management emphasizes the hiring and retention of competent and highly motivated employees at all levels of the organization. Management believes that a well-trained and highly motivated core of employees allows maximum personal contact with customers in order to understand and fulfill customer needs and preferences. This Superior Customer First Service philosophy is combined with our emphasis on personalized, local decision making. The Company continues to enhance our company-wide employee training program which focuses on Northrim culture, "Superior Customer First Service", general sales and management skills, and various technical areas. All applicants and employees are treated with the same high level of respect regardless of their gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. The Company complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the Company operates. 
 The Company strives to continuously evaluate our human capital polices for improvement and alignment with current best practices. The Company recently added the Juneteenth National Independence Day and Indigenous People's Day to our lineup of paid holidays for employees. Additionally, effective January 1, 2022 the Company enhanced its paid parental leave program for employees following the birth of a child or the placement of a child in connection with an adoption. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company increased base wages for all Community Banking employees below the level of Senior Vice President. This pay increase was done outside of the normal annual salary review process in order to appropriately respond, in a timely manner, to inflationary and competitive wage pressures. Effective January 1, 2023, the Company increased its sick leave benefit from 32 to 40 hours per year and removed the legacy 3-day wait period to use this benefit. 
 Approximately 49 of the Company's employees are working remotely as of December 31, 2022 either on a full- or part-time basis, including employees that work remotely part-time and work in the office part-time, which we refer to as a "hybrid" work from home arrangement. Like many other entities, the percentage of the Company's work force that works remotely in some fashion increased during the pandemic and is expected to stay approximately consistent with current levels in the future as the Company has adjusted to the new environment. We also offer our employees other flexible work options, such as variable work hours, condensed workweeks and part-time hours. There have been no material impacts to our operations due to the increase in these alternative working arrangements, and we are pleased to provide our employees with more flexibility to accommodate their needs. In addition, Northrim provides for a strong work/life balance, including generous paid time off and paid parental leave. 
 4 

Employee Profile 
 We consider our relations with our employees to be highly satisfactory. We had 469 full-time equivalent employees at December 31, 2022. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Of the 469 full-time equivalent employees, 336 were Community Banking employees and 133 were Home Mortgage Lending employees. 
 Among the Company's full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2022, 69 identify as women and 31 as men. Approximately 33 of the workforce identify as a member of a racial minority, 3 identify as individuals with a disability, and 1 identify as veterans. In executive and senior management positions, 43 identify as women and 57 as men as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 11 of those in executive and senior management positions identify as a member of a racial minority, 4 identify as individuals with a disability, and 4 identify as veterans. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We strive to ensure a respectful, diverse, and inclusive environment and experience for all of our employees. We support and cultivate an open and respectful environment where everyone can actively contribute, have equal access to opportunities and resources, be themselves, and realize their potential. This is reflected in our policies, which encourage individual values, strengths and protections to provide gender diversity and equality in the workplace and are reinforced through our annual anti-harassment training. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we emphasize inclusion through hiring and compensation practices and consider a pool of diverse candidates for open positions and internal advancement opportunities and treat all our applicants with the same high level of respect regardless of their gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. To address issues related to pay discrimination, we do not ask potential candidates about their current or previous compensation during the hiring process, and we incorporate equal and fair pay reviews into every employment compensation decision. Our annual Affirmative Action Plan continues to focus our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts on increasing the number of veterans and persons with disabilities in our workforce. 
 Products and Services 
 Community Banking 
 Lending Services: We have an emphasis on commercial and real estate lending. Our loan products include short and medium-term commercial loans, commercial credit lines, construction and real estate loans, and consumer loans. We emphasize providing financial services to small and medium-sized businesses and to individuals. These types of lending products have provided us with needed market opportunities and generally provide higher net interest margins compared to other types of lending such as consumer lending. However, they also involve greater risks, including greater exposure to changes in local economic conditions. 
 Additionally, in 2021 and 2020, we originated a significant amount of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief. and Economic Security ("CARES") Act established several new temporary U.S. Small Business Administration SBA loan programs to assist U.S. small businesses through the COVID-19 pandemic. One of the new loan programs is the PPP, an expansion of the SBA s 7(a) loan program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ("ARP Act") provided additional funding for the PPP. PPP provides loans to small businesses who were affected by economic conditions as a result of COVID-19 to provide cash-flow assistance to employers who maintain their payroll (including healthcare and certain related expenses), mortgage interest, rent, leases, utilities and interest on existing debt during this emergency. Eligible borrowers need to make a good faith certification that the uncertainty of current economic conditions make requesting assistance necessary to support ongoing operations. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 1106 of the CARES Act, borrowers may apply to the Bank for loan forgiveness of all or a portion of the loan, subject to certain eligibility requirements and conditions. As of December 31, 2022, 606.9 million or 99 of the PPP loans that the Company originated under the program have been forgiven. 
 Our lending operations are guided by loan policies, approval procedures, and amount limitations. Our loan policies outline the basic policies and procedures by which lending operations are conducted. Generally, the policies address our desired loan types, target markets, underwriting and collateral requirements, terms, interest rate and yield considerations, and compliance with laws and regulations. The policies are reviewed and approved annually by the board of directors of the Bank. Management has processes in place to analyze and manage various concentrations of credit within the overall loan portfolio. The Credit Administration Department monitors the procedures and processes for both the analysis and reporting of problem loans, and also develops strategies to resolve problem loans based on the facts and circumstances for each loan. Finally, our Internal Audit Department also performs an independent review of each loan portfolio for compliance with 
 5 

loan policy, as well as a review of credit quality. The Internal Audit review follows the FDIC sampling guidelines and a review of each portfolio is performed on an annual basis. 
 Purchase of accounts receivable: We provide short-term working capital to customers primarily in our Alaska markets as well as Washington, Oregon and some other states by purchasing their accounts receivable through NFS. Our purchased receivable activity is guided by policies that outline risk management, documentation, and approval limits. In 2023, we expect NFS to continue to penetrate these markets and to continue to contribute to the Company s profitability. 
 Deposit Services : Our deposit services include business and personal noninterest-bearing checking accounts and interest-bearing time deposits, checking accounts, savings accounts, and individual retirement accounts. Our interest-bearing accounts generally earn interest at rates established by management based on competitive market factors and management s desire to increase or decrease certain types or maturities of deposits. 
 Several of our deposit services and products are: 
 A specialized business checking account customized to account activity; 
 A money market deposit account; 
 A Jump-Up certificate of deposit CD that allows additional deposits with the opportunity to increase the rate to the current market rate for a similar term CD; 
 A savings account that is priced like a money market account that allows additional deposits, quarterly withdrawals without penalty, and tailored maturity dates; 
 IntraFi Network Deposits and business sweep; 
 
 Consumer online banking, mobile app, and mobile deposit; 
 Business online banking, business mobile app, and business mobile deposit; and 
 Instantly issued debit cards for business and consumer accounts at account opening. 
 Other Services : In addition to our traditional deposit and lending services, we offer our customers several convenience services: Mobile Web and Text Banking, consumer online account opening, Personal Finance, Online Documents, Consumer Debit Cards, Business Debit Cards, My Rewards for consumer debit cards, retail lockbox services, card controls, Consumer Credit Cards, Business Credit Cards, Corporate Purchase Cards, Integrated Payables, home equity advantage access cards, telebanking, and automated teller services. Other services include personalized checks at account opening, overdraft protection from a savings account, commercial drive-up banking at many locations, automatic transfers and payments, People Pay (a peer-to-peer payment functionality), external transfers, Bill Pay, wire transfers, direct payroll deposit, electronic tax payments, Automated Clearing House origination and receipt, remote deposit capture, account reconciliation and positive pay, merchant services, cash management programs and sweep options to meet the needs of business customers, annuity products, and long term investment portfolios. 
 Other Services Provided Through Affiliates: Our affiliate PWA provides investment advisory, trust, and wealth management services for customers who are primarily located in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska. We plan to continue to leverage these affiliate relationships to strengthen our existing customer base and bring new customers into the Bank. 
 Significant Business Concentrations: No individual or single group of related accounts is considered material in relation to our total assets or total revenues, or to the total assets, deposits or revenues of the Bank, or in relation to our overall business. Based on classification by North American Industry Classification System ("NAICS"), there are no segments that exceed 10 of portfolio loans, except for real estate (see Note 5, Loans and Credit Quality, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for a breakout of real estate loans). In addition to its review of NAICS codes, the Company has also identified concentrations in various industries that may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and a decline in oil prices. We estimate that as of December 31, 2022 the Company had 126.5 million, or 8 of total loans, in the healthcare sector, 96.3 million, or 6 of portfolio loans, in the tourism sector, 83.4 million, or 6 , in the oil and gas sector, 70.8 million, or 5 of total loans in the fishing sector, 65.1 million, or 4 in the accommodations sector, 50.8 million, or 3 of portfolio loans, in the aviation (non-tourism) sector, 54.8 million, or 4 , in retail loans, and 46.9 million, or 3 in the restaurants and breweries sector. Additionally, approximately 38 of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 is attributable to 44 large borrowing relationships. Moreover, our business activities are 
 6 

currently focused primarily in the state of Alaska. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon the general trends in the Alaska economy and, in particular, the residential and commercial real estate markets in Anchorage, Juneau, Fairbanks, the Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Ketchikan, Sitka, and to a lesser extent, the Kenai Peninsula, Kodiak and Nome. 
 Home Mortgage Lending 
 Lending Services: The Company originates 1-4 family residential mortgages, the majority of which are located in Alaska, most of which we sell to the secondary market. Residential mortgage choices include several products from AHFC including first-time homebuyer, veteran's and rural community programs; Federal Housing Authority, or "FHA" loans; Veterans Affairs, or "VA" loans; Jumbo loans; and various conventional mortgages. The Company retains servicing rights on loans sold to AHFC since implementing a loan servicing program in July 2015. 
 Alaska Economy 
 Our growth and operations are impacted by the economic conditions of Alaska and the specific markets we serve. Significant changes in the Alaska economy and the markets we serve eventually could have a positive or negative impact on the Company. Alaska is strategically located on the Pacific Rim, within nine hours by air from 95 of the northern hemisphere, and Anchorage has become a worldwide air cargo and transportation link between the United States and international business in Asia and Europe. The economy of Alaska is dependent upon natural resource industries. Key sectors of the Alaska economy are the oil industry, government and military spending, and the fishing, mining, tourism, air cargo, transportation, and construction industries, as well as health services. 
 Recent Economic Developments 
 The Alaska economy continued to recover in 2022 from the effects of the COVID pandemic. Jobs steadily increased throughout the year and unemployment remains low. Continued high inflation is impacting business activity, and incomes are rising, but not at the same pace as inflation. Average home sales prices were at record highs, but the number of units sold has declined as interest rates rose rapidly. Alaska is enjoying a healthy rebound in tourism activity and the construction, warehousing and transport sectors are performing well. Energy exploration success is projected to translate into new oil production which could help support Alaska state government budgets in the future. 
 The Alaska Department of Labor ("DOL") has released preliminary data through December of 2022. The DOL reports total payroll jobs in Alaska increased 2.1 or 6,400 jobs compared to December of 2021. Nearly all private sectors showed year over year growth in jobs with the exception of Manufacturing (down 300) and State Government (down 600). Trade, Transport and Utilities grew 9 in 2022, adding 1,800 job since December of 2021. Leisure and Hospitality also grew by 1,800 jobs in the same time period, which was 6.2 growth for the tourism dependent sector. Oil and Gas increased by 5.9 or 400 jobs between December of 2021 and 2022. Other Services grew 5.8 ; Professional and Business Services added 2.3 ; Local Government increased by 2 and Construction grew 1.4 in 2022. 
 
 The DOL also reported Alaska s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate for December of 2022 was 4.3 compared to 3.5 for the U.S. 
 
 Alaska s Gross State Product GSP in the third quarter of 2022, was estimated to be 65.1 billion in nominal terms, according to the Federal Bureau of Economic Analysis ("BEA"). Alaska s inflation adjusted real GSP grew at an annualized rate of 8.7 in the third quarter of 2022 in the BEA s most recent report published December 23, 2022. Alaska s third quarter performance was the highest growth rate of all 50 states. Real GSP increased in 47 of the 50 U.S. states in the third quarter of 2022 at an average rate of 3.2 . Alaska s real GSP improvement was primarily due to gains in the Oil and Gas sector, followed by growth in Transportation and Warehousing. 
 
 The BEA also calculated Alaska s seasonally adjusted personal income at 51 billion in the third quarter of 2022, an improvement of 5.8 over the prior quarter on an annualized basis. The national average was an increase of 5.3 for the same period . 
 
 The price of Alaska North Slope ANS crude oil averaged 91.41 per barrel in the State s fiscal year, which ended June 30, 2022. The Alaska State Department of Revenue DOR forecasts ANS oil to average 88.45 per barrel in Alaska's fiscal year 2023 and 81.00 in 2024. The average monthly price for ANS in January of 2023 was 80.87. The DOR calculated ANS crude oil production was 486 thousand barrels per day in Alaska s fiscal year, ending June 30, 2022. They forecast production to increase to 501 thousand barrels per day in Alaska s fiscal year 2023 and 512 thousand barrels per day in 2024. This is primarily a result of new production coming on line in the NPR-A region west of Prudhoe Bay. 
 7 

According to the Mortgage Bankers Association, Alaska s home mortgage delinquency rate at the end of 2022 was 2.9 . This is identical to the rate in Alaska at the end of 2019. The delinquency rate increased to 6.2 at the end of 2020 after the effects of COVID impacted jobs. The rate improved to 4.1 at the end of 2021 and has now returned to pre-COVID levels. Alaska s current delinquency rate of 2.9 compares to the average rate across the U.S. of 3.9 . The Mortgage Bankers Association survey also reported that the mortgage foreclosure inventory in Alaska at the end of 2022 was 0.54 and the national average was 0.57 . 
 
 According to the Alaska Multiple Listing Services, the average sales price of a single family home in Anchorage rose 7.7 in 2022 to 456,610. This was the fifth consecutive year of price increases, following growth of 6.9 in 2021 and 5.8 in 2020. Average sales prices in the Matanuska Susitna Borough rose 10 in 2022 to 382,528, continuing a trend of average price increases for more than a decade. Average home prices in the Matanuska Susitna Borough increased 15.6 in 2021 and 9.9 in 2020. These two markets represent where the vast majority of the Bank s residential lending activity occurs. 
 
 The number of housing units sold in Anchorage did slow in 2022 by 21.3 compared to 2021, as reported by the Alaska Multiple Listing Services. The number of units sold in Anchorage had been increasing for the prior three years, growing by 11.2 in 2021. The Matanuska Susitna Borough also experienced a lower volume of home sales, down 11.9 in 2022 compared to the prior year. The number of units sold in the Matanuska Susitna Borough had been increasing for the prior four years and grew by 11.7 in 2021. 
 
 A material portion of our loans at December 31, 2022, were secured by real estate located in greater Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks, and Southeast Alaska. In 2022, 25 of our revenue was derived from the residential housing market in the form of loan fees and interest on residential construction and land development loans and income from our Home Mortgage Lending segment as compared to 38 and 47 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Real estate values generally are affected by economic and other conditions in the area where the real estate is located, fluctuations in interest rates, changes in tax and other laws, and other matters outside of our control. A decline in real estate values in the greater Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks, and Southeast Alaska areas could significantly reduce the value of the real estate collateral securing our real estate loans and could increase the likelihood of defaults under these loans. 
 
 Long Term Economic Factors 
 We believe the long-term growth of the Alaska economy will most likely be determined by large scale natural resource development projects. Several multi-billion dollar projects can potentially advance in the moderate-term. Some of these projects include copper, gold and molybdenum production at the proposed Donlin mine and continued exploration in the National Petroleum Reserve Alaska. Because of their size, we believe each of these projects faces tremendous challenges. We believe various political decisions need to be made by government regulators, issues need to be resolved in the court system, and multi-billion dollar financial commitments need to be made by the private sector if these large natural resource projects are to advance. If none of these projects moves forward in the next ten years, we believe state revenues will continue to decline with falling oil production from older fields on the North Slope of Alaska. We anticipate the decline in state revenues will likely have a negative effect on Alaska s economy. 
 The oil industry plays a significant role in the economy of Alaska, but revenues for the State of Alaska are less dependent on the oil industry than they have been historically due to the implementation of a percent of market value ("POMV") concept that has balanced and created more certainty in state revenue streams. Part of the POMV concept creates an allocation of a portion of investment earnings to unrestricted revenue instead of restricted revenue. According to the State of Alaska Department of Revenue, in 2022 and 2021, investment earnings represented 3.0 million, or 43 , and 3.1 million, or 65 , respectively, of unrestricted revenues. As of December 31, 2022, Alaska's Constitutional Budget Reserve was 1.1 billion and the Alaska Permanent Fund had a balance of 74.5 billion. Investment revenue generated by the Alaska Permanent Fund is also used to pay an annual dividend to every eligible Alaskan citizen. 
 Even though we believe that the implementation of the POMV concept is a positive for the state of Alaska's financial well-being, we anticipate that if oil prices drop to lower levels in the longer term it will be a concern for Alaska's long-term economic growth. However, we believe Alaska's economy is less sensitive to oil price volatility within a six- to twelve-month time frame than Alaska's state government budget. While state government revenue from oil royalties is immediately and directly impacted by a drop in oil prices, we believe that the large scale and nature of oil wells in Alaska are such that project commitments that currently exist will most likely not be disrupted by short-term price volatility. 
 8 

We believe our exposure to the tourism industry diversifies the Company's customer base in the long-term. We believe this helps mitigate the effect that a decline in natural resource industries, specifically the oil industry, in Alaska would have on the Company's operations. Southeast Alaska is the primary destination for cruise ships that visit Alaska. Based on the latest information from Rain Coast Data, approximately one million cruise ship tourists have visited Southeast Alaska annually in recent years, except in 2020 when there were no cruise visitors and in 2021 when there were roughly 116,000 cruise visitors according to State of Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development ("SOADLWD"). These declines were due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The SOADLWD reported in its January 2023 issue of Alaska Economic Trends Magazine that the cruise industry brought 1.2 million cruise ship visitors to Alaska in 2022, and this total is expected to increase in 2023. 
 
 Alaska s residents are not subject to any state income or state sales taxes. For over 40 years, Alaska residents have received annual distributions payable in October of each year from the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation, which is supported by royalties from oil production. The distribution was 3,284 per eligible resident in 2022 for an aggregate distribution of approximately 2.1 billion. The Anchorage Economic Development Corporation estimates that, for most Anchorage households, distributions from the Alaska Permanent Fund Corporation exceed other Alaska taxes to which those households are subject. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive and concentrated banking environment. We compete not only with other commercial banks, but also with many other financial competitors, including credit unions (including Global Credit Union, formerly Alaska USA Federal Credit Union, one of the nation s largest credit unions), finance companies, mortgage banks and brokers, securities firms, insurance companies, private lenders, and other financial intermediaries, many of which have a state-wide or regional presence, and in some cases, a national presence. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources and capital than we do and offer products and services that are not offered by us. Our non-bank competitors also generally operate under fewer regulatory constraints, and in the case of credit unions, are not subject to income taxes. We estimate that credit unions in Alaska have a 43 share of total deposits held in banks and credit unions in the state as of June 30, 2022. Changes in credit union operating practices have effectively eliminated the common bond of membership requirement and liberalized their lending authority to include business and real estate loans on par with commercial banks. The differences in resources and regulation may make it harder for us to compete profitably, to reduce the rates that we can earn on loans and investments, to increase the rates we must offer on deposits and other funds, and adversely affect our financial condition and earnings. 
 As our industry becomes increasingly dependent on and oriented toward technology-driven delivery systems, permitting transactions to be conducted electronically, non-bank institutions are able to attract funds and provide lending and other financial services even without offices located in our primary service area. Some insurance companies and brokerage firms compete for deposits by offering rates that are higher than may be appropriate for the Company in relation to its asset and liability management objectives. However, we offer a wide array of deposit products and services and believe we can compete effectively through relationship based pricing and effective delivery of Superior Customer First Service . We also compete with full service investment firms for non-bank financial products and services offered by PWA and through retail investment advisory services and annuity investment products that we offer through a third-party vendor. 
 Currently, there are seven commercial banks operating in Alaska. At June 30, 2022, the date of the most recently available information, Northrim Bank had approximately a 14 share of the Alaska bank deposits, 18 in the Anchorage area, 23 in Juneau, 17 in Matanuska-Susitna, 14 in Sitka, 12 in Fairbanks, 9 in Ketchikan, and 8 in the Kenai Peninsula. 
 9 

The following table sets forth market share data for the banks and credit unions having a presence in Alaska as of June 30, 2022, the most recent date for which comparative deposit information is available. 
 Financial institution Number of branches Total deposits (in thousands) Market share of total financial institution deposits Market share of total bank deposits Northrim Bank (1) 
 17 2,361,055 8 14.0 Wells Fargo Bank Alaska (1) 
 39 7,536,026 26 44.5 First National Bank Alaska (1) 
 27 4,161,642 14 24.6 Key Bank (1) 
 11 1,184,196 4 7.0 First Bank (1) 
 9 709,329 2 4.2 Mt. McKinley Bank (1) 
 5 548,045 2 3.2 Denali State Bank (1) 
 5 420,098 1 2.5 Total bank branches 113 16,920,391 57 100 Credit unions (2) 
 86 12,659,034 43 NA Total financial institution branches 199 29,579,425 100 100 
 (1) FDIC Summary of Deposits as of June 30, 2022. 
 (2) SNL Financial Deposit Market Share Summary as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The Company is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHC Act registered with and subject to examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). The Company s bank subsidiary is an Alaska-state chartered commercial bank and is subject to examination, supervision, and regulation by the Alaska Department of Commerce, Community and Economic Development, Division of Banking and Securities (the Division ). The FDIC insures the Bank s deposits and also examines, supervises, and regulates the Bank. The Company s affiliated investment advisory and wealth management company, Pacific Portfolio Consulting, LLC, is subject to and regulated under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 and applicable state investment advisor rules and regulations. The Company s affiliated trust company, Pacific Portfolio Trust Company, is regulated as a non-depository trust company under the trust company laws of the State of Washington and is subject to supervision and examination by the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions. 
 
 The Company s earnings and activities are affected, among other things, by legislation, by actions of the FRB, the Division, the FDIC and other regulators, by local legislative and administrative bodies, and decisions of courts. These include limitations on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, numerous federal and state consumer protection laws imposing requirements on the making, enforcement, and collection of consumer loans, and restrictions on and regulation of the sale of mutual funds and other uninsured investment products to customers. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act significantly modified and expanded the legal and regulatory requirements imposed on banks and other financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance coverage to 250,000 per depositor and deposit insurance assessments paid by the Bank are now based on the Bank s total assets. Other Dodd-Frank Act changes include: (i) tightened capital requirements for the Bank and the Company; (ii) new requirements on parties engaged in residential mortgage origination, brokerage, lending and securitization; (iii) expanded restrictions on affiliate and insider transactions; (iv) enhanced restrictions on management compensation and related governance procedures; (v) creation of a federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB") with broad authority to regulate consumer financial products and services; and (vi) restrictions and prohibitions on the ability of banking entities to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in or have certain relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds. 
 
 Bank holding companies, such as the Company, are subject to a variety of restrictions on the activities in which they can engage and the acquisitions they can make. The activities or acquisitions of bank holding companies, such as the Company, that are not financial holding companies, are limited to those which constitute banking, managing or controlling banks or which are closely related activities. A bank holding company is required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB for the acquisition of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or substantially all of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Nonbank acquisitions and activities of a bank holding company are also generally limited to the acquisition of up to 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of a company unless the FRB has previously determined that the nonbank activities are closely related to banking, or prior approval is obtained from the FRB. 
 10 

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act also included extensive consumer privacy provisions. These provisions, among other things, limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic consumer information to non-affiliated third parties. The regulations require disclosure of privacy policies and allow consumers to prevent certain personal information from being shared with non-affiliated third parties. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act FACT Act requires financial institutions to develop and implement an identity theft prevention program to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft red flags to reduce the risk that customer information will be misused to conduct fraudulent financial transactions. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, the rule-making authority for the privacy provisions of the GLB Act has been transferred to the CFPB. In addition, the states are permitted to adopt more extensive privacy protections through legislation or regulation. 
 
 There are various legal restrictions on the extent to which a bank holding company and certain of its nonbank subsidiaries can borrow or otherwise obtain credit from their banking subsidiaries or engage in certain other transactions with or involving those banking subsidiaries. With certain exceptions, federal law imposes limitations on, and requires collateral for, extensions of credit by insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, to their non-bank affiliates, such as the Company. In addition, new capital rules may affect the Company's ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Subject to certain limitations and restrictions, a bank holding company, with prior approval of the FRB, may acquire an out-of-state bank. Banks in states that do not prohibit out-of-state mergers may merge with the approval of the appropriate federal banking agency. A state bank may establish a de novo branch out of state if such branching is permitted by the other state for state banks chartered by such other state. 
 
 Among other things, applicable federal and state statutes and regulations which govern a bank s activities relate to minimum capital requirements, required reserves against deposits, investments, loans, legal lending limits, mergers and consolidations, borrowings, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches and other aspects of its operations. The Division and the FDIC also have authority to prohibit banks under their supervision from engaging in what they consider to be unsafe or unsound practices. 
 
 There also are certain limitations on the ability of the Company to pay dividends to its shareholders. It is the policy of the FRB that bank holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of net income available over the past year and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s current and expected future capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The policy provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines a bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, the Alaska Corporations Code generally prohibits the Company from making any distributions to the Company's shareholders unless the amount of the retained earnings of the Company immediately before the distribution equals or exceeds the amount of the proposed distribution. The Alaska Corporations Code also prohibits the Company from making any distribution to the Company's shareholders if the Company or a subsidiary of the Company making the distribution is, or as a result of the distribution would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities as they mature. Under Alaska law, the Bank is not permitted to pay or declare a dividend in an amount greater than its undivided profits. 
 
 Various federal and state statutory provisions also limit the amount of dividends that subsidiary banks can pay to their holding companies without regulatory approval. The FDIC or the Division could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. In addition, recent capital rules may affect the Bank's ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Under longstanding FRB policy and under the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company is required to act as a source of financial strength for its subsidiary banks. The Company could be required to commit resources to its subsidiary bank in circumstances where it might not do so, absent such requirement. 
 
 Both the Company and the Bank are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital. In July 2013, federal banking regulators (including the FDIC and the FRB) adopted new capital requirement rules (the Rules ). The Rules apply to both depository institutions (such as the Bank) and their holding companies (such as the Company). The Rules reflect, in part, certain standards initially adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (which standards are commonly referred to as Basel III as well as requirements contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 The Rules recognize three types, or tiers, of capital: common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consists of retained earnings and common stock instruments (subject to certain adjustments), as well as accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"), except to the extent that the Company and the 
 11 

Bank exercise a one-time irrevocable option to exclude certain components of AOCI. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus subject to certain adjustments and limitations. Tier 2 capital generally includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and portions of the amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to certain requirements and deductions. The term "Tier 1 capital" means common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital, and the term "total capital" means Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. 
 
 The Rules generally measure an institution's capital using four capital measures or ratios. The common equity Tier 1 capital ratio is the ratio of the institution's common equity Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 capital ratio is the ratio of the institution's total Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The total capital ratio is the ratio of the institution's total capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The leverage ratio is the ratio of the institution's Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets. To determine risk-weighted assets, assets of an institution are generally placed into a risk category and given a percentage weight based on the relative risk of that category. The percentage weights range from 0 to 1,250 . An asset's risk-weighted value will generally be its percentage weight multiplied by the asset's value as determined under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, certain off-balance-sheet items are converted to balance-sheet credit equivalent amounts, and each amount is then assigned to one of the risk categories. An institution's federal regulator may require the institution to hold more capital than would otherwise be required under the Rules if the regulator determines that the institution's capital requirements under the Rules are not commensurate with the institution's credit, market, operational or other risks. 
 
 Both the Company and the Bank are required to have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 as well as a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 6.0 and a total risk-based ratio of 8.0 . In addition to the preceding requirements, both the Company and the Bank are required to have a conservation buffer, consisting of common equity Tier 1 capital, which is at least 2.5 above each of the preceding common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, the Tier 1 risk-based ratio and the total risk-based ratio. An institution that does not meet the conservation buffer will be subject to restrictions on certain activities including payment of dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 
 
 The Rules set forth the manner in which certain capital elements are determined, including but not limited to, requiring certain deductions related to mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. The Rules permit holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2009 (which includes the Company) to continue to include trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 in Tier 1 capital, generally up to 25 of other Tier 1 capital. 
 
 The Rules made changes in the methods of calculating certain risk-based assets, which in turn affects the calculation of risk- based ratios. Higher or more sensitive risk weights are assigned to various categories of assets, among which are commercial real estate, credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or are nonaccrual, foreign exposures, certain corporate exposures, securitization exposures, equity exposures and in certain cases mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. We believe that the current capital levels of the Company and the Bank are in compliance with the standards under the Rules including the conservation buffer. 
 
 Following the enactment of certain federal legislation in 2018, the federal banking regulators (including the FDIC and FRB) proposed a rule intended to simplify capital rules for certain community banks and their holding companies, the Community Bank Leverage Ratio ("CBLR"). Qualifying community banking organizations can elect to opt-into the CBLR and be under a new capital requirement rather than the current capital framework. To be eligible to make this election, the community banking organization would have to have less than 10 billion in assets, have a community bank leverage ratio of at least 9.00 and meet certain other criteria (including limits on off-balance sheet exposures and trading assets and liabilities). The CBLR would generally be the ratio of the organization's total bank equity capital to average assets, subject to certain adjustments. The intent of the CBLR is to simplify but not weaken capital requirements for qualifying community banks. Management has not elected to opt in to these new capital rules. However, the guidelines allow the Company to opt in to the simplification in the future should our assessment change. 
 
 In addition to the minimum capital standards, the federal banking agencies have issued regulations to implement a system of "prompt corrective action." These regulations apply to the Bank but not the Company. The regulations establish five capital categories; under the Rules, a bank generally is: 
 
 well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a common equity Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 6.5 or more, and a leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or more, and is not subject to any written agreement, order or capital directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure; 
 12 

adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or more, a common equity Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 4.5 or more, and a leverage capital ratio of 4.0 or more; 
 
 undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio less than 6.0 , a common equity risk-based ratio less than 4.5 or a leverage capital ratio less than 4.0 ; 
 
 significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio less than 4.0 , a common equity risk-based ratio less than 3.0 or a leverage capital ratio less than 3.0 ; and 
 
 critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 
 A bank that, based upon its capital levels, is classified as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. 
 
 At each successive lower capital category, a bank is subject to increasing supervisory restrictions. For example, being adequately capitalized rather than well-capitalized affects a bank s ability to accept brokered deposits without the prior approval of the FDIC, and may cause greater difficulty obtaining retail deposits. Banks in the adequately capitalized classification may have to pay higher interest rates to continue to attract those deposits, and higher deposit insurance rates for those deposits. This status also affects a bank s eligibility for a streamlined review process for acquisition proposals. 
 
 Management intends to maintain capital ratios for the Bank in 2023 that exceed the FDIC s requirements for the well-capitalized capital requirement classification. The dividends that the Bank pays to the Company will be limited to the extent necessary for the Bank to meet the regulatory requirements of a well-capitalized bank. 
 
 The Bank is required to file periodic reports with the FDIC and the Division and is subject to periodic examinations and evaluations by those regulatory authorities. These examinations must be conducted every 12 months, except that certain well-capitalized banks may be examined every 18 months. The FDIC and the Division may each accept the results of an examination by the other in lieu of conducting an independent examination. 
 
 In the liquidation or other resolution of a failed insured depository institution, claims for administrative expenses (including certain employee compensation claims) and deposits are afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims, including non-deposit claims, and claims of a parent company such as the Company. Such priority creditors would include the FDIC, which succeeds to the position of insured depositors to the extent it has made payments to such depositors. 
 
 The Bank is subject to the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA ). The CRA requires that the Bank help meet the credit needs of the communities it serves, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of the institution. The FDIC assigns one of four possible ratings to the Bank s CRA performance and makes the rating and the examination reports publicly available. The four possible ratings are outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve and substantial noncompliance. A financial institution s CRA rating can affect an institution s future business. For example, a federal banking agency will take CRA performance into consideration when acting on an institution s application to establish or move a branch, to merge or to acquire assets or assume liabilities of another institution. In its most recent CRA examination, the Bank received a Satisfactory rating from the FDIC. 
 
 In May 2022, the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), and the FRB jointly issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ANPR that invited public comment on an approach to modernize the regulations that implement the CRA by strengthening, clarifying, and tailoring them to reflect the current banking landscape and better meet the core purpose of the CRA. We will continue to evaluate the impact of any changes to the regulations implementing the CRA and their impact to our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, which cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 The Company is also subject to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act and the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (the AMLA ). Among other things, the USA PATRIOT Act and AMLA require the Company and the Bank to adopt and 
 13 

implement specific policies and procedures designed to prevent and defeat money laundering. Management believes the Company is in compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act as in effect on December 31, 2020. The AMLA was passed on January 1, 2021 and regulatory agencies are in the process of finalizing rules and regulations required by the passage of the AMLA. 
 
 The CARES Act established several new temporary SBA loan programs to assist U.S. small businesses through the COVID-19 pandemic. One of the new loan programs is the PPP, an expansion of the SBA s 7(a) loan program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program. 
 
 The PPP provides loans to small businesses who were affected by economic conditions as a result of COVID-19 to provide cash-flow assistance to employers who maintain their payroll (including healthcare and certain related expenses), mortgage interest, rent, leases, utilities and interest on existing debt during this emergency. Eligible borrowers need to make a good faith certification that the uncertainty of current economic conditions make requesting assistance necessary to support ongoing operations. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 1106 of the CARES Act, borrowers may apply to the Bank for loan forgiveness of all or a portion of the loan, subject to certain eligibility requirements and conditions. On March 11, 2021, the ARP Act was enacted and, among others, provided additional funding for the PPP and an expansion of the program for the benefit of certain nonprofits. 
 
 The Bank is an SBA lender and began accepting applications under the PPP via its online application process on April 3, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the Bank had 1,320 PPP loans totaling 122.7 million outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 29 PPP loans totaling 7.3 million outstanding. 
 
 In March 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC published proposed rules relating to risk management, strategy, governance and incident disclosure which would be applicable to public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC proposed rules, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 The federal banking regulators regularly issue new guidance and standards, and update existing guidance and standards, regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. Financial institutions are expected to comply with such guidance and standards and to accordingly develop appropriate security controls and risk management processes. If we fail to observe such regulatory guidance or standards, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 Recently, in November 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a Final Rule, with compliance required by May 1, 2022, that requires banking organizations to notify their primary banking regulator within 36 hours of determining that a computer-security incident has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization s ability to carry out banking operations or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, its businesses and operations that would result in material loss, or that would impact the stability of the United States. State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. 
 
 Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks, including litigation and enforcement risks, are expected to be elevated for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 
 A number of other federal and state consumer protection laws extensively govern the Bank s relationship with its customers. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act and these laws respective state-law counterparts, as well as state and territorial usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other laws subject the Bank to substantial regulatory oversight and, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, and restrict the Bank s ability to raise interest rates. 
 
 The Company is also subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ), including certain requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 14 

Available Information 
 The Company s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as well as its current reports on Form 8-K and proxy statement filings (and all amendments thereto), which are filed with the SEC, are accessible free of charge at our website at http://www.northrim.com as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. By making this reference to our website, the Company does not intend to incorporate into this report any information contained in the website. The website should not be considered part of this report. 
 The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of the Company s common stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 An investment in the Company's common stock is subject to risks inherent to the Company's business. Such risks, including those set forth in the summary of material risks in this Part I. Item 1A. should be carefully considered before purchasing our securities. 
 Interest Rate and Inflation Risk Factors 
 
 Changes in market interest rates could adversely impact the Company. 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Operational, Strategic and Business Risk Factors 
 
 Current economic conditions in the State of Alaska pose challenges for us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our concentration of operations in the Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks and Southeast areas of Alaska makes us more sensitive to downturns in those areas. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may be insufficient. 
 Residential mortgage lending is a market sector that experiences significant volatility and is influenced by many factors beyond our control. 
 Our information systems or those of our third-party vendors may be subject to an interruption or breach in security, including as a result of cyber-attacks. 
 A failure in or breach of the Company's operational systems, information systems, or infrastructure, or those of the Company's third-party vendors and other service providers, may result in financial losses, or loss of customers. 
 Our business is highly reliant on third party vendors. 
 We continually encounter technological change, and we may have fewer resources than many of our competitors to continue to invest in technological improvements. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to risk from changes in customer behavior. 
 If we do not comply with the agreements governing servicing of loans, if these agreements change materially, or if others allege non-compliance, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 Certain hedging strategies that we use to manage interest rate risk may be ineffective to offset any adverse changes in the fair value of these assets due to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. 
 15 

We have a significant concentration in real estate lending. A downturn in real estate within our markets would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Real estate values may decrease leading to additional and greater than anticipated loan charge-offs. 
 We may be unable to attract and retain key employees and personnel. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial conditions. 
 A failure of a significant number of our borrowers, guarantors and related parties to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar health crisis, may adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risk Factors 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and changes of or increases in banking or other laws and regulations or governmental fiscal or monetary policies could adversely affect us. 
 Changes in the FRB s monetary or fiscal policies could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Truth-in-Lending Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions or other adverse consequences. 
 Deposit insurance premiums could increase further in the future. 
 
 Accounting, Tax and Financial Risk Factors 
 
 Changes in income tax laws and interpretations, or in accounting standards, could materially affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The replacement of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") may adversely affect our business. 

Stock Ownership Risk Factors 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our shares, or to repay our indebtedness depends upon liquid assets held by the Company and the results of operations of our subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends. 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to repurchase stock. 
 The market price for our common stock may be volatile. 
 There may be future sales or other dilution of the Company s equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 The Company s business or the value of its common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist shareholders. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Natural disasters and adverse weather could negatively affect real estate property values and Bank operations. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 The financial services business is intensely competitive and our success will depend on our ability to compete effectively. 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so could materially adversely affect our performance. 
 Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, and other circumstances beyond our control could adversely affect our business operations. 
 Climate change, severe weather, natural disasters, and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 
 16 

We attempt to mitigate the foregoing risks. However, if we are unable to effectively manage the impact of these and other risks, our financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, or the market price of our common stock could be materially impacted. 

Interest Rate and Inflation Risks 
 
 Changes in market interest rates could adversely impact the Company. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, inflationary trends, changes in government spending and debt issuances and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the FRB . Changes in interest rates affect the demand for new loans, the credit profile of existing loans, the rates received on loans and securities, and rates paid on deposits and borrowings. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. These impacts may negatively impact our ability to attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest rate spreads, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. In particular, increases in interest rates have in the past and will likely in the future reduce RML s revenues by reducing the market for refinancings, as well as the demand for RML s other residential loan products. Additionally, increases in interest rates may impact our borrowers' ability to make loan payments, particularly in our commercial loan portfolio. 
 
 Interest rates may be affected by many factors beyond our control, including general and economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Beginning early in 2022, in response to growing signs of inflation, the FRB has increased interest rates rapidly. Although it is expected that the FRB will continue to increase the target federal funds rate in 2023 to combat recent inflationary trends, if interest rates do not rise, or if the FRB were to lower the target federal funds rate to below 0 , these low rates could continue to constrain our interest rate spread and may adversely affect our business forecasts. On the other hand, increases in interest rates, to combat inflation or otherwise, may result in a change in the mix of noninterest and interest-bearing accounts. All else being equal, if the interest rates on the Company's interest-bearing liabilities increase at a faster pace than the interest rates on our interest-earning assets, the result would be a reduction in net interest income and with it, a reduction in net income. In addition, anticipated changes in interest rates generally impact the mortgage rate market prior to the actual rate change. We are unable to predict changes in interest rates, which are affected by factors beyond our control, including inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply and other changes in financial markets. Exposure to interest rate risk is managed by monitoring the repricing frequency of our rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities over any given period. Although we believe the current level of interest rate sensitivity is reasonable, significant fluctuations in interest rates could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Inflationary pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition . 
 
 Inflation has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2022 and are likely to continue into 2023. Inflation could lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations increasing our credit risk. Sustained higher interest rates by the FRB may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our regional markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 17 

Operational, Strategic and Business Risks 
 
 Current economic conditions in the State of Alaska pose challenges for us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are operating in an uncertain economic environment. The pandemic caused a global economic slowdown, and while we have seen economic recovery, continuing supply chain issues, fluctuations in oil prices, labor shortages and inflation risk are affecting the continued recovery. In the longer term, relatively low oil prices are expected to negatively impact the overall economy in Alaska on a larger scale as we estimate that one third of the Alaskan economy is related to oil. Financial institutions continue to be affected by changing conditions in the real estate and financial markets, along with an arduous regulatory climate. Continued economic uncertainty and a recessionary or stagnant economy could result in financial stress on the Bank's borrowers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Deteriorating conditions in the regional economies of Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks, and the Southeast areas of Alaska served by the Company could drive losses beyond that which is provided for in our allowance for loan losses. We may also face the following risks in connection with events: 
 Ineffective monetary policy could cause rapid changes in interest rates and asset values that would have a materially adverse impact on our profitability and overall financial condition. Market developments and economic stagnation may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, resulting in increased delinquencies and default rates on loans and other credit facilities. Regulatory scrutiny of the industry could increase, leading to harsh regulation of our industry that could lead to a higher cost of compliance, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities and increase our exposure to litigation. Further erosion in the fiscal condition of the U.S. Treasury could lead to new taxes that would limit the ability of the Company to pursue growth and return profits to shareholders. 
 If these conditions or similar ones develop, we could experience adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our concentration of operations in the Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks and Southeast areas of Alaska makes us more sensitive to downturns in those areas. 
 Substantially all of our business is derived from the Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Fairbanks, and Southeast areas of Alaska. The majority of our lending has been with Alaska businesses and individuals. At December 31, 2022, less than 1 of the Bank's loans are PPP loans which are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. Of the remaining loan portfolio, excluding PPP loans, approximately 69 of loans are secured by real estate and 1 are unsecured. Approximately 30 are for general commercial uses, including professional, retail, and small businesses, and are secured by non-real estate assets. Repayment is expected from the borrowers cash flow or, secondarily, the collateral. Our exposure to credit loss, if any, is the outstanding amount of the loan if the collateral is proved to be of no value. These areas rely primarily upon the natural resources industries, particularly oil production, as well as tourism and government and U.S. military spending for their economic success. In particular, the oil industry plays a significant role in the Alaskan economy. 
 Our business is and will remain sensitive to economic factors that relate to these industries and local and regional business conditions. As a result, local or regional economic downturns, or downturns that disproportionately affect one or more of the key industries in regions served by the Company, may have a more pronounced effect upon our business than they might on an institution that is less geographically concentrated. The extent of the future impact of these events on economic and business conditions cannot be predicted; however, prolonged or acute fluctuations could have a material and adverse impact upon our financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our allowance for credit losses may be insufficient. 
 We maintain allowances for credit losses on loans, securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. The amount of each allowance account represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on these financial instruments considering available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. Relevant available information includes historical credit loss experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. As a result, the determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates related to current and expected future credit risks and trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Continuing deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers and securities issuers; new information regarding existing loans, credit commitments and securities holdings; the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic or other global pandemics; natural disasters and risks related 
 18 

to climate change; and identification of additional problem loans, ratings down-grades and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowances for credit losses on loans, securities and off-balance sheet credit exposures. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in credit loss expense or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Furthermore, if any charge-offs related to loans, securities or off-balance sheet credit exposures in future periods exceed our allowances for credit losses on loans, securities or off-balance sheet credit exposures, we will need to recognize additional credit loss expense to increase the applicable allowance. Any increase in the allowance for credit losses on loans, securities and/or off-balance sheet credit exposures will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Residential mortgage lending is a market sector that experiences significant volatility and is influenced by many factors beyond our control. 
 The Company earns revenue from the residential mortgage lending activities primarily in the form of gains on the sale of mortgage loans that we originate and sell to the secondary market. Residential mortgage lending in general has experienced substantial volatility in recent periods primarily due to changes in interest rates and other market forces beyond our control. 
 Interest rate changes, such as rate increases implemented by the FRB, have in the past, and may in the future, result in lower rate locks and closed loan volume, which may adversely impact the earnings and results of operations of RML. In addition, the recent increase and future increase, as is currently expected, in interest rates has in the past, and may in the future, materially and adversely affect our future loan origination volume and margins. 
 Our information systems or those of our third-party vendors may be subject to an interruption or breach in security, including as a result of cyber attacks. 
 The Company s technologies, systems, networks and software, and those of other financial institutions have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of cybersecurity threats and attacks, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. These cybersecurity threats and attacks may include, but are not limited to, breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. These types of threats may result from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or from accidental technological failure. Further, to access our products and services our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 
 Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including payment card numbers and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services. We also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. As customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations and requirements regarding operational and information security have increased, our operations systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. 
 Our customers and employees have been, and will continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, payment card numbers, bank account information or other personal information or to introduce viruses or other malware through trojan horse programs to our customers computers. These communications may appear to be legitimate messages sent by the Bank or other businesses, but direct recipients to fake websites operated by the sender of the e-mail or request that the recipient send a password or other confidential information via e-mail or download a program. Despite our efforts to mitigate these threats through product improvements, use of encryption and authentication technology to secure online transmission of confidential consumer information, and customer and employee education, such attempted frauds against us or our merchants and our third-party service providers remain a serious issue. The pervasiveness of cyber security incidents in general and the risks of cyber-crime are complex and continue to evolve. In addition, due to COVID-19, we have modified our business practices with a portion of our employees working remotely from their homes. The continuation of these work-from-home measures also introduces additional operational risk, including increased cybersecurity risk. In light of several recent high-profile data breaches at other companies involving customer personal and financial information, we believe the potential impact of a cyber security incident involving the Company, any exposure to consumer losses and the cost of technology investments to improve security could cause customer and/or Bank losses, damage to our brand, and increase our costs. 
 19 

Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant disruption could: disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers, including account numbers and other financial information; result in a violation of applicable privacy, data breach and other laws, subjecting the Bank to additional regulatory scrutiny and exposing the Bank to civil litigation, governmental fines and possible financial liability; require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; or harm our reputation or cause a decrease in the number of customers that choose to do business with us or reduce the level of business that our customers do with us. The occurrence of any such failures, disruptions or security breaches could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure in or breach of the Company's operational systems, information systems, or infrastructure, or those of the Company's third party vendors and other service providers, may result in financial losses, or loss of customers. 
 The Company relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide key components of our infrastructure, including the processing of sensitive consumer and business customer data, internet connections, and network access. These types of information and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations, and, in some cases, are critical to the operations of many of our customers. These third parties with which the Company does business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. Although the Company has implemented safeguards and business continuity plans, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and our customers, resulting in financial losses or loss of customers. 
 Our business is highly reliant on third party vendors. 
 We rely on third parties to provide services that are integral to our operations. These vendors provide services that support our operations, including the storage and processing of sensitive consumer and business customer data. The loss of these vendor relationships, or a failure of these vendors' systems, could disrupt the services we provide to our customers and cause us to incur significant expense in connection with replacing these services. 
 We continually encounter technological change, and we may have fewer resources than many of our competitors to continue to invest in technological improvements. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy client demands for convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many national vendors provide turn-key services to community banks, such as Internet banking and remote deposit capture that allow smaller banks to compete with institutions that have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able, however, to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to risk from changes in customer behavior. 
 
 Individual, economic, political, industry-specific conditions and other factors outside of our control, such as fuel prices, energy costs, real estate values, inflation, taxes or other factors that affect customer income levels, could alter anticipated customer behavior, including borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. Such a change in these practices could materially adversely affect our ability to anticipate business needs and meet regulatory requirements. Further, difficult economic conditions may negatively affect consumer confidence levels. A decrease in consumer confidence levels would likely 
 20 

aggravate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us, our customers and adversely affect our future loan origination volume and margins. 
 
 If we do not comply with the agreements governing servicing of loans, if these agreements change materially, or if others allege non-compliance, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 We have contractual obligations under the servicing agreements pursuant to which we service mortgage loans. Many of our servicing agreements require adherence to general servicing standards, and certain contractual provisions delegate judgment over various servicing matters to us. If the terms of these servicing agreements change, we may sustain higher costs. Our servicing practices, and the judgments that we make in our servicing of loans, could also be questioned by parties to these agreements. We could also become subject to litigation claims seeking damages or other remedies arising from alleged breaches of our servicing agreements. 
 Additionally, under our loan servicing program we retain servicing rights on mortgage loans originated by RML and sold to AHFC. If we breach any of the representations and warranties in our servicing agreements with AHFC, we may be required to repurchase any loan sold under this program and record a loss upon repurchase and/or bear any subsequent loss on the loan. We may not have any remedies available to us against third parties for such losses, or the remedies might not be as broad as the remedies available to the Alaska Housing Finance Corporation against us. 
 Certain hedging strategies that we use to manage interest rate risk may be ineffective to offset any adverse changes in the fair value of these assets due to changes in interest rates and market liquidity. 
 We use derivative instruments to economically hedge the interest rate risk in our residential mortgage loan commitments. Our hedging strategies are susceptible to prepayment risk, basis risk, market volatility and changes in the shape of the yield curve, among other factors. In addition, hedging strategies rely on assumptions and projections regarding assets and general market factors. If these assumptions and projections prove to be incorrect or our hedging strategies do not adequately mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates, we may incur losses that would adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a significant concentration in real estate lending. A downturn in real estate within our markets would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Approximately 69 of the Bank s loan portfolio, excluding PPP loans, at December 31, 2022 consisted of loans secured by commercial and residential real estate located in Alaska. Additionally, all of the Company's loans held for sale are secured by residential real estate. A slowdown in the residential sales cycle in our major markets and a constriction in the availability of mortgage financing, would negatively impact residential real estate sales, which would result in customers inability to repay loans. This would result in an increase in our non-performing assets if more borrowers fail to perform according to loan terms and if we take possession of real estate properties. Additionally, if real estate values decline, the value of real estate collateral securing our loans could be significantly reduced. If any of these effects continue or become more pronounced, loan losses will increase more than we expect and our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 
 Further, approximately 55 of the Bank s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 consisted of commercial real estate loans. While our investments in these types of loans have not been as adversely impacted as residential construction and land development loans, there can be no assurance that the credit quality in these portfolios will remain stable. Commercial construction and commercial real estate loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one commercial loan or one credit relationship exposes us to significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a consumer loan. The credit quality of these loans may deteriorate more than expected which may result in losses that exceed the estimates that are currently included in our loan loss allowance, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to attract and retain key employees and personnel. 
 We will be dependent for the foreseeable future on the services of Joseph M. Schierhorn, our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Operating Officer of the Company; Michael Huston, our President and Chief Lending Officer of Northrim Bank; Jed W. Ballard, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Amber Zins, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Northrim Bank. While we maintain keyman life insurance on the lives of Messrs. Schierhorn, Huston, Ballard and Ms. Zins in the amounts of 2.4 million, 2 million, 2 million and 2 million, respectively, we may not be able to timely replace these key employees with a person of comparable ability and experience 
 21 

should the need to do so arise, causing losses in excess of the insurance proceeds. The unexpected loss of key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and possibly result in reduced revenues and earnings. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial conditions. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity and severely constrain our financial flexibility. Our primary source of funding is deposits gathered through our network of branch offices. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or the economy in general. Factors that could negatively impact our access to liquidity sources include: 
 a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of an economic downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated; 
 adverse regulatory actions against us; or 
 our inability to attract and retain deposits. 
 Our ability to borrow could be impaired by factors that are not specific to us or our region, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry and unstable credit markets. Our access to deposits may also be negatively impacted by, among other factors, continued periods of low interest rates and increased competition for deposits, including from new financial technology competitors. 
 A failure of a significant number of our borrowers, guarantors and related parties to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 A source of risk arises from the possibility that losses will be sustained if a significant number of our borrowers, guarantors and related parties fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. We have adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and credit policies, including the establishment and review of our allowance for loan losses, which we believe are appropriate to minimize this risk by assessing the likelihood of nonperformance, tracking loan performance, and diversifying our credit portfolio. These policies and procedures, however, may not prevent unexpected losses that could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar health crisis, may adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions that may adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar health crisis, will negatively affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted and many of which are outside of our control, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the effectiveness of our pandemic response plans, the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic on our employees, customers, clients, counterparties and service providers, as well as other market participants, and actions taken, or that may yet be taken, or inaction, by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Should the pandemic continue for a more extended period or worsen, we may face additional circumstances such as significant draws on credit lines should customers seek to increase liquidity. Furthermore, should the pandemic continue, we may experience increased rates of employee illness or unavailability, and may experience challenges recruiting new employees. 
 
 Any disruption to our ability to deliver financial products or services to, or interact with, our clients and customers could result in losses or increased operational costs, regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions, or harm our reputation. We are also subject to litigation and reputational risk arising from our response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Governments have taken unprecedented steps to partially mitigate the adverse effects of their containment measures. For example, in late March 2020, the CARES Act was enacted to inject more than 2 trillion of financial assistance into the U.S. economy, followed by additional COVID relief legislation of approximately 900 million in December 2020. In March 2021 the ARP Act was enacted to inject an additional 1.9 trillion in financial relief and economic stimulus. Whether the economic stimulus will have a lasting positive effect or whether it will contribute to higher inflation or other economic ill effects is unknown. 
 22 

To the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this report. 
 
 Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and changes of or significant increases in banking or other laws and regulations or governmental fiscal or monetary policies could adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. In addition, as a publicly-traded company, we are subject to regulation by the SEC and NASDAQ. Any change in applicable regulations or federal or state legislation or in policies or interpretations or regulatory approaches to compliance and enforcement, income tax laws and accounting principles could have a substantial impact on us and our operations. Changes in laws and regulations may also increase our expenses by imposing additional fees or taxes or restrictions on our operations. Significant changes in SEC regulations, such as the proposed climate change disclosures and other regulatory initiatives, can dramatically shift resources and costs to ensure adequate compliance. Additional legislation and regulations that could significantly affect our authority and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Failure to appropriately comply with any such laws, regulations or principles could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies or damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act has had a substantial impact on our industry, including the creation of the CFPB with broad powers to regulate consumer financial products such as credit cards and mortgages, the creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council comprised of the heads of other regulatory agencies, has resulted in new capital requirements from federal banking agencies, placed new limits on electronic debit card interchange fees, and requires banking regulators, the SEC and national stock exchanges to adopt significant new corporate governance and executive compensation reforms. Regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy practices that they deem to be unsafe or unsound, or violations of laws or regulations by financial institutions and holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of regulatory authority may have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our business is affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies, including the FRB. 
 
 We cannot accurately predict the full effects of recent or future legislation or the various other governmental, regulatory, monetary and fiscal initiatives which have been and may be enacted on the financial markets and on the Company. The terms and costs of these activities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Changes in the FRB s monetary or fiscal policies could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our earnings will be affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The FRB has, and is likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of depository institutions through its power to implement national monetary policy, among other things, in order to curb inflation or combat a recession. The FRB affects the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its control over the issuance of United States government securities, its regulation of the discount rate applicable to member banks and its influence over reserve requirements to which member banks are subject. The FRB raised the federal funds rate target to 4.50 -4.75 in February 2023 and also indicated that due to continuing rising inflation it expects to continue raise interest rates in the near term. While we expect the FRB to raise short-term interest rates in the first half 2023, we cannot predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. 
 
 23 

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Truth-in-Lending Act or other laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions or other adverse consequences. 
 Financial institutions are required under the USA PATRIOT Act and Bank Secrecy Act to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money-laundering and terrorist activities. Financial institutions are also obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the United States Treasury Department s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network if such activities are detected. These rules also require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure or the inability to comply with these regulations could result in fines or penalties, intervention or sanctions by regulators, and costly litigation or expensive additional controls and systems. In recent years, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and regulations. In addition, the federal government has in place laws and regulations relating to residential and consumer lending, as well as other activities with customers, that create significant compliance burdens and financial risks. We have developed policies and continue to augment procedures and systems designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations; however, it is possible for such safeguards to fail or prove deficient during the implementation phase to avoid non-compliance with such laws. 
 Deposit insurance premiums could increase further in the future. 
 
 The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured financial institutions, including the Bank. The FDIC charges insured financial institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF") at a specific level. Historically, unfavorable economic conditions increased bank failures and these additional failures decreased the DIF. In order to restore the DIF to its statutorily mandated minimums the FDIC significantly increased deposit insurance premium rates, including the Bank's. FDIC insurance premiums could increase in the future in response to similar declining economic conditions. More recently, extraordinary growth in insured deposits caused the ratio of the DIF to total insured deposits to fall below the current statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC has also established a higher reserve ratio of 2 as a long term goal and the minimum level needed to withstand future financial crises of the magnitude of past crises. The FDIC may increase the assessment rates or impose additional special assessments in the future to restore and then steadily increase the DIF to these statutory target levels. Any increase in the Bank's FDIC premiums could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Accounting, Tax and Financial Risks 
 Changes in income tax laws and interpretations, or in accounting standards, could materially affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Further changes in income tax laws could be enacted, or interpretations of existing income tax laws could change, causing an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Similarly, our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets, liabilities, and financial results. Periodically, new accounting standards are issued or existing standards are revised, changing the methods for preparing our financial statements. These changes are not within our control and may significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The replacement of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Certain loans made by us are made at variable rates that use LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. In addition, we also have investments and interest rate derivatives that reference LIBOR. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced that it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. On November 30, 2020 to facilitate an orderly LIBOR transition the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve jointly announced that entering into new contracts using LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021 would create a safety and soundness risk. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR, and immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. In the United States, efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates are ongoing, and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ("ARRC") has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate ("SOFR"). SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward looking secured rate rather than a forward looking unsecured rate. These differences could lead to a greater disconnect between the Bank's costs to raise funds for SOFR as compared to LIBOR. For cash products and loans, the ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce 
 24 

differences between SOFR and LIBOR. To further reduce differences between replacement indices and substitute indices market practitioners have also gravitated towards credit sensitive rates, the leading among them being the Bloomberg Short-term Bank Yield Index BSBY ). The ARRC announced on October 21, 2020 that they are not well positioned to adjudicate the development of a credit sensitive rate and will not criticize firms solely for using reference rates other than SOFR, such as BSBY. 
 
 The Company has the ability to originate new loans to customers based on SOFR, Term SOFR, BSBY, Prime and other indices but market acceptance or availability of these or other alternate reference rates remain uncertain. The implementation of a substitute index or indices for the calculation of interest rates under our loan agreements with our borrowers may incur significant expenses in effecting the transition, may result in reduced loan balances if borrowers do not accept the substitute index or indices, and may result in disputes or litigation with customers over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute index or indices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. These reforms may cause LIBOR to cease to exist, new methods of calculating LIBOR to be established or the establishment of multiple alternative reference rate(s). These consequences cannot be entirely predicted and could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us . Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. 
 
 Stock Ownership Risk Factors 
 
 Our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our shares, or to repay our indebtedness depends upon liquid assets held by the Company and the results of operations of our subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends. 
 
 The Company is a separate legal entity from our subsidiaries and does not have significant operations of its own. The availability of dividends from the Bank is limited by the Bank's earnings and capital, as well as various statutes and regulations. Our inability to receive dividends from the Bank could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our net income depends primarily upon the Bank s net interest income, which is the income that remains after deducting from total income generated by earning assets the expense attributable to the acquisition of the funds required to support earning assets (primarily interest paid on deposits and borrowings). The amount of interest income is dependent on many factors including the volume of earning assets, the general level of interest rates, the dynamics of changes in interest rates and the levels of nonperforming loans. All of those factors affect the Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company. 
 
 Various statutory provisions restrict the amount of dividends the Bank can pay to us without regulatory approval. Under Alaska law, a bank may not declare or pay a dividend in an amount greater than its net undivided profits then on hand. In addition, the Bank may not pay cash dividends if that payment could reduce the amount of its capital below that necessary to meet the adequately capitalized level in accordance with regulatory capital requirements. It is also possible that, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank and other factors, regulatory authorities could conclude that payment of dividends or other payments, including payments to us, is an unsafe or unsound practice and impose restrictions or prohibit such payments. It is the policy of the FRB that bank holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of net income available over the past year and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s current and expected future capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The policy provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines a bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. If the Bank earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, then our liquidity may be affected and our stock price may be negatively affected by our inability to pay dividends, which will have an adverse impact on both the Company and our shareholders. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to repurchase stock. 
 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased 333,724 shares of common stock at an average price of 42.42 per share under its previously announced share repurchase program. On January 27, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 285,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 Whether we continue, and the amount and timing of such stock repurchases is subject to capital availability and periodic determinations by our Board. The Company continues to evaluate the potential impact that regulatory proposals may have on our liquidity and capital management strategies, including Basel III and those required under the Dodd-Frank Act. The actual amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will depend on market and economic conditions, applicable SEC 
 25 

rules, federal and state regulatory restrictions, and various other factors. In addition, the amount we spend and the number of shares we are able to repurchase under our stock repurchase program may further be affected by a number of other factors, including the stock price and blackout periods in which we are restricted from repurchasing shares. Our stock repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to repurchase stock in any particular amounts or at all. A reduction in or elimination of our stock repurchases could have a negative effect on our stock price. 
 
 The market price for our common stock may be volatile. 
 
 The market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in the future in response to a number of factors, including those discussed below. The market price of our common stock has in the past fluctuated significantly. We expect to see additional volatility in the financial markets due to the uncertainty caused by the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, disruption in global supply chains, uncertainty over the U.S. government debt ceiling and changing FRB policy. Some additional factors that may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 
 
 general conditions in the financial markets and real estate markets. 
 macro-economic and political conditions in the U. S. and the financial markets generally (including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
 variations in the operating results of the Company and our competitors. 
 events affecting other companies that the market deems comparable to the Company. 
 changes in securities analysts' estimates of our future performance and the future performance of our competitors. 
 announcements by the Company or our competitors of mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships. 
 additions or departure of key personnel. 
 the presence or absence of short selling of our common stock. 
 future sales or other issuances by us of our common stock. 
 
 The stock markets in general have experienced substantial price and trading fluctuations. These fluctuations have resulted in volatility in the market prices of securities that often has been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in operating performance. These broad market fluctuations are expected to continue for the near future, and may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 There may be future sales or other dilution of the Company's equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock . 
 
 We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of common stock, preferred stock, or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock or preferred stock. Our Board of Directors has the power, without shareholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes or series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, and preferences over the common stock with respect to dividends or upon our dissolution, winding up and liquidation and other terms. 
 
 The issuance of any additional shares of common or of preferred stock or convertible securities or the exercise of such securities could be substantially dilutive to existing shareholders. We may also elect to use common stock to fund future acquisitions, which will dilute existing shareholders. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in dilution to our shareholders. 
 
 The Company s business or the value of its common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by activist shareholders. 
 
 The Company values constructive input from shareholders, and our Board of Directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all of the Company s shareholders. Activist shareholders who disagree with the composition of the Board of Directors, the Company s strategic direction, or the way the Company is managed may seek to effect change through various strategies that range from private engagement to public filings, proxy contests, efforts to force transactions not supported by the Board of Directors, and litigation. Responding to some of these actions can be costly and time-consuming, may disrupt the Company s operations and divert the attention of the Board of Directors and management. Such activities could interfere with the Company s ability to execute its strategic plan and to attract and retain qualified executive leadership. The perceived uncertainty as to the Company s future direction resulting from activist strategies could also affect the market price and volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 
 26 

General Risk Factors 
 
 Natural disasters and adverse weather could negatively affect real estate property values and Bank operations. 
 Real estate and real estate property values play an important role for the Bank in several ways. The Bank owns or leases many real estate properties in connection with its operations, located in Anchorage, Juneau, Fairbanks, the Matanuska-Susitna Valley, Kodiak, Ketchikan, Sitka, and the Kenai Peninsula. Real estate is also utilized as collateral for many of our loans. A natural disaster could cause property values to fall, which could require the Bank to record an impairment on its financial statements. A natural disaster could also impact collateral values, which would increase our exposure to loan defaults. Our business operations could also suffer to the extent the Bank cannot utilize its branch network due to a natural disaster or other weather-related damage. 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure. There can be no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The financial services business is intensely competitive and our success will depend on our ability to compete effectively. 
 The financial services business in our market areas is highly competitive. It is becoming increasingly competitive due to changes in regulation, technological advances, and the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial services providers. We face competition both in attracting deposits and in originating loans. We compete for loans principally through the pricing of interest rates and loan fees and the efficiency and quality of services. Increasing levels of competition in the banking and financial services industries may reduce our market share or cause the prices charged for our services to fall. Improvements in technology, communications, and the internet have intensified competition. As a result, our competitive position could be weakened, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so could materially adversely affect our performance. 
 We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected, by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, and other circumstances beyond our control could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by social, political, and economic instability, unrest, or disruption in a geographic region in which we operate, regardless of cause, including legal, regulatory, and policy changes by a new presidential administration in the U.S., protests, demonstrations, strikes, riots, civil disturbance, disobedience, insurrection, or social and other political unrest. 
 
 Such events may result in restrictions, curfews, or other actions and give rise to significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles, which may adversely affect our financial condition and operations. Government actions in an effort to protect people and property, including curfews and restrictions on business operations, may disrupt operations, harm perceptions of personal well-being, and increase the need for additional expenditures on security resources. In addition, action resulting from such social or political unrest may pose significant risks to our personnel, facilities, and operations. The effect and duration of demonstrations, protests, or other factors is uncertain, and we cannot ensure there will not be further political or social unrest in the future or that there will not be other events that could lead to social, political, and economic 
 27 

disruptions. If such events or disruptions persist for a prolonged period of time, our overall business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in federal policy, including tax policies, and at regulatory agencies occur over time through policy and personnel changes following elections, which lead to changes involving the level of oversight and focus on certain industries and corporate entities. The nature, timing, and economic and political effects of potential changes to the current legal and regulatory frameworks affecting the financial services industry remain highly uncertain. 
 
 Climate change, severe weather, natural disasters, and other external events could significantly impact our business. 
 Severe weather events of increasing strength and frequency due to climate change cannot be predicted and may be exacerbated by global climate change, natural disasters, including volcanic eruptions and earthquakes, and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business or upon third parties who perform operational services for us. In addition, there is continuing uncertainty over demand for oil and gas in part due to consumer demand and regulatory changes from climate change related policies. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in lost revenue, or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, there can be no assurance of the effectiveness of such policies and procedures, and the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 28 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following sets forth information about our Community Banking branch locations: 
 Locations Type Leased/Owned Midtown Financial Center: Northrim Headquarters 
 3111 C Street, Anchorage, AK 
 Traditional Land partially leased, partially owned, building owned SouthSide Financial Center 8730 Old Seward Highway, Anchorage, AK Traditional Land leased, building owned Lake Otis Community Branch 2270 East 37th Avenue, Anchorage, AK Traditional Land leased, building owned Huffman Branch 1501 East Huffman Road, Anchorage, AK In-store Leased Jewel Lake Branch 4000 W. Dimond Boulevard, Suite No. 02, Anchorage, AK Traditional Leased Seventh Avenue Branch 517 West Seventh Avenue, Suite 300, Anchorage, AK Traditional Leased Eastside Community Branch 7905 Creekside Center Drive, Suite 100, Anchorage, AK Traditional Leased West Anchorage Branch 2709 Spenard Road, Anchorage, AK Traditional Owned Eagle River Branch 12812 Old Glenn Highway, Suite C03, Eagle River, AK Traditional Leased Fairbanks West Community Branch 3637 Airport Way, Suite 110, Fairbanks, AK Traditional Leased Fairbanks Financial Center 360 Merhar Avenue, Fairbanks, AK Traditional Owned Wasilla Financial Center 850 E. USA Circle, Suite A, Wasilla, AK Traditional Owned Soldotna Financial Center 44384 Sterling Highway, Suite 101, Soldotna, AK Traditional Leased Juneau Financial Center 2094 Jordan Avenue, Juneau, AK Traditional Leased Juneau Downtown Branch 301 North Franklin Street, Juneau, AK Traditional Leased Sitka Financial Center 315 Lincoln Street, Suite 206, Sitka, AK Traditional Leased Ketchikan Financial Center 2491 Tongass Avenue, Ketchikan, AK Traditional Owned Nome Branch 110 Front Street, Suite 100, Nome, AK Traditional Leased Kodiak Loan Production Office 2011 Mill Bay Road, #1, Kodiak, AK Loan Production Leased 
 29 

The following sets forth information about our Home Mortgage Lending branch locations, operated by RML: 
 Locations Leased/Owned Main Office at Calais 100 Calais Drive, Anchorage, AK Leased ReMax/Dynamic Office 3350 Midtown Place, Suite 101, Anchorage, AK Leased Eagle River Office 12812 Old Glenn Highway, Suite C-4, Eagle River, AK Leased Fairbanks Office 324 Old Steese Highway, Suite 7, Fairbanks, AK Leased Juneau Office 8800 Glacier Highway, #232, Juneau, AK Leased Kodiak Office 2011 Mill Bay Road, #1, Kodiak, AK Leased Soldotna Office 44384 Sterling Highway, Suite 102, Soldotna, AK Leased Wasilla Northrim Branch 850 E USA Circle, Suite B, Wasilla, AK Leased 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company from time to time may be involved with disputes, claims and litigation related to the conduct of its banking business. Management does not expect that the resolution of these matters will have a material effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the symbol, NRIM. At March 6, 2023, the number of shareholders of record of our common stock was 212. As many of our shares of common stock are held of record in "street name" by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders of our common stock represented by these record holders. 
 Repurchase of Securities 
 At December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for repurchase under the previously announced stock repurchase program. The Company repurchased 333,724 shares in 2022 and 279,276 shares in 2021. The Company did not repurchase any shares during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. On January 27, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 285,000 shares of common stock. The Company intends to continue to repurchase its stock from time to time depending upon market conditions, but we can make no assurances that we will continue this program. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity plans as of December 31, 2022. Additional information regarding the Company s equity plans is presented in Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1 
 158,697 25.91 166,318 Total 158,697 25.91 166,318 1 Consists of the Company's 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, which replaced the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2017 Plan") 

We do not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our shareholders. 
 31 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph shown below depicts the total return to shareholders during the period beginning after December 31, 2017, and ending December 31, 2022. The definition of total return includes appreciation in market value of the stock, as well as the actual cash and stock dividends paid to shareholders. The comparable indices utilized are the Russell 3000 Index, representing approximately 98 of the U.S. equity market, and the S P U.S. Small Cap Banks Index, comprised of publicly traded banks with a market capitalization between 750 million to 3.3 billion, which are located in the United States. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in the Company s common stock and each of the two indices was 100 on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 100.00 99.74 120.28 111.65 147.9 193.35 Russell 3000 100.00 94.76 124.15 150.08 188.6 152.37 S P U.S. SmallCap Banks 100.00 83.44 104.69 95.08 132.36 116.69 
 
 32 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We have prepared this Management's Discussion and Analysis as an aid to understanding our financial results. It highlights key information as determined by management but may not contain all of the information that is important to you. It should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II. Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those indicated in forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Net income decreased 18 to 30.7 million or 5.27 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 37.5 million, or 6.00 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income is primarily the result of a 11.2 million decrease in net income in the Home Mortgage Lending segment, which was only partially offset by an 4.5 million increase in net income in the Community Banking segment. 
 
 Highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Net income in the Home Mortgage Lending segment decreased 109 , or 11.2 million, to a loss of 897,000 in 2022 from 10.3 million in 2021 driven by a decrease in production volume to 585.5 million in 2022 from 1.118 billion in 2021 largely due to the significant increase in interest rates in 2022. 
 Net income in the Community Banking segment increased 16 or 4.5 million, to 31.6 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. This increase was primarily the result of the following: 
 Net interest income increased 14.8 million to 92.9 million in 2022 from 78.1 million in 2021 despite a decrease of 10.7 million in PPP interest and fee income primarily due to the increase in interest rates in 2022, and due to growth in core loans (excluding PPP loans) and higher average balances in long-term investments and interest-bearing deposits in other banks. 
 The provision for credit losses increased in 2022 to a provision of 1.8 million from a benefit of 4.1 million in 2021. In 2022, the provision for credit losses included a provision for growth in both unguaranteed loan balances and unfunded commitments, and a provision for a slight increase in projected loss rates. These increases were only partially offset by net recoveries for the year. In 2021, there was a reversal of the provision for credit losses due to a decrease in projected loss rates that was only partially offset by growth in unguaranteed loan and unfunded commitment balances and net charge offs for the year. 
 The net interest margin increased to 3.85 in 2022 from 3.58 in 2021 mostly due to an increase in average yields on interest earning assets to 4.06 in 2022 compared to 3.74 in 2021 as a result of higher interest rates. 
 In 2020 and 2021, Northrim funded approximately 5,800 PPP loans totaling approximately 612.6 million to both existing and new customers. Management estimates that Northrim funded approximately 24 of the number and 32 of the value of all Alaska PPP second round loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Northrim's PPP efforts have resulted in approximately 2,300 new customers totaling 135.9 million in new deposit balances and contributed to the growth in core portfolio loans. 
 
 33 

The Company implemented assistance to help its customers experiencing financial challenges as a result of COVID-19. The total outstanding principal balance of loan modifications due to the impacts of COVID-19 as of December 31, 2022 was 1.0 million, down from 8.4 million as of September 30, 2022 and 49.2 million as of December 31, 2021. The 1.0 million of remaining COVID-19 loan accommodations are scheduled to return to normal principal and interest payments in the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 Nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees, decreased to 6.4 million at the end of 2022 compared to 10.7 million at the end of 2021, while total adversely classified loans, net of government guarantees at December 31, 2022 decreased to 7.6 million from 13.7 million at December 31, 2021. The Allowance for Credit Losses ("ACL") totaled 0.92 of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.83 at December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily due to a decrease in government loan guarantees resulting from a decrease in PPP loans as a percentage of the Company's loan portfolio. The ACL as a percentage of total portfolio loans, net of government guarantees was 0.99 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.93 at December 31, 2021. 
 The aggregate cash dividends paid by the Company in 2022 rose 13 to 10.6 million from 9.4 million paid in 2021. 
 The Company repurchased 333,724 shares of its common stock in 2022 at an average price of 42.42 per share. 
 Total shareholders' equity was 218.6 million as of December 31, 2022, up 4 from the preceding quarter, and down 8 from 237.8 million a year ago. Shareholders' equity was negatively impacted by the fair value of the available for sales securities portfolio which decreased 27.4 million in 2022 and, to a lesser extent the share repurchases totaling 14.2 million. The Company continued to maintain strong regulatory capital ratios with Tier 1 Capital to Risk Adjusted Assets of 12.81 at December 31, 2022. 

34 

Trends in Miscellaneous Financial Data (1) 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data and shares outstanding amounts) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Five Year Compound Growth Rate (Unaudited) Net interest income 95,115 80,827 70,665 64,442 61,208 57,678 11 Provision (benefit) for credit losses 1,846 (4,099) 2,432 (1,175) (500) 3,200 (10) Other operating income 34,077 52,263 63,328 37,346 32,167 40,474 (3) Compensation expense, RML acquisition payments 468 130 (100) Other operating expense 88,852 89,196 89,114 76,370 69,800 71,023 5 Income before provision for income taxes 38,494 47,993 42,447 26,125 24,075 23,799 10 Provision for income taxes 7,753 10,476 9,559 5,434 4,071 10,321 (6) Net Income 30,741 37,517 32,888 20,691 20,004 13,478 18 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 327 (100) Net income attributable to Northrim Bancorp, Inc. 30,741 37,517 32,888 20,691 20,004 13,151 19 Year End Balance Sheet Assets 2,674,318 2,724,719 2,121,798 1,643,996 1,502,988 1,518,596 12 Loans 1,501,785 1,413,886 1,444,050 1,043,371 984,346 954,953 9 Deposits 2,387,211 2,421,631 1,824,981 1,372,351 1,228,088 1,258,283 14 Shareholders' equity 218,629 237,817 221,575 207,117 205,947 192,802 3 Common shares outstanding 5,700,728 6,014,813 6,251,004 6,558,809 6,883,216 6,871,963 (4) Average Balance Sheet Assets 2,641,008 2,432,599 1,936,047 1,555,707 1,493,385 1,511,052 12 Earning assets 2,469,383 2,260,778 1,758,839 1,386,557 1,346,449 1,367,203 13 Loans 1,415,125 1,478,318 1,339,908 1,010,098 971,548 981,001 8 Deposits 2,354,881 2,125,080 1,638,216 1,276,407 1,227,272 1,248,333 14 Shareholders' equity 224,773 239,214 211,721 208,602 201,022 193,129 3 Basic common shares outstanding 5,765,088 6,180,801 6,354,687 6,708,622 6,877,573 6,889,621 (4) Diluted common shares outstanding 5,829,412 6,249,313 6,431,367 6,808,209 6,981,557 6,977,910 (4) Per Common Share Data Basic earnings 5.33 6.07 5.18 3.08 2.91 1.91 23 Diluted earnings 5.27 6.00 5.11 3.04 2.86 1.88 23 Book value per share 38.35 39.54 35.45 31.58 29.92 28.06 6 Tangible book value per share (2) 
 35.55 36.88 32.88 29.12 27.57 25.70 7 Cash dividends per share 1.82 1.50 1.38 1.26 1.02 0.86 16 
 35 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Five Year Compound Growth Rate (Unaudited) Performance Ratios Return on average assets 1.16 1.54 1.70 1.33 1.34 0.87 6 Return on average equity 13.68 15.68 15.53 9.92 9.95 6.81 15 Equity/assets 8.18 8.73 10.44 12.60 13.70 12.70 (8) Tangible common equity/tangible assets (3) 
 7.62 8.19 9.76 11.73 12.76 11.75 (8) Net interest margin 3.85 3.58 4.02 4.65 4.55 4.22 (2) Net interest margin (tax equivalent) (4) 
 3.89 3.60 4.05 4.70 4.60 4.28 (2) Non-interest income/total revenue 26.38 39.27 47.26 36.69 34.45 41.24 (9) Efficiency ratio (5) 
 68.76 66.99 66.47 75.43 74.68 72.39 (1) Dividend payout ratio 34.17 25.02 26.66 40.79 35.08 45.44 (6) Asset Quality Nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees 6,430 10,672 10,048 13,951 14,694 21,411 (21) Nonperforming assets, net of government guarantees 6,430 15,031 16,289 19,946 22,619 28,729 (26) Nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees/portfolio loans 0.43 0.75 0.70 1.34 1.49 2.24 (28) Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans (0.08) 0.07 0.03 (0.07) 0.15 0.15 NM Allowance for credit losses/portfolio loans 0.92 0.83 1.46 1.83 1.98 2.25 (16) Nonperforming assets, net of government guarantees/assets 0.24 0.55 0.77 1.21 1.50 1.89 (34) Other Data Effective tax rate (6) 
 20 22 23 21 17 43 (14) Number of banking offices (7) 
 19 18 17 16 16 14 6 Number of employees (FTE) (8) 
 469 451 438 431 430 429 2 
 1 These unaudited schedules provide selected financial information concerning the Company that should be read in conjunction with Part II Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. 
 
 2 Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP ratio defined as shareholders equity, less intangible assets, divided by common shares outstanding. Management believes that tangible book value is a useful measurement of the value of the Company s equity because it excludes the effect of intangible assets on the Company s equity. See reconciliation to book value per share, the most comparable GAAP measurement below. 
 3 Tangible common equity to tangible assets is a non-GAAP ratio that represents total equity less goodwill and intangible assets divided by total assets less goodwill and intangible assets. Management believes this ratio is important as it has received more attention over the past several years from stock analysts and regulators. The most comparable GAAP measure of shareholders' equity to total assets is calculated by dividing total shareholders' equity by total assets. See reconciliation to shareholders' equity to total assets below. 
 
 4 Tax-equivalent net interest margin is a non-GAAP performance measurement in which interest income on non-taxable investments and loans is presented on a tax-equivalent basis using a combined federal and state statutory rate of 28.43 in 2018 through 2022 and 41.11 in 2017. Management believes that tax-equivalent net interest margin is a useful financial measure because it enables investors to evaluate net interest margin excluding tax expense in order to monitor our effectiveness in growing higher interest yielding assets and managing our costs of 
 36 

interest bearing liabilities over time on a fully tax equivalent basis. See reconciliation to net interest margin, the comparable GAAP measurement below. 
 5 In managing our business, we review the efficiency ratio exclusive of intangible asset amortization, which is a non-GAAP performance measurement. Management believes that this is a useful financial measurement because we believe this presentation provides investors with a more accurate picture of our operating efficiency. The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing other operating expense, exclusive of intangible asset amortization, by the sum of net interest income and other operating income. Other companies may define or calculate this data differently. For additional information see the "Other Operating Expense" section in Part II. Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. See reconciliation to comparable GAAP measurement below. 
 6 The Company s 2017 results included the impact of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was signed into law on December 22, 2017. The law includes significant changes to the U.S. corporate tax system, including a Federal corporate rate reduction from 35 to 21 . In 2017, the Company applied the newly enacted corporate federal income tax rate of 21 , reducing the value of the Company's net deferred tax asset, resulting in approximately a 2.7 million increase in tax expense. In 2018, the Company finalized changes related to the reduction in the federal tax rate which resulted in a 470,000 reduction in tax expense. 
 7 Number of banking offices does not include RML locations. 2022 number of banking offices includes 18 full service branches and 1 loan production office. 2021 number of banking offices includes 17 full service branches and 1 loan production office. 2020 number of banking offices includes 16 full service branches and 1 loan production office. 2018 number of banking offices includes 15 full service branches and 1 loan production office. 
 8 FTE includes 336, 321, 312, 311, 320, and 314 Community Banking employees in 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. FTE includes 133, 130, 126, 120, 110, and 115 Home Mortgage Lending employees in 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 Reconciliation of Selected Non-GAAP Financial Data to GAAP Financial Measures 
 These unaudited schedules provide selected financial information concerning the Company that should be read in conjunction with "Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. 
 37 

Reconciliation of total shareholders' equity to tangible common shareholders equity (Non-GAAP) and total assets to tangible assets: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Total shareholders' equity 218,629 237,817 221,575 207,117 205,947 192,802 Total assets 2,674,318 2,724,719 2,121,798 1,643,996 1,502,988 1,518,596 Total shareholders' equity to total assets ratio 8.18 8.73 10.44 12.60 13.70 12.70 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Total shareholders' equity 218,629 237,817 221,575 207,117 205,947 192,802 Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net 15,984 16,009 16,046 16,094 16,154 16,224 Tangible common shareholders' equity 202,645 221,808 205,529 191,023 189,793 176,578 Total assets 2,674,318 2,724,719 2,121,798 1,643,996 1,502,988 1,518,596 Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net 15,984 16,009 16,046 16,094 16,154 16,224 Tangible assets 2,658,334 2,708,710 2,105,752 1,627,902 1,486,834 1,502,372 Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio 7.62 8.19 9.76 11.73 12.76 11.75 
 Reconciliation of tangible book value per share (Non-GAAP) to book value per share 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Total shareholders' equity 218,629 237,817 221,575 207,117 205,947 192,802 Divided by common shares outstanding 5,700,728 6,014,813 6,251,004 6,558,809 6,883,216 6,871,963 Book value per share 38.35 39.54 35.45 31.58 29.92 28.06 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Total shareholders' equity 218,629 237,817 221,575 207,117 205,947 192,802 Less: goodwill and intangible assets, net 15,984 16,009 16,046 16,094 16,154 16,224 Tangible book value 202,645 221,808 205,529 191,023 189,793 176,578 Divided by common shares outstanding 5,700,728 6,014,813 6,251,004 6,558,809 6,883,216 6,871,963 Tangible book value per share 35.55 36.88 32.88 29.12 27.57 25.70 
 
 38 

Reconciliation of tax-equivalent net interest margin (Non-GAAP) to net interest margin 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net interest income (9) 
 95,115 80,827 70,665 64,442 61,208 57,678 Divided by average interest-bearing assets 2,469,383 2,260,778 1,758,839 1,386,557 1,346,449 1,367,203 Net interest margin 3.85 3.58 4.02 4.65 4.55 4.22 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net interest income (9) 
 95,115 80,827 70,665 64,442 61,208 57,678 Plus: reduction in tax expense related to tax-exempt interest income 939 489 613 722 726 872 96,054 81,316 71,278 65,164 61,934 58,550 Divided by average interest-bearing assets 2,469,383 2,260,778 1,758,839 1,386,557 1,346,449 1,367,203 Tax-equivalent net interest margin 3.89 3.60 4.05 4.70 4.60 4.28 
 
 Calculation of efficiency ratio 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Net interest income (9) 
 95,115 80,827 70,665 64,442 61,208 57,678 Other operating income 34,077 52,263 63,328 37,346 32,167 40,474 Total revenue 129,192 133,090 133,993 101,788 93,375 98,152 Other operating expense 88,852 89,196 89,114 76,838 69,800 71,153 Less intangible asset amortization 25 37 48 60 70 100 Adjusted other operating expense 88,827 89,159 89,066 76,778 69,730 71,053 Efficiency ratio 68.76 66.99 66.47 75.43 74.68 72.39 
 
 9 Amount represents net interest income before provision for loan losses. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not audited. Although we believe these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by stakeholders in the evaluation of the Company, they have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of results as reported under GAAP. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Income Statement 
 Net Income 
 Our results of operations are dependent to a large degree on our net interest income. We also generate other income primarily through mortgage banking income, purchased receivables products, service charges and fees, and bankcard fees. Our operating expenses consist in large part of salaries and other personnel costs, data processing, occupancy, marketing, and professional services expenses. Interest income and cost of funds, or interest expense, and mortgage banking income are affected significantly by general economic conditions, particularly changes in market interest rates, by government policies and the actions of regulatory authorities, and by competition in our markets. 
 We earned net income of 30.7 million in 2022, compared to net income of 37.5 million in 2021. During these periods, net income per diluted share was 5.27 and 6.00, respectively. The following sections present discussion of the components that make up net income. 
 39 

Net Interest Income / Net Interest Margin 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income from loan and investment securities portfolios and interest expense on customer deposits and borrowings. Changes in net interest income result from changes in volume and spread, which in turn affect our margin. For this purpose, volume refers to the average dollar level of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, spread refers to the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and margin refers to net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Changes in net interest income are influenced by yields and the level and relative mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Net interest income in 2022 was 95.1 million, compared to 80.8 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily the result of increased interest on core loans (excluding PPP loans), investments, and interest bearing deposits in other banks which was only partially offset by a decrease in loan interest and fee income from PPP loans. Interest income on PPP loans was 405,000 and 2.9 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan fee income on PPP loans was 4.3 million and 12.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan fee income on PPP loans is largely made up of fees fully recognized upon loan forgiveness from the SBA. Loan fee income decreased due to decreased recognition of the deferred PPP loan fees upon forgiveness through the SBA in 2022 compared to 2021. Interest income on core loans increased 26.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to an increase in interest rates and higher net average interest-earning asset balances. Interest expense increased 1.4 million as a result of higher interest rates and average higher interest-bearing deposit balances. During 2022 and 2021, net interest margins were 3.85 and 3.58 , respectively. The increase in net interest margin in 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily the result of higher yields on earning-assets and higher average core portfolio loan balances and long-term and short-term investment balances. 
 
 40 

The following table sets forth for the periods indicated information with regard to average balances of assets and liabilities, as well as the total dollar amounts of interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Average yields or costs, net interest income, and net interest margin are also presented. Average yields or costs are not calculated on a tax-equivalent basis: 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average outstanding balance Interest income / expense Average Yield / Cost Average outstanding balance Interest income / expense Average Yield / Cost Average outstanding balance Interest income / expense Average Yield / Cost (In Thousands) Loans (1),(2) 
 1,415,125 80,549 5.69 1,478,318 76,392 5.17 1,339,908 67,876 5.07 Loans held for sale 51,537 2,236 4.34 101,752 2,849 2.80 105,287 3,215 3.05 Taxable long-term investments (3) 
 617,972 11,860 1.92 368,319 4,900 1.33 245,148 5,234 2.14 Non-taxable long-term investments (3) 
 810 18 2.22 853 18 2.11 2,236 82 3.67 Interest-bearing deposits in other banks (4) 
 383,939 5,665 1.48 311,536 447 0.14 66,260 309 0.47 Total interest-earning assets (5) 
 2,469,383 100,328 4.06 2,260,778 84,606 3.74 1,758,839 76,716 4.36 Noninterest-earning assets 171,625 171,821 177,208 Total 2,641,008 2,432,599 1,936,047 Interest-bearing demand 701,679 2,091 0.30 575,298 484 0.08 387,417 622 0.16 Savings deposits 344,349 563 0.16 323,131 499 0.15 257,292 717 0.28 Money market deposits 318,375 785 0.25 264,344 418 0.16 219,024 708 0.32 Time deposits 169,931 1,046 0.62 178,215 1,676 0.94 176,873 3,232 1.83 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,534,334 4,485 0.29 1,340,988 3,077 0.23 1,040,606 5,279 0.51 Borrowings 24,623 728 2.96 24,993 702 2.81 35,918 772 2.15 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,558,957 5,213 0.33 1,365,981 3,779 0.28 1,076,524 6,051 0.56 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 820,547 784,092 597,610 Other liabilities 36,731 43,312 50,192 Equity 224,773 239,214 211,721 Total 2,641,008 2,432,599 1,936,047 Net interest income 95,115 80,827 70,665 Net interest margin 3.85 3.58 4.02 Average portfolio loans to average-earnings assets 57.31 65.39 76.18 Average portfolio loans to average total deposits 60.09 69.57 81.79 Average non-interest deposits to average total deposits 34.84 36.90 36.48 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 158.40 165.51 163.38 
 1 Interest income includes loan fees. Loan fees recognized during the period and included in the yield calculation totaled 8.5 million, 16.2 million and 8.9 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2 Nonaccrual loans are included with a zero effective yield. Average nonaccrual loans included in the computation of the average loans were 8.6 million, 12.3 million, and 13.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 3 Consists of investment securities available for sale, investment securities held to maturity, marketable equity securities, and investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock. Taxable long-term investments consist of U.S. treasury and government sponsored entities, corporate bonds, collateral loan obligations, marketable equity securities, and Federal Home Loan Bank stock. Non-taxable long-term investments consist of municipal securities. 
 4 Consists of interest bearing deposits in other banks and domestic CDs. 
 5 The Company does not have any fed funds sold or securities purchased with agreements to resell to disclose as part of its total interest-earning assets in the periods presented. 

41 

The following table sets forth the changes in consolidated net interest income attributable to changes in volume and to changes in interest rates. Changes attributable to the combined effect of volume and interest rate have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to interest rate: 
 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 Increase (decrease) due to Increase (decrease) due to (In Thousands) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Interest Income: Loans 3,363) 7,520 4,157 7,186 1,330 8,516 Loans held for sale (1,772) 1,159 (613) (105) (261) (366) Taxable long-term investments 4,210 2,750 6,960 2,064 (2,398) (334) Non-taxable long-term investments (1) 1 (38) (26) (64) Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 128 5,090 5,218 170 (32) 138 Total interest income 798) 16,520 15,722 9,277 1,387) 7,890 Interest Expense: Interest-bearing demand 80 1,527 1,607 229 367) 138) Savings deposits 50 14 64 154 (372) (218) Money market deposits 58 309 367 125 (415) (290) Time deposits (75) (555) (630) 25 (1,581) (1,556) Interest-bearing deposits 309 1,099 1,408 1,236 (3,438) (2,202) Borrowings (10) 36 26 29 (99) (70) Total interest expense 299 1,135 1,434 1,265 3,537) 2,272) 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021. The provision for credit loss expense is the amount of expense that, based on our judgment, is required to maintain the ACL at an appropriate level under the current expected credit loss methodology ("CECL"). The determination of the amount of the ACL is complex and involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. Refer to Note 1 of the notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for detailed discussion regarding ACL methodologies for loans, available for sale debt securities, held to maturity securities, loans held for investment, unfunded commitments, and purchased receivables. 
 The following table presents the major categories of credit loss expense for the periods presented: 
 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Credit loss expense on loans held for investment 972 3,779) Credit loss expense on unfunded commitments 874 (320) Credit loss expense on available for sale debt securities Credit loss expense on held to maturity securities Credit loss expense on purchased receivables Total credit loss expense 1,846 4,099) 
 
 As noted above, the provision for credit losses was recorded in accordance with CECL in 2022 and 2021. In general the increase in the provision for credit losses in 2022 as compared to 2021 is primarily the result of increased portfolio loan and unfunded commitment balances, and, to a lesser extent, an increase in projected loss rates. In 2021, there was a reversal of the provision primarily due to a decrease in projected loss rates following the uncertainty of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and the first half of 2021. The ongoing impacts of the CECL methodology will be dependent upon changes in economic conditions and forecasts, as well as loan portfolio composition, quality, and duration. 
 
 42 

See the Loans and Lending Activity section under Financial Condition and Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for further discussion of these decreases and changes in the Company s ACL. 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 The following table details the major components of other operating income for the years ended December 31: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 Change Change 2021 Change Change 2020 Other Operating Income Mortgage banking income 21,572 20,572) (49) 42,144 10,491) (20) 52,635 Bankcard fees 3,697 308 9 3,389 552 19 2,837 Purchased receivable income 2,002 (257) (11) 2,259 (391) (15) 2,650 Keyman insurance proceeds 2,002 2,002 NM NM Commercial servicing revenue 1,628 1,322 432 306 (221) (42) 527 Service charges on deposit accounts 1,611 314 24 1,297 195 18 1,102 Interest rate swap income 157 (295) (65) 452 (497) (52) 949 Gain (loss) on sale of securities (67) (100) 67 (31) 100 98 (Loss) gain on marketable equity securities (1,119) (1,018) (1,008) (101) (162) 266 61 Other income 2,527 77 3 2,450 (19) (1) 2,469 Total other operating income 34,077 18,186) (35) 52,263 11,065) (17) 63,328 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 The most significant decreases in other operating income in 2022 was a decrease in mortgage banking income, followed by a decrease in the fair market value of marketable equity securities, a decrease in interest rate swap income, and a decrease in purchased receivable income. These decreases were partially offset by life insurance proceeds received in connections with the death of the Company's former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary who passed away on November 11, 2021, as well as increases in commercial servicing revenue, service charges on deposit accounts, and bankcard fees. 
 Mortgage banking income consists of gross income from the origination and sale of mortgages as well as mortgage loan servicing fees and is the largest component of other operating income at 63 of total other operating income in 2022 and 81 in 2021. Mortgage banking income decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 mainly due to a decrease in mortgage loans originated and sold as this volume decreased to 585.5 million in 2022 from 1.12 billion in 2021. The overall decrease in mortgage originations in 2022 as compared to the prior year is primarily the result of the changes in interest rates during the year that led to decreased activity. 
 Interest rate swap income decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to a decrease in the origination of new swap contracts with commercial loan customers. The Company executed new customer swap contracts with a notional value of 11.7 million in 2022 as compared to new customer swap contracts with a notional value of 15.7 million in 2021. 
 Purchased receivable income decreased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to customers reportedly using PPP funds instead of selling receivables to fund their operating cash needs. 
 Commercial servicing revenue increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily resulting from an increase in the fair value of our commercial servicing rights, which generally increase when interest rates rise causing the expected life of the servicing asset, and the resulting cash flow to the Company, to increase. 
 Bankcard fees and service charges on deposit accounts increased in 2022 due an increase in the number of the Company's deposit customers, as well as due to the cessation of COVID-19 quarantine restrictions, which both led to higher transaction volume as compared to 2021. 
 43 

Other Operating Expense 
 The following table details the major components of other operating expense for the years ended December 31: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 Change Change 2021 Change Change 2020 Other Operating Expense Salaries and other personnel expense 58,172 2,240) (4) 60,412 725) (1) 61,137 Data processing expense 8,926 359 4 8,567 899 12 7,668 Occupancy expense 6,915 (163) (2) 7,078 454 7 6,624 Professional and outside services 2,993 192 7 2,801 (356) (11) 3,157 Marketing expense 2,747 6 2,741 421 18 2,320 Insurance expense 2,054 461 29 1,593 365 30 1,228 Intangible asset amortization 25 (12) (32) 37 (11) (23) 48 OREO (income) expense, net rental income and gains on sale: OREO operating expense 634 (143) (18) 777 119 18 658 Rental income on OREO (548) (24) (5) (524) (15) (3) (509) Losses (gains) on sale of OREO 414 1,099 160 (685) (294) NM (391) Subtotal 500 932 216 (432) (190) 79 (242) Other expenses 6,520 121 2 6,399 (775) (11) 7,174 Total other operating expense 88,852 344) 89,196 82 89,114 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Other operating expense decreased by less than 1 in 2022 as compared to 2021. The largest decrease was in salaries and other personnel expense primarily related to mortgage banking operations, which fluctuate with production volumes. Occupancy expense and intangible asset expense also decreased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower repairs and maintenance costs. These decreases were mostly offset by increases in OREO expense, insurance expense, data processing expense, and professional and outside services. OREO expense increased in 2022 primarily due to increased losses on sale of OREO properties as compared to 2021. Insurance expense, data processing expense, and professional and outside services increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to increased FDIC insurance costs associated with asset growth, increased customer and transaction volume, and increased investment management fees attributable to the growth in our investment portfolio. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes decreased 2.7 million or 26 , to 7.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in 2022 is primarily due to lower pretax income. The Company's effective tax rate decreased to 20.1 in 2022 from 21.8 in 2021, primarily due to an increase in tax exempt income and low income housing tax credits as a percentage of pre-tax income in 2022 compared to 2021. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Investment Securities 
 The composition of our investment securities portfolio, which includes securities available for sale, held-to-maturity investments, and marketable equity securities, reflects management s investment strategy of maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity while providing a relatively stable source of interest income. The investment securities portfolio also mitigates interest rate and credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio, while providing a vehicle for the investment of available funds, a source of liquidity (by pledging as collateral or through repurchase agreements), and collateral for certain public funds deposits. Investment securities designated as available for sale comprised 93 of the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and are available to meet liquidity requirements in a contingency situation. 
 44 

Our investment portfolio consists primarily of government sponsored entity securities, corporate securities, collateralized loan obligations, and municipal securities. Investment securities at December 31, 2022 increased 269.4 million, or 59 , to 724.5 million from 455.1 million at December 31, 2021. The increase at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 came from the investment of short-term funds included in interest bearing deposits in other banks. The average maturity of the investment portfolio was approximately three and a quarter years at December 31, 2022. Investment securities may be pledged as collateral to secure public deposits or borrowings. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 59.3 million and 59.5 million in securities were pledged for deposits and borrowings, respectively. 
 
 45 

The following tables set forth the composition of our investment portfolio at December 31 for the years indicated: 
 (In Thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Securities Available for Sale: 2022: U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities 634,582 595,161 Municipal Securities 820 795 Corporate Bonds 24,281 23,644 Collateralized Loan Obligations 59,434 57,429 Total 719,117 677,029 2021: U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities 345,514 341,480 Municipal Securities 820 840 Corporate Bonds 32,721 32,946 Collateralized Loan Obligations 51,431 51,418 Total 430,486 426,684 2020: U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities 173,318 174,601 Municipal Securities 820 856 Corporate Bonds 29,951 30,492 Collateralized Loan Obligations 41,782 41,684 Total 245,871 247,633 Marketable Equity Securities: 2022: Preferred Stock 11,303 10,740 Total 11,303 10,740 2021: Preferred Stock 7,865 8,420 Total 7,865 8,420 2020: Preferred Stock 8,395 9,052 Total 8,395 9,052 Securities Held to Maturity: 2022: Corporate Bonds 36,750 32,639 Total 36,750 32,639 2021: Corporate Bonds 20,000 19,164 Total 20,000 19,164 2020: Corporate Bonds 10,000 10,000 Total 10,000 10,000 

46 

The following table sets forth the market value, maturities, and weighted average pretax yields of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Maturity Within Over (In Thousands) 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-10 Years 10 Years Total Securities Available for Sale: U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities Balance 65,541 529,620 595,161 Weighted average yield (1) 
 2.68 2.91 2.89 Municipal securities Balance 795 795 Weighted average yield (1) 
 2.14 2.14 Corporate bonds Balance 23,644 23,644 Weighted average yield (1) 
 4.43 4.43 Collateralized loan obligations Balance 4,751 26,401 26,277 57,429 Weighted average yield (1) 
 5.86 5.40 5.39 5.43 Total Balance 70,292 554,059 26,401 26,277 677,029 Weighted average yield (1) 
 2.90 2.97 5.40 5.39 3.15 Securities Held to Maturity Corporate bonds Balance 8,870 23,769 32,639 Weighted average yield (1) 
 5.50 5.01 5.15 Marketable Equity Securities Preferred Stock Balance 10,740 10,740 Weighted average yield (1) 
 5.88 
 (1) Weighted average yields have been calculated on an amortized cost basis and not on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 
 The Company s investment in marketable equity securities does not have a maturity date but it has been included in the over 10 years column above. 
 Loans and Lending Activities 
 All of our loans and credit lines are subject to approval procedures and amount limitations. These limitations apply to the borrower s total outstanding indebtedness and commitments to us, including the indebtedness of any guarantor. Generally, we are permitted to make loans to one borrower of up to 15 of the unimpaired capital and surplus of the Bank. The legal lending limit for the Bank was 32.1 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had two relationships whose total direct and indirect commitments exceeded 32.1 million; however, no individual direct relationship exceeded the loans-to-one borrower limitation. 
 The Company's loans have grown significantly in recent history, in part due to PPP loans, but over the last 3 years, core loans have also increased significantly. Management attributes higher growth in core loans in 2022 and 2021 to our ability to attract new customers through our outreach to the community. The Company's "Land and Expand" program was designed to increase both loans and deposits as we attract a broader customer base and convert new PPP customers into full banking relationships. 
 47 

The following table presents growth information for loans and loans excluding PPP loans: 
 Years Ended December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Five Year Compound Growth Rate Loans 1,501,785 1,413,886 1,444,050 1,043,371 984,346 954,953 9 Less: PPP loans 7,110 118,229 304,587 NM Loans, excluding PPP loans 1,494,675 1,295,657 1,139,463 1,043,371 984,346 954,953 9 Percent change, Loans excluding PPP loans 15 14 9 6 3 
 
 The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio by loan segment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Dollar Amount Percent of Total Dollar Amount Percent of Total (In Thousands) Commercial industrial loans 358,128 23.8 448,338 31.7 Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties 349,973 23.3 300,200 21.2 Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties 482,270 32.2 435,311 30.8 Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 73,381 4.9 32,542 2.3 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 20,259 1.3 19,610 1.4 1-4 family residential construction loans 44,000 2.9 36,222 2.6 Other construction, land development and raw land loans 99,182 6.6 88,094 6.2 Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US 32,539 2.2 16,403 1.2 Agricultural production, including commercial fishing 34,099 2.3 27,959 2.0 Consumer loans 4,335 0.3 4,801 0.3 Other loans 3,619 0.2 4,406 0.3 Total portfolio loans 1,501,785 1,413,886 
 
 The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loan portfolio and the rate sensitivity of these loans to changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2022: 
 By Maturity Loans Over One Year By Rate Sensitivity (In Thousands) Within 1 Year 1-5 Years 5-15 Years Over 15 Years Total Fixed Interest Rate Variable Interest Rate Commercial industrial loans 74,235 147,790 136,103 358,128 134,161 149,732 Commercial real estate 31,783 133,758 581,802 84,900 832,243 232,824 567,636 Residential real estate 42,702 6,862 26,071 62,077 137,712 39,413 55,597 Other construction 39,121 22,110 35,169 2,710 99,110 21,132 38,857 Consumer and other 4,760 5,882 63,941 9 74,592 41,774 28,058 Total 192,601 316,402 843,086 149,696 1,501,785 469,304 839,880 

48 

Information about industry concentrations: 
 Management utilizes the loan segments included in the tables above within the Company's CECL methodology to assess credit risk. These segments are largely determined by type of loan collateral. The Company also separately monitors concentrations in the loan portfolio based on industries, and these industry concentration are discussed below. 
 The Company defines "direct exposure" to the oil and gas industry as companies that it has identified as significantly reliant upon activity related to the oil and gas industry, such as oil producers or drilling and exploration companies, and companies who provide oilfield services, lodging, equipment rental, transportation, and other logistic services specific to the industry. The Company estimates that 83.4 million, or approximately 6 of loans as of December 31, 2022 have direct exposure to the oil and gas industry as compared to 63.6 million, or approximately 4 of loans as of December 31, 2021. The Company's unfunded commitments to borrowers that have direct exposure to the oil and gas industry were 51.8 million and 66.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The portion of the Company's ACL that related to the loans with direct exposure to the oil and gas industry was estimated at 786,000 and 684,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The following table details loan balances by loan segment and class of financing receivable for loans with direct oil and gas exposure as of the dates indicated: 
 (In Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Commercial industrial loans 66,864 45,338 Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties 9,108 10,244 Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties 6,013 6,564 Other loans 1,431 1,495 Total loans 83,416 63,641 
 The Company monitors other concentrations within the loan portfolio depending on trends in the current and future estimated economic conditions. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 126.5 million, or 8 of total portfolio loans, in the Healthcare sector; 96.3 million, or 6 of portfolio loans, in the Tourism sector; 70.8 million, or 5 in the Fishing sector; 65.1 million, or 4 in the Accommodations sector; 54.8 million, or 4 in Retail loans; 50.8 million, or 3 of portfolio loans, in the Aviation (non-tourism) sector; and 46.9 million, or 3 in the Restaurants and Breweries sector. 
 The portion of the Company's ACL that related to the loans with exposure to these industries is estimated at the following amounts as of December 31, 2022: 
 (In Thousands) Tourism Aviation (non-tourism) Healthcare Retail Fishing Restaurants and Breweries Accommodations Total ACL 570 397 1,096 525 503 388 569 4,048 
 49 

Credit Quality and Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our nonperforming loans and total nonperforming assets: 
 December 31, December 31, (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans 7,076 11,650 Loans 90 days past due and accruing Total nonperforming loans 7,076 11,650 Nonperforming loans guaranteed by government 646) 978) Net nonperforming loans 6,430 10,672 Other real estate owned 5,638 Other real estate owned guaranteed by government 1,279) Net nonperforming assets 6,430 15,031 Nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees / portfolio loans 0.43 0.75 Nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees / portfolio loans, net of government guarantees 0.46 0.88 Nonperforming assets, net of government guarantees / total assets 0.24 0.55 Nonperforming assets, net of government guarantees / total assets net of government guarantees 0.25 0.60 Performing restructured loans 291 2,355 Performing restructured loans guaranteed by government 2,518) Net performing restructured loans 291 773 Nonperforming loans plus performing restructured loans, net of government guarantees 6,721 11,445 Nonperforming loans plus performing restructured loans, net of government guarantees / portfolio loans 0.45 0.81 Nonperforming loans plus performing restructured loans, net of government guarantees / portfolio loans, net of government guarantees 0.48 0.94 Nonperforming assets plus performing restructured loans, net of government guarantees / total assets 0.25 0.58 Nonperforming assets plus performing restructured loans, net of government guarantees / total assets, net of government guarantees 0.26 0.63 Adversely classified loans, net of government guarantees 7,581 13,739 Special mention loans, net of government guarantees 4,760 22,110 Loans 30-89 days past due and accruing, net of government guarantees /portfolio loans 0.01 Loans 30-89 days past due and accruing, net of government guarantees / portfolio loans, net of government guarantees 0.01 Allowance for credit losses / portfolio loans 0.92 0.83 Allowance for credit losses / portfolio loans, net of government guarantees 0.99 0.97 Allowance for credit losses / nonperforming loans, net of government guarantees 215 110 Gross loan charge-offs for the quarter 1,179 Gross loan recoveries for the quarter 87) 53) Net loan (recoveries) charge-offs for the quarter 87) 1,126 Net loan (recoveries) charge-offs year-to-date 1,127) 1,107 Net loan (recoveries) charge-offs for the quarter / average loans, for the quarter (0.01) 0.08 Net loan (recoveries) charge-offs year-to-date / average loans, year-to-date annualized (0.08) 0.07 
 
 The Company s nonperforming assets, net of government guarantees decreased to 6.4 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 15.0 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease was mostly due to principal paydowns on nonaccrual loans 
 50 

which were only partially offset by additions to nonaccrual loans in 2022. There was interest income of 2.2 million and 1.6 million recognized in net income for 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to interest collected on nonaccrual loans whose principal had been paid down to zero. Additionally, the sale of the only OREO property held by the Company for all of 2022 reduced OREO to zero as of December 31, 2022 from 4.4 million, net of government guarantees, at December 31, 2021. The Company holds a government guarantee related to the OREO property that was sold in December 2022; however, the value of this guarantee has not been included in the Company's financial statements in 2022 due to uncertainty as to the total amount that will be received from the guarantee. For the fourth quarter of 2022, a loss from the sale of OREO of 414,000 is included in OREO expense, net of rental income in the income statement. We expect to receive proceeds related to this government guarantee in 2023. 
 The Company had 291,000 and 773,000 in loans classified as TDRs, net of government guarantees that were performing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, there were 4.8 million and 6.5 million in TDRs included in nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for total TDRs, net of government guarantees of 5.1 million and 7.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in TDRs at December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to payoffs and paydowns on loans classified as TDRs in 2022. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for further discussion of TDRs. 
 At December 31, 2022, management had identified potential problem loans of 1.6 million as compared to potential problem loans of 2.1 million at December 31, 2021. Potential problem loans are loans which are currently performing that have developed negative indications that the borrower may not be able to comply with present payment terms and which may later be included in nonaccrual, past due, or impaired loans. The decrease in potential problem loans at December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021 was primarily due to paydowns and credit risk upgrades to existing potential problem loans that were partially offset by the addition of new potential problem loans in 2022. 
 The Company acquired a vessel totaling 231,000 in the third quarter of 2019 through foreclosure proceedings related to one lending relationship that was sold in the second quarter of 2021. 
 The following summarizes OREO activity for the periods indicated: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of the year 5,638 7,289 7,043 Transfers from loans 274 652 Proceeds from the sale of other real estate owned (5,224) (2,610) (797) (Loss) Gain on sale of other real estate owned, net (414) 685 391 Balance, end of year 5,638 7,289 Government guarantees (1,279) (1,279) Balance, end of year, net of government guarantees 4,359 6,010 
 
 The Company made a 1.0 million loan in 2021 to facilitate the sale of OREO in 2021, but did not make any loans to facilitate the sale of OREO in 2022. Our underwriting policies and procedures for loans to facilitate the sale of OREO are no different than our standard loan policies and procedures. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021. The determination of the amount of the ACL is complex and involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. Refer to Note 1 of the notes to Consolidated Financial 
 51 

Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for detailed discussion regarding the ACL methodology for loans and unfunded commitments. 
 The following tables show the allocation of the ACL and the percent of loans in each category to total loans and the ratio of net loan charge-offs to average loans outstanding by loan segment for the years indicated: 
 2022 of Loans (1) 
 Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (In Thousands) Amount Commercial industrial loans 2,914 25 (0.26) Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties 3,094 23 (0.02) Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties 3,615 32 Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1,413 5 (0.01) 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 389 1 (0.19) 1-4 family residential construction loans 312 3 Other construction, land development and raw land loans 1,803 7 Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US 79 2 Agricultural production, including commercial fishing 145 2 (0.05) Consumer loans 68 (0.02) Other loans 6 Total 13,838 100 (0.08) 
 1 Represents percentage of this category of loans to total portfolio loans. 
 
 2021 of Loans (1) 
 Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (In Thousands) Amount Commercial industrial loans 3,027 33 0.21 Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties 3,176 21 Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties 2,930 31 Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 439 2 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 215 1 (0.21) 1-4 family residential construction loans 120 3 Other construction, land development and raw land loans 1,635 6 Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US 32 1 Agricultural production, including commercial fishing 91 2 (0.15) Consumer loans 67 (0.27) Other loans 7 Total 11,739 100 0.07 
 1 Represents percentage of this category of loans to total portfolio loans. 
 
 The ACL for loans increased to 13.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 11.7 million at December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in loan balances, net of guarantees, as well as a slight increase in expected future loss rates. The Company determined that an ACL of 13.8 million, or 0.92 of portfolio loans, is appropriate as of December 31, 2022 based on our analysis of the current credit quality of the portfolio and forecasted economic conditions. The ongoing impacts of the CECL methodology will be dependent upon changes in economic conditions and forecasts, as well as loan portfolio composition, quality, and duration. 
 
 52 

The following table sets forth information regarding changes in the ACL for unfunded commitments for the years indicated: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 1,096 187 Impact of adopting ASC 326 1,229 Adjusted balance, beginning of period 1,096 1,416 (Benefit) provision for credit losses 874 (320) Balance at end of period 1,970 1,096 
 While management believes that it uses the best information available to determine the ACL, unforeseen market conditions and other events could result in an adjustment to the ACL, and net income could be significantly affected if circumstances differed substantially from the assumptions used in making the final determination of the ACL. 
 Purchased Receivables 
 Purchased receivable balances increased at December 31, 2022 to 20.0 million from 7.0 million at December 31, 2021, and year-to-date average purchased receivable balances were 7.0 million and 12.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Purchased receivable income was 2.0 million and 2.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Purchased receivable income in 2022 decreased from 2021 due to customers reportedly using PPP loans to fund liquidity needs instead of selling receivables. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding changes in the purchased receivable ACL for the years indicated: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of year 73 94 Cumulative effect of adopting ASU 2016-13 (73) Charge-offs Recoveries Charge-offs net of recoveries Reserve for (recovery from) purchased receivables (21) Balance at end of year 73 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average purchased receivables during the period 
 Deposits 
 Deposits are our primary source of funds. Total deposits decreased 1 to 2.39 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.42 billion at December 31, 2021. Our deposits generally are expected to fluctuate according to the level of our market share, economic conditions, and normal seasonal trends. 
 The following table sets forth the average balances outstanding and average interest rates for each major category of our deposits, for the periods indicated: 
 2022 2021 2020 Average balance Average rate paid Average balance Average rate paid Average balance Average rate paid (In Thousands) Interest-bearing demand accounts 701,679 0.30 575,298 0.08 387,416 0.16 Money market accounts 318,375 0.25 264,344 0.16 219,025 0.32 Savings accounts 344,349 0.16 323,131 0.15 257,292 0.28 Certificates of deposit 169,931 0.62 178,215 0.94 176,873 1.83 Total interest-bearing accounts 1,534,334 0.29 1,340,988 0.23 1,040,606 0.51 Noninterest-bearing demand accounts 820,547 784,092 597,610 Total average deposits 2,354,881 2,125,080 1,638,216 
 53 

The Company's mix of deposits continues to contribute to a low cost of funds with balances in transaction accounts representing 92 of total deposits at December 31, 2022 and 93 at December 31, 2021. 
 The only deposit category with stated maturity dates is certificates of deposit. At December 31, 2022, we had 192.9 million in certificates of deposit, of which 128.4 million, or 67 , are scheduled to mature in 2023. The Company s certificates of deposit increased to 192.9 million during 2022 as compared to 178.0 million at December 31, 2021. The aggregate amount of certificates of deposit in amounts of 250,000 or more at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 77.5 million and 77.1 million, respectively. The following table sets forth the amount outstanding of certificates of deposits in amounts of 250,000 or more by time remaining until maturity and percentage of total deposits as of December 31, 2022: 
 Time Certificates of Deposits of 250,000 or More Percent of Total Deposits (In Thousands) Amount Amounts maturing in: Three months or less 20,964 27 Over 3 through 6 months 6,613 9 Over 6 through 12 months 20,321 26 Over 12 months 29,629 38 Total 77,527 100 
 
 The Company offers the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS as a member of Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLCSM (Network). When a Network member places a deposit using CDARS, that certificate of deposit is divided into amounts under the standard FDIC insurance maximum 250,000) and is allocated among member banks, making the large deposit eligible for FDIC insurance. The Company had 30.2 million CDARS certificates of deposits at December 31, 2022 and 24.0 million CDARS certificates of deposits at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Borrowings 
 FHLB: The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (the "FHLB"). As a member, the Bank is eligible to obtain advances from the FHLB. FHLB advances are dependent on the availability of acceptable collateral such as marketable securities or real estate loans, although all FHLB advances are secured by a blanket pledge of the Company s assets. At December 31, 2022, our maximum borrowing line from the FHLB was 1.195 billion, approximately 45 of the Bank s assets, subject to the FHLB s collateral requirements. The Company has outstanding advances of 14.1 million as of December 31, 2022 which were originated to match fund low income housing projects that qualify for long term fixed interest rates. These advances have original terms of either 18 or 20 years with 30 year amortization periods and fixed interest rates ranging from 1.23 to 3.25 . 
 Federal Reserve Bank : The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (the "Federal Reserve Bank") is holding 44.3 million of loans as collateral to secure advances made through the discount window as of December 31, 2022. There were no discount window advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company paid less than 1,000 in interest in 2022 and 2021 on this agreement. 
 Other Short and Long-term Borrowings: The Company had no short or long-term borrowings outstanding other than the FHLB advances noted above as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 The Company is subject to provisions under Alaska state law which generally limits the amount of outstanding debt to 35 of total assets or 929.3 million at December 31, 2021 and 35 of total assets or 948.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 54 

Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 On December 16, 2005, the Company s subsidiary, NST2, issued trust preferred securities in the principal amount of 10 million. These securities carry an interest rate of 90-day LIBOR plus 1.37 per annum that was initially set at 5.86 adjusted quarterly. The securities have a maturity date of March 15, 2036, and are callable by the Company on or after March 15, 2011. These securities are treated as Tier 1 capital by the Company s regulators for capital adequacy calculations. The interest cost to the Company of these securities was 326,000 in 2022. At December 31, 2022, the securities had an interest rate of 6.14 . The Company entered into an interest rate swap in the third quarter of 2017 to hedge the variability in cash flows arising out of its junior subordinated debentures, by swapping the cash flows with an interest rate swap which receives floating and pays fixed. The Company has designated this interest rate swap as a hedging instrument. The interest rate swap effectively fixes the Company's interest payments on the 10 million of junior subordinated debentures held under NST2 at 3.72 through its maturity date. Net of the impact of the interest rate swap, interest expense on these securities was 387,000 in 2022 and 382,000 in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company is a single bank holding company and its primary ongoing source of liquidity is from dividends received from the Bank. Such dividends arise from the cash flow and earnings of the Bank. Banking regulations and regulatory authorities may limit the amount of, or require the Bank to obtain certain approvals before paying, dividends to the Company. Given that the Bank currently meets and the Bank anticipates that it will continue to meet, all applicable capital adequacy requirements for a well-capitalized institution by regulatory standards, the Company expects to continue to receive dividends from the Bank during 2023. Other available sources of liquidity for the bank holding company include the issuance of debt and the issuance of common or preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 10.0 million authorized shares of common stock, of which 5.7 million are issued and outstanding, leaving 4.3 million shares available for issuance. Additionally, the Company has 2.5 million authorized shares of preferred stock available for issuance. 
 The Bank manages its liquidity through its Asset and Liability Committee. The Bank's primary source of funds are customer deposits. These funds, together with loan repayments, loan sales, maturity of investment securities, borrowed funds, and retained earnings are used to make loans, to acquire securities and other assets, and to fund deposit flows and continuing operations. The primary sources of demands on our liquidity are customer demands for withdrawal of deposits and borrowers demands that we advance funds against unfunded lending commitments. 
 The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 259.4 million, or 10 of total assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 645.8 million, or 24 of total assets as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents is primarily due to increases in investment securities and loans. While down from December 31, 2021, this level of cash and cash equivalents is still elevated as compared to historical norms both in balance and as a percentage of total assets. The Company had cumulative other comprehensive losses, net of tax, of 29.1 million in 2022 primarily due to unrealized holding losses on available for sale securities due to increases in interest rates. Management does not believe that liquidation of these securities, which would result in realized losses, will occur prior to maturity of these securities. Furthermore, management expects that the Company's elevated level of liquidity will continue into 2023 and potentially into subsequent years. Accordingly, management has invested in slightly longer term investment securities in 2021 and 2022 as compared to the last several years. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average maturity of available for sale securities is 3.3 years compared to 4.1 years at December 31, 2021 and 2.6 years at December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2022, 70.3 million available for sale securities mature within one year, 167.8 million mature in 2024, and 138.6 million mature in 2025. Our total unfunded commitments to fund loans and letters of credit at December 31, 2022 were 497.7 million. We do not expect that all of these loans are likely to be fully drawn upon at any one time. At December 31, 2022, certificates of deposit totaling 128.4 million and 52.1 million, respectively, contractually mature in 2023 and 2024, and may be withdrawn from the Bank. Similar to loans, we do not expect that these maturing certificates of deposit, or other non-maturity deposits, to be withdrawn from the Bank in a manner that will strain liquidity; however, unforeseen future circumstances or events may cause higher than anticipated withdrawal of deposits or draws of unfunded commitments to fund new loans. Management believes that cash requirements to fund future non-deposit liabilities, including operating lease liabilities, other liabilities, or borrowings as of December 31, 2022, are not material to the Company's liquidity position as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has other available sources of liquidity to fund unforeseen liquidity needs. These include borrowings available through our correspondent banking relationships and our credit lines with the Federal Reserve Bank and the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, our liquid assets were 570.7 million and our funds available for borrowing under our existing lines of credit were 1.24 billion. Given these sources of liquidity and our expectations for customer demands for cash and for our operating cash needs, we believe our sources of liquidity to be sufficient in the foreseeable future. 
 55 

As shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Part II. Item 8 of this report, net cash provided by operating activities was 78.1 million in 2022 and 112.0 million in 2021, respectively. The primary source of cash provided by operating activities for both periods was proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale net of proceeds used in originations, as well as positive net income. In 2022, proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale net of proceeds used in originations decreased as compared to 2021 as refinance and purchase activity slowed. Net cash used by investing activities was 405.6 million in 2022 primarily due to purchases of available for sale and held to maturity securities and to a lesser extent, increases in loans and purchased receivables. Net cash used by investing activities was 159.1 million in 2021 primarily due to purchases of available for sale and held to maturity securities, net of proceeds from the maturity of available for sale securities. Financing activities used cash of 59.0 million in 2022 and provided cash of 577.0 million in 2021. Financing activities used cash in 2022 due to a decrease in deposits as wells as payment of cash dividends to shareholders and the repurchase of shares of the Company's common stock. Financing activities provided cash in 2021 due to increases in deposits that were only partially offset by the payment of cash dividends to shareholders and the repurchase of shares of the Company's common stock. 
 Throughout our history, the Company has periodically repurchased for cash a portion of its shares of common stock in the open market. The following table presents the amount of common shares repurchased and the weighted average price paid per share for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ending: Common Shares Repurchased Weighted Average Price 2022 333,724 42.42 2021 279,276 41.30 2020 327,000 30.51 2019 347,676 36.15 2018 15,468 31.90 
 At December, 31, 2022, there were no shares available under the previously announced stock repurchase program. However, on January 27, 2023 the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 285,000 shares of common stock. The Company intends to continue to repurchase our stock from time-to-time depending upon market conditions, but we can make no assurances that we will continue this program or that we will authorize additional shares for repurchase. 
 The table below shows the cumulative effect the repurchase of common shares since the inception of the Company on diluted earnings per share: 
 Years Ending: Diluted EPS as Reported Diluted EPS without Stock Repurchase 2022 5.27 3.92 2021 6.00 4.79 2020 5.11 4.22 2019 3.04 2.59 2018 2.86 2.56 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements: We are subject to minimum capital requirements. Federal banking agencies have adopted regulations establishing minimum requirements for the capital adequacy of banks and bank holding companies. The requirements address both risk-based capital and leverage capital. We believe as of December 31, 2022, that the Company and the Bank met all applicable capital adequacy requirements for a well-capitalized institution by regulatory standards. 
 56 

The table below illustrates the capital requirements in effect in 2022 for the Company and the Bank and the actual capital ratios for each entity that exceed these requirements. Management intends to maintain capital ratios for the Bank in 2023 exceeding the FDIC s requirements for the well-capitalized classification. The capital ratios for the Company exceed those for the Bank primarily because the 10 million trust preferred securities offering is included in the Company s capital for regulatory purposes, although they are accounted for as a long-term debt in our consolidated financial statements. The trust preferred securities are not accounted for on the Bank s financial statements nor are they included in its capital. As a result, the Company has 10 million more in regulatory capital than the Bank at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which explains most of the difference in the capital ratios for the two entities. 
 Minimum Required Capital Well-Capitalized Actual Ratio Company Actual Ratio Bank December 31, 2022 Total risk-based capital 8.00 10.00 13.64 11.42 Tier 1 risk-based capital 6.00 8.00 12.81 10.58 Common equity tier 1 capital 4.50 6.50 12.29 10.59 Leverage ratio 4.00 5.00 9.01 7.42 
 
 See Note 22 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report for a detailed discussion of the capital ratios. The requirements for "well-capitalized" come from the Prompt Correction Action rules. See Part I. Item 1 Supervision and Regulation. These rules apply to the Bank but not to the Company. Under the rules of the Federal Reserve Bank, a bank holding company such as the Company is generally defined to be "well capitalized" if its Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is 8.0 or more and its total risk-based capital ratio is 10.0 or more. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The SEC defines "critical accounting policies" as those that require application of management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments as a result of the need to make "critical accounting estimates", which are estimates that involve estimation uncertainty that has had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8 of this report. Not all of these significant accounting policies require management to make critical accounting estimates. Management believes that the following accounting policies would be considered critical under the SEC's definition. The following discussion is intended to supplement, but not duplicate, information provided in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8 of this report for these policies. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Policy : The Company adopted CECL on January 1, 2021. The Company's Executive Loan Management Committee and Asset Liability Committee are both involved in monitoring various aspects of the Company's ACL methodology. The Company's Audit Committee provides board oversight of the ACL process and reviews and approves the ACL methodology on a quarterly basis. 
 CECL is not prescriptive in the methodology used to determine the expected credit loss estimate. Therefore, management has flexibility in selecting the methodology. However, the expected credit losses must be estimated over a financial asset's contractual term, adjusted for prepayments, utilizing quantitative and qualitative factors. The estimate of current expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amounts. Historical loss experience is the starting point for estimating expected credit losses. Adjustments are made to historical loss experience to reflect differences in asset-specific risk characteristics, such as underwriting standards, portfolio mix or asset terms, and differences in economic conditions both current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. When the Company is not able to make or obtain reasonable and supportable forecasts for the entire life of the financial asset it has estimated expected credit losses for the remaining life after the forecasted period using an approach that reverts to historical credit loss information. 
 
 Depending on the nature and size of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the Company uses a discounted cash flow DCF method or a weighted average remaining life method to estimate expected credit losses quantitatively. The Company uses a DCF method for 8 of its 11 loan pools, which represent 95 of the amortized cost basis of total loan pools at December 31, 2022. The weighted average remaining life method is used for the remaining 3 loan pools primarily because loan level data constraints preclude the use of the DCF model. 
 
 57 

Under the DCF method, the Company utilizes complex models to obtain reasonable and supportable forecasts to calculate two predictive metrics, the probability of default ("PD") and loss given default ("LGD"). The PD measures the probability that a loan will default within a given time horizon and is an assumption derived from regression models which determine the relationship between historical defaults and certain economic variables. The Company's regression models for PD utilize the Company's actual historical loan level default data. The Company determines a reasonable and supportable forecast and applies that forecast to the regression model to estimate defaults over the forecast period. Management leverages economic projections from a reputable and independent third-party to inform its loss driver forecasts over the Company's four quarter forecast period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, management utilized and forecasted Alaska unemployment as a loss driver for all of the loans pools that utilize the DCF method. Management also utilized and forecasted either one-year percentage change in the Alaska home price index or the one-year percentage change in the national commercial real estate price index as a second loss driver depending on the nature of the underlying loan pool and how well that loss driver correlates to expected future losses. Other internal and external indicators of economic forecasts are also considered by management when developing the forecast metrics. Additionally, the Company's regression models for PD as of December 31, 2021 utilized the Company's actual historical loan level default data. 
 
 As of January 1, 2022, management utilizes and forecasts U.S. unemployment as the sole loss driver for all of the loan pools that utilize the DCF method. The Company's regression models for PD as of January 1, 2022 utilize peer historical loan level default data. Peers for this purpose include banks in the United States with total assets between 1 billion and 5 billion whose loan portfolios share certain characteristics with the Company's loan portfolio. Peers differ by loan segment; a bank is included in the peer group for each loan segment under the following circumstances: 
 
 The percentage the balance of the loan segment compared to total loans over a five year look back period is within 1.5 standard deviations of the Company's data; 
 The percentage of total charge offs for the loan segment over a five year look back period is within 1 standard deviation of the Company's data; and 
 The percentage of total charge offs for the loan segment during the recessionary period from the fourth quarter of 2008 to the fourth quarter of 2012 is within 1 standard deviation of the Company's data. 
 
 For all periods presented, following the forecast period, the economic variables used to calculate PD revert to a historical average at a constant rate over an eight quarter reversion period. Other assumptions relevant to the discounted cash flow model to derive the quantitative allowance include the LGD, which is the estimate of loss for a defaulted loan, prepayment speeds, and the discount rate applied to future cash flows. The DCF method utilizes the effective interest rate of individual assets to discount the expected credit losses over the contractual term of the loan, adjusted for prepayments. The LGD is the expected loss which would be realized presuming a default has occurred and primarily measures the value of the collateral or other secondary source of repayment related to the collateral. 
 
 The Company has identified the following pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for measuring expected credit losses under CECL as adopted by the Company on January 1, 2021, which are unchanged as of December 31, 2022: 
 Commercial industrial - Commercial loans are loans for commercial, corporate and business purposes. The Company s commercial business loan portfolio is comprised of loans for a variety of purposes and across a variety of industries. These loans include general commercial and industrial loans, loans to purchase capital equipment, and other business loans for working capital and operational purposes. Commercial loans are generally secured by accounts receivable, inventory and other business assets. Also included in commercial loans are our PPP loans originated during 2020 and 2021. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Commercial real estate - This category of loans consists of the following loan types: 
 
 Owner occupied - This category includes non-farm, non-residential real estate loans for a variety of commercial property types and purposes, including owner occupied commercial real estate loans primarily secured by commercial office or industrial buildings, warehouses or retail buildings where the owner of the building occupies the property. Repayment terms vary considerably, interest rates are fixed or variable, and are structured for full, partial, or no amortization of principal. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Non-owner occupied and multifamily - This category includes non-farm, non-residential real estate loans for a variety of commercial property types and purposes, including investment real estate loans that are primarily secured by office and 
 58 

industrial buildings, warehouses or retail buildings where the owner of the building does not occupy the property, non-owner occupied apartment or multifamily residential buildings, and various special purpose properties. Repayment terms vary considerably, interest rates are fixed or variable, and are structured for full, partial, or no amortization of principal. Generally, these types of loans are thought to involve a greater degree of credit risk than owner occupied commercial real estate as they are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Residential real estate - This category of loans consists of the following loan types: 
 
 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens - This category of loans includes term loans secured by first liens on residential real estate. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving credit lines secured by 1-4 family first liens - This category of loans includes term loans primarily secured by junior liens on residential real estate and revolving credit lines that are secured by first liens on residential real estate. Home equity revolving lines of credit and home equity term loans are included in this group of loans. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 1-4 family residential construction - This category of loans consists of loans to finance the ground up construction, improvement and/or carrying for sale after the completion of construction of 1-4 family residential properties which will secure the loan. These loans may also be secured by tracts or individual parcels of land on which 1-4 family residential properties are being constructed. The repayment of construction loans is generally dependent upon the successful completion of the improvements by the builder for the end user, or sale of the property to a third-party. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Other construction, land development, and raw land - This category of loans consists of loans to finance the ground up construction, improvement and/or carrying for sale after the completion of construction of owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial properties, and loans secured by raw or improved land. The repayment of construction loans is generally dependent upon the successful completion of the improvements by the builder for the end user, or sale of the property to a third-party. Repayment of land secured loans are dependent upon the successful development and sale of the property, the sale of the land as is, or the outside cash flow of the owners to support the retirement of the debt. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Agricultural production, including commercial fishing - These loans are for the purpose of financing agricultural production, including growing and storing of crops, and for the purpose of financing fisheries and forestries, including loans to commercial fishermen. These loans may be secured or unsecured, but any loans for these purposes that are secured by real estate are included in a real estate category. The Company utilizes the weighted average remaining life method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Consumer - Loans used for personal use, which may be secured or unsecured, and customer overdrafts. The Company utilizes the DCF method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US - This category of loans includes all loans made to states, counties municipalities, school districts, drainage and sewer districts, and Indian tribes in the U.S. These loans maybe be secured by any type of collateral, including real estate. The Company utilizes the weighted average remaining life method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 Other - This category of loans includes all other loans that cannot properly be reported in one of the preceding categories. The Company utilizes the weighted average remaining life method to quantitatively estimate credit losses for this pool. 
 
 In addition to the quantitative portion of the ACL derived using either the DCF or weighted average remaining life method, the Company also considers the effects of the following qualitative factors in its calculation of expected losses in the loan portfolio: 
 
 Lending strategy, policies, and procedures; 
 Quality of internal loan review; 
 Lending management and staff; 
 Trends in underlying collateral values; 
 Competition, legal, and regulatory changes; 
 Economic and business conditions including fluctuations in the price of Alaska North slope crude oil; 
 59 

Inflation and monetary policy in the United States; 
 Changes in trends, volume and severity of adversely classified loans, nonaccrual loans, and delinquencies; 
 Concentration of credit; and 
 Changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio. 
 
 Valuation of goodwill and other intangibles: Management performs an impairment analysis for the intangible assets with indefinite lives on an annual basis as of December 31. Additionally, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are evaluated on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate impairment potentially exists. The impairment analysis requires management to make subjective judgments. Events and factors that may significantly affect the estimates include, among others, competitive forces, customer behaviors and attrition, changes in revenue growth trends, cost structures, technology, changes in discount rates and specific industry and market conditions. There can be no assurance that changes in circumstances, estimates or assumptions may result in additional impairment of all, or some portion of, goodwill or other intangible assets. The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment testing at December 31, 2022 and 2021 in accordance with the policy described in Note 1 to the financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. At December 31, 2022, the Company performed its annual impairment test by performing a qualitative assessment. Significant positive inputs to the qualitative assessment included the Company s increasing net income as compared to historical trends; the Company's increasing market share for deposits in our markets; results of regulatory examinations; peer comparisons of the Company's net interest margin; trends in the Company s cash flows; improvements in the Alaskan economy in 2022; increases in the Company's market share of mortgage originations; and increases in the Company's stock price. Significant negative inputs to the qualitative assessment included the muted pace of growth in the Alaska economy and a decline in home mortgage originations. We believe that the positive inputs to the qualitative assessment noted above outweigh the negative inputs for both of the Company's operating segments, and we therefore concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the Company exceeds its carrying value at December 31, 2022 and that no potential impairment existed at that time. 
 
 Servicing rights: The Company measures mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs") and commercial servicing rights ("CSRs") at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value going through earnings in the period in which the change occurs. Changes in the fair value of MSRs are recorded in mortgage banking income, and changes in the fair value of CSRs are recorded in commercial servicing revenue. Fair value adjustments encompass market-driven valuation changes and the decrease in value that occurs from the passage of time, which are separately reported. Retained servicing rights are measured at fair value as of the date of sale. Initial and subsequent fair value measurements are determined using a discounted cash flow model. In order to determine the fair value of servicing rights, the present value of expected net future cash flows is estimated. Assumptions used include market discount rates, anticipated prepayment speeds, escrow calculations, delinquency rates and ancillary fee income net of servicing costs. The model assumptions for MSRs are also compared to publicly filed information from several large MSR holders, as available. 
 Fair Value: A hierarchical disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability is utilized in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Financial instruments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments rarely traded or not quoted will generally have little or no pricing observability and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Pricing observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and not yet established and the characteristics specific to the transaction. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is defined as the sensitivity of income, expense, fair value measurements, and capital to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices, and other relevant market rates or prices. The primary market risks that we are exposed to are interest rate and price risks, in addition to risk in the Alaska economy due to our community banking focus. Price risk is the risk to current or future earnings or capital arising from changes in the value of either assets or liabilities that are entered into as part of distributing or managing risk. Interest rate risk is the risk to current or future earnings or capital arising from changes in interest rates. Generally, there are four sources of interest rate risk as described below: 
 Re-pricing Risk : Generally, re-pricing risk is the risk of adverse consequences from a change in interest rates that arises because of differences in the timing of when those interest rate changes affect an institution s assets and liabilities. 
 Basis Risk : Basis risk is the risk of adverse consequences resulting from unequal changes in the spread between two or more rates for different instruments with the same maturity. 
 60 

Yield Curve Risk : Also called yield curve twist risk, yield curve risk is the risk of adverse consequences resulting from unequal changes in the spread between two or more rates for different maturities for the same instrument. 
 Option Risk : In banking, option risks are known as borrower options to prepay loans and depositor options to make deposits, withdrawals, and early redemptions. Option risk arises whenever bank products give customers the right, but not the obligation, to alter the quantity of the timing of cash flows. 
 
 The Company is exposed to price and interest rate risks in the financial instruments and positions we hold. This includes investment securities, loans, loans held for sale, mortgage servicing rights, deposits, borrowings, and derivative financial instruments. Market risks such as foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk do not arise in the normal course of the Company's business. 
 
 The Company's price and interest rate risks are managed by the Asset and Liability Committee, a management committee that identifies and manages the sensitivity of earnings and capital to changing interest rates to achieve our overall financial objectives. Based on economic conditions, asset quality and various other considerations, the Asset and Liability Committee establishes overall balance sheet management policies as well as tolerance ranges for interest rate sensitivity and manages within these ranges. 
 
 A number of measures are used to monitor and manage interest rate risk, including interest sensitivity (gap) analysis and income simulations. An income simulation model is the primary tool used to assess the direction and magnitude of changes in net interest income resulting from changes in interest rates. Key assumptions in the model include loan and deposit volumes and pricing, prepayment speeds on fixed rate assets, and cash flows and maturities of investment securities. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely estimate net interest income or precisely predict the impact of higher or lower interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. 
 Although analysis of interest rate gap (the difference between the repricing of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities during a given period of time) is one standard tool for the measurement of exposure to interest rate risk, we believe that because interest rate gap analysis does not address all factors that can affect earnings performance it should not be used as the primary indicator of exposure to interest rate risk and the related volatility of net interest income in a changing interest rate environment. Interest rate gap analysis is primarily a measure of liquidity based upon the amount of change in principal amounts of assets and liabilities outstanding, as opposed to a measure of changes in the overall net interest margin. 
 The Company uses derivatives in the Home Mortgage Lending segment, including commitments to originate residential mortgage loans at fixed prices, and it enters into forward delivery contracts to sell mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers at specific prices and dates in order to hedge the interest rate risk in its residential mortgage loan commitments. The Company does not use derivatives outside of these activities in the Home Mortgage Lending segment to manage our interest rate risk exposures. However, the Company does enter into commercial loan interest rate swap agreements in its Community Banking segment in order to provide commercial loan customers the ability to convert from variable to fixed interest rates. Commercial loan interest rate swap agreements are offset with corresponding swap agreements with a third party swap dealer in order to offset the Company's exposure on the fixed component of the customer s interest rate swap. Additional information regarding the Company s customer interest rate swap program is presented in Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. 
 The following table sets forth the estimated maturity or repricing, and the resulting interest rate gap, of our interest-earning assets (which exclude nonaccrual loans and net unearned loan fees) and interest-bearing liabilities at December 31, 2022. The amounts shown below could be significantly affected by external factors such as changes in prepayment assumptions, early withdrawals of deposits, and competition. 
 61 

Estimated maturity or repricing at December 31, 2022 (In Thousands) Within 1 year 1-5 years >5 years Total Interest -Earning Assets: Interest bearing deposits in other banks 231,603 231,603 Investments securities and FHLB Stock 173,874 554,461 728,335 Loans 548,907 800,277 154,135 1,503,319 Loans held for sale 27,538 27,538 Total interest-earning assets 981,922 1,354,738 154,135 2,490,795 Percent of total interest-earning assets 39.42 54.39 6.19 100.00 Interest-Bearing Liabilities: Interest-bearing demand accounts 767,686 767,686 Money market accounts 308,317 308,317 Savings accounts 320,917 320,917 Certificates of deposit 130,892 60,648 1,317 192,857 Securities sold under repurchase agreements Borrowings 882 3,751 9,462 14,095 Junior subordinated debentures 10,310 10,310 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,528,694 64,399 21,089 1,614,182 Percent of total interest-bearing liabilities 94.70 3.99 1.31 100.00 Interest sensitivity gap 546,772) 1,290,339 133,046 876,613 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap 546,772) 743,567 876,613 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap as a percentage of total interest-earning assets (22.0) 29.9 35.2 
 
 As stated previously, certain shortcomings, including those described below, are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the foregoing table. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market interest rates. Additionally, certain assets have features that restrict changes in their interest rates, both on a short-term basis and over the lives of the assets. Further, in the event of a change in market interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the tables as can the relationship of rates between different loan and deposit categories. Moreover, the ability of many borrowers to service their adjustable-rate debt may decrease in the event of an increase in market interest rates. 
 While the analysis above sets forth the estimated maturity or repricing and the resulting interest rate gap of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the following tables show the estimated impact on net interest income and net income at one and two year time horizons with instantaneous parallel rate shocks of up 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points and down 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis point. Due to the various assumptions used for this modeling and potential balance sheet strategies management may implement to mitigate interest rate risk, no assurance can be given that projections will reflect actual results. 
 62 

The following table shows the estimated impact on net interest income under the stated interest rate scenarios: 
 1st Year Change in net interest income from base scenario Percentage change 2nd Year Change in net interest income from base scenario Percentage change (In Thousands) Scenario: Up 400 basis points 4,191 3.81 19,456 16.31 Up 300 basis points 3,163 2.87 14,571 12.22 Up 200 basis points 2,128 1.93 9,729 8.16 Up 100 basis points 1,105 1.00 4,907 4.11 Down 100 basis points 4,646) (4.22) 8,749) (7.34) Down 200 basis points 9,605) (8.73) 17,946) (15.05) Down 300 basis points 14,351) (13.04) 27,180) (22.79) Down 400 basis points 17,812) (16.18) 32,080) (26.90) 
 
 The following table shows the estimated impact on net income under the stated interest rate scenarios. The trends in the estimated impact on net income under the stated interest rate scenarios differ from the table above primarily due to the inclusion of the estimated impact of changes in other operating income and expense related to mortgage banking activities: 
 
 1st Year Change in net income from base scenario Percentage change 2nd Year Change in net income from base scenario Percentage change (In Thousands) Scenario: Up 400 basis points 1,658) (4.37) 10,417 23.68 Up 300 basis points 1,228) (3.24) 7,796 17.72 Up 200 basis points 803) (2.12) 5,209 11.84 Up 100 basis points 369) (0.97) 2,636 6.00 Down 100 basis points 576) (1.52) 3,815) (8.67) Down 200 basis points 1,401) (3.69) 7,983) (18.15) Down 300 basis points 2,056) (5.42) 12,181) (27.69) Down 400 basis points 1,690) (4.45) 12,955) (29.45) 

63 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The following report, audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages indicated: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 67 
 For the Years Ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020: Consolidated Statements of Income 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 
 
 64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 65 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses - loans balance was 13.8 million at December 31, 2022. The allowance for credit losses loans is management s best estimate of current expected credit losses in its loan portfolio and is estimated using either a discounted cash flow method or a weighted average remaining life method, depending on the nature and size of the loan pool. The estimate of current expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of loans. Historical loss experience is the starting point for estimating expected credit losses. Adjustments are made to historical loss experience to reflect differences in asset-specific risk characteristics using qualitative factors. 
 
 We identified management s estimation and application of the forecast of economic conditions used in the calculation of probabilities of default in the allowance for credit losses loans as a critical audit matter. The forecast of economic conditions component of the allowance for credit losses - loans is used to compare the conditions that existed during the historical period to current conditions and future expectations, and to make adjustments to the historical data accordingly. Auditing management s judgments regarding the estimation and application of forecasted economic conditions portion of the allowance for credit losses - loans involved significant audit effort, as well as especially challenging and subjective auditor judgement when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matters included: 
 
 Testing the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s calculation of the allowance for credit losses loans, including controls over the estimation and application of the forecast of economic conditions. 
 
 Obtaining management s analysis and supporting documentation related to the forecast of economic conditions used to determine the probabilities of default, and evaluating whether the forecast of economic conditions used in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses - loans are reasonable and supportable. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses loans, and testing the calculation itself, including completeness and accuracy of the data used in the calculation, and the application of the forecast of economic conditions used in the calculation to determine probabilities of default. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Everett, Washington 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 66 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest bearing deposits in other banks Investment securities available for sale, at fair value Marketable equity securities Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost Investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses, loans ) ) Net loans Purchased receivables, net Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Other real estate owned, net Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Deposits: Demand Interest-bearing demand Savings Money market Certificates of deposit less than 250,000 Certificates of deposit 250,000 and greater Total deposits Borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 18) 
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 67 

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest and Dividend Income Interest and fees on loans and loans held for sale Interest on investment securities available for sale Dividends on marketable equity securities Interest on investment securities held to maturity Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank stock Interest on deposits in other banks Total Interest Income Interest Expense Interest expense on deposits Interest expense on borrowings Interest expense on junior subordinated debentures Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Net Interest Income After Provision (Benefit) for Credit Losses Other Operating Income Mortgage banking income Bankcard fees Purchased receivable income Keyman insurance proceeds Commercial servicing revenue Service charges on deposit accounts Interest rate swap income Gain on sale of marketable equity securities, net Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable equity securities ) ) Other income Total Other Operating Income Other Operating Expense Salaries and other personnel expense Data processing expense Occupancy expense Professional and outside services Marketing expense Insurance expense OREO (income) expense, net of rental income and gains on sale ) ) Intangible asset amortization expense Other operating expense Total Other Operating Expense Income Before Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes Net Income Earnings Per Share, Basic Earnings Per Share, Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 68 

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 2010 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Securities available for sale: Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period Derivatives and hedging activities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) during the period ) Income tax benefit (expense) related to unrealized gains and losses Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 69 

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Number of Shares Par Value (In Thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 Cash dividend declared ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting principles related to equity compensation expense ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 Cash dividend declared ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-13 Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 Cash dividend declared ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, net ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 70 

NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Gain on sale of securities, net ) ) Loss on sale of premises and equipment Depreciation and amortization of premises Amortization of software Intangible asset amortization Amortization of investment security premium, net of discount accretion Unrealized loss (gain) on marketable equity securities ) Deferred tax (income) expense ) Stock-based compensation Deferral of loan fees and amortization, net of costs ) ) Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Benefit for purchased receivables ) Additions to home mortgage servicing rights carried at fair value ) ) ) Change in fair value of home mortgage servicing rights carried at fair value ) Change in fair value of commercial servicing rights carried at fair value ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of other real estate owned ) ) Net changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities ) Investing Activities: Investment in securities: Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) ) ) Purchases of marketable equity securities ) ) ) Purchases of FHLB stock ) ) ) Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) ) Proceeds from sales/calls/maturities of securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities Proceeds from redemption of FHLB stock (Increase) decrease in purchased receivables, net ) (Increase) decrease in loans, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Purchases of software ) ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Net Cash (Used) Provided by Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Increase in deposits ) Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net Cash (Used) Provided by Financing Activities ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 
 71 

Supplemental Information: Income taxes paid Interest paid Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Loans made to facilitate sales of other real estate owned Non-cash lease liability arising from obtaining right of use assets Cash dividends declared but not paid Cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 72 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 - 
 
 Consolidation: wholly-owned business trust subsidiary, Northrim Statutory Trust 2 ("Trust 2"), that was formed to issue trust preferred securities and related common securities of Trust 2. The Company has not consolidated the accounts of Trust 2 in its consolidated financial statements in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). As a result, the junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company to Trust 2 are reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as junior subordinated debentures. interest in PWA and a interest in Homestate Mortgage Company, LLC, and these investments are accounted for as equity method investments. Results of PWA and Homestate are included in "Other income" in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Investments in other companies are presented on a one-line basis in the caption Other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Operating Segments: operating business lines; Community Banking and Home Mortgage Lending. Information about the Company's operating segments is included in Note 25 of the Notes to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. 
 Reclassifications: 
 Subsequent Events: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents: days at acquisition. 
 73 

Investment Securities: 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Investment Securities: 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Stock: 
 Loans held for sale: 
 74 

Acquired Loans: 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans : 
 75 

76 

Other Real Estate Owned: 
 Premises and Equipment: and years, leasehold improvements ranging between and years, and buildings at years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to current operations, while renewals and betterments are capitalized. Long-lived assets such as premises and equipment are reviewed for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the remaining useful life may warrant revision, or that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset may not be fully recoverable. If impairment is determined to exist, any related impairment loss is calculated based on fair value. Impairment losses on assets to be disposed of, if any, are based on the estimated proceeds to be received, less costs of disposal. 
 Operating Leases: 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets: 
 Low Income Housing Tax Credit Partnerships: 
 Servicing Rights: 
 77 

Other Assets: 
 Derivatives: For further detail, see Note 19 of the notes to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. 
 Transfers or sales of financial assets: 
 Revenue Recognition: 
 78 

Advertising: The Company reported total expenses in these areas of million, million, and million for each of the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Stock Incentive Plans: 
 Income Taxes: 
 Earnings Per Share: Anti-dilutive shares outstanding related to options to acquire common stock for the year ended December 31, 2020 totaled . There were anti-dilutive shares outstanding related to options to acquire common stock in 2022 or 2021. 
 79 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of potential common shares from awards granted under equity incentive program Total Earnings per common share Basic Diluted 
 
 Comprehensive Income: 
 Concentrations: 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in commercial and construction loans. Additionally, the Company continues to have a concentration in large borrowing relationships. At December 31, 2022, of the Company s loan portfolio is attributable to large borrowing relationships. The Company has additional unfunded commitments to these borrowers of million at December 31, 2022. 
 Fair Value Measurements: 
 
 80 

million of assets, including million in commercial loans and million in debt securities, and million of liabilities in the form of our junior subordinated debentures linked to USD LIBOR. These amounts exclude derivative assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the notional amount of our USD LIBOR-linked interest rate derivative contracts was million. Of this amount, million in notional value represent commercial loan interest rate swap agreements with commercial banking customers. An additional million in notional value represent corresponding swap agreements with third party financial institutions that offset the commercial loan swaps. The Company has one additional interest rate swap agreement with a third party institution for million in notional value related to our junior subordinated debentures. Each of the USD LIBOR-linked amounts referenced above are expected to vary in future periods as current contracts expire with potential replacement contracts using an alternative reference rate. 
 
 In an effort to mitigate the risks associated with a transition away from LIBOR, our Asset Liability Committee has undertaken initiatives to: (i) develop more robust fallback language and disclosures related to the LIBOR transition, (ii) develop a plan to seek to amend legacy contracts to reference such fallback language or alternative reference rates, (iii) enhance systems to support commercial loans, securities, and derivatives linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and other alternative reference rates, (iv) develop and evaluate internal guidance, policies and procedures focused on the transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rate products, and (v) prepare and disseminate internal and external communications regarding the LIBOR transition. 
 
 81 

NOTE 2 
 balance with a correspondent bank for outsourced servicing of ATMs at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company is required to maintain a and balance with a correspondent bank to collateralize the initial margin and the fair value exposure of one of its interest rate swaps, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The Company was required to maintain a and million balance with a correspondent bank to collateralize the initial margin and the fair value exposure of one of its interest rate swaps, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 3 - 
 or less. 
 Interest bearing deposits at FHLB Other interest bearing deposits at other institutions Total 
 82 

NOTE 4 - 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.) Gain on sale of marketable equity securities, net Total 
 Debt securities 
 Debt securities have been classified in the financial statements as available for sale or held to maturity. 
 Municipal securities ) Corporate bonds ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Total securities available for sale December 31, 2021 Securities available for sale U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities Municipal securities Corporate bonds ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Total securities available for sale 
 Allowance for credit losses Total securities held to maturity, net of ACL December 31, 2021 Securities held to maturity Corporate bonds Allowance for credit losses Total securities held to maturity, net of ACL 
 
 83 

Corporate bonds ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Total 2021 Securities Available for Sale U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities Corporate bonds ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Total 
 
 Management evaluates available for sale debt securities in unrealized loss positions to determine whether the impairment is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. Consideration is given to the extent to which the fair value is less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and available for sale securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, respectively, that have been in a loss position for less than twelve months. There were and available for sale securities without an ACL with unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that have been at a loss position for more than twelve months. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and held to maturity securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, respectively, that have been in a loss position for less than twelve months. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and held to maturity securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, respectively, that have been in a loss position for more than twelve months. Management does not have the intent to sell any of these securities and believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell any such securities before a recovery of cost. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, management believes that the unrealized losses detailed in the previous table are due to noncredit-related factors, including changes in interest rates and other market conditions, and therefore no losses have been recognized in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million in securities were pledged for deposits and borrowings, respectively. 
 
 84 

1-5 years Total Corporate bonds 1-5 years 5-10 years Total Collateralized loan obligations Within 1 year 5-10 years Over 10 years Total Municipal securities 1-5 years Total 

2021 Available for sale securities 2020 Available for sale securities 

Other Total taxable interest income Municipal securities Total tax-exempt interest income Total 

85 

NOTE 5 - 
 Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties ) ) Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties ) ) Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens ) ) 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans ) ) Other construction, land development and raw land loans ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US ) ) Agricultural production, including commercial fishing ) ) Consumer loans Other loans ) ) Total ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) ) 
 The difference between the amortized cost and unpaid principal balance is primarily net deferred origination fees totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Accrued interest on loans, which is excluded from the amortized cost of loans held for investment, totaled million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Amortized cost in the above table includes million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in PPP loans administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA within the Commercial industrial loan segment. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately of the Company s loans, excluding PPP loans, are secured by real estate and are unsecured. Approximately are for general commercial uses, including professional, retail, and small businesses. Repayment is expected from the borrowers cash flow or, secondarily, the collateral. The Company s exposure to credit loss, if any, is the outstanding amount of the loan if the collateral is determined to be of no value. 
 
 86 

Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties ) Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans ) Other loans ) Total 
 Beginning Balance Credit Loss Expense (Benefit) Charge-offs Recoveries Ending Balance (In Thousands) 2021 Commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties ) Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties ) Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens ) 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens ) 1-4 family residential construction loans ) Other construction, land development and raw land loans ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US ) Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans ) Other loans Total 
 87 

million, or of portfolio loans and of portfolio loans, net of government guarantees from million, or of portfolio loans and of portfolio loans, net of government guarantees at December 31, 2021. The Company primarily uses a DCF method to estimate the ACL for loans and generally does not record an ACL for the government guaranteed portion of loans. The increase in the ACL for loans at December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to an increase in non-government guaranteed loan balances. Additionally, the Company forecasted a slight increase in future unemployment rates as of December 31, 2022 as compared to the forecast at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit Quality Information 
 As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management utilizes a loan risk grading system called the Asset Quality Rating AQR system to assign a risk classification to each of its loans. The risk classification is a dual rating system that contemplates both probability of default and risk of loss given default. Loans are graded on a scale of 1 to 10 and, loans graded 1 6 are considered pass grade loans. Loans graded 7 or higher are considered "classified" loans. A description of the general characteristics of the AQR risk classifications are as follows: 
 Pass grade loans 1 through 6: The borrower demonstrates sufficient cash flow to fund debt service, including acceptable profit margins, cash flows, liquidity and other balance sheet ratios. Historic and projected performance indicates that the borrower is able to meet obligations under most economic circumstances. The Company has competent management with an acceptable track record. The category does not include loans with undue or unwarranted credit risks that constitute identifiable weaknesses. 
 
 Classified loans: 
 Special Mention 7: A "special mention" credit has weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset at some future date. 
 
 Substandard 8: A "substandard" credit is inadequately protected by the current worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified must have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful 9: An asset classified "doubtful" has all the weaknesses inherent in one that is classified "substandard-8" with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. The loan has substandard characteristics, and available information suggests that it is unlikely that the loan will be repaid in its entirety. 
 
 Loss 10: An asset classified "loss" is considered uncollectible and of such little value that its continuance on the books is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the asset has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset, even though partial recovery may be affected in the future. 
 
 Classified Total commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Pass Classified Total commercial real estate owner occupied properties 
 88 

Classified Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Pass Classified Total other construction, land development and raw land loans Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Pass Classified Total obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Pass Classified Total agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans Pass Classified Total consumer loans Other loans Pass Classified Total other loans Total loans Pass Classified Total loans Total pass loans Government guarantees ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total pass loans, net of government guarantees Total classified loans 
 89 

) ) ) ) Total classified loans, net government guarantees 
 
 December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (In Thousands) Commercial industrial loans Pass Classified Total commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Pass Classified Total commercial real estate owner occupied properties Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Pass Classified Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Pass Classified Total residential real estate 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Pass Classified Total other construction, land development and raw land loans Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Pass Classified Total obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Pass Classified Total agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans Pass Classified 
 90 

Other loans Pass Classified Total other loans Total loans Pass Classified Total loans Total pass loans Government guarantees ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total pass loans, net of government guarantees Total classified loans Government guarantees ) ) ) ) Total classified loans, net government guarantees 

91 

Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans Other loans Total December 31, 2021 Commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Non-owner occupied and multifamily properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Obligations of states and political subdivisions in the US Agricultural production, including commercial fishing Consumer loans Other loans Total 
 92 

Nonaccrual Loans 
 Nonaccrual loans net of government guarantees totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by first liens 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens 1-4 family residential construction loans Other construction, land development and raw land loans Consumer loans Total nonaccrual loans Government guarantees on nonaccrual loans ) ) ) ) Net nonaccrual loans 
 
 Interest income which would have been earned on nonaccrual loans for 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to , , and , respectively. 
 
 There was in interest on nonaccrual loans reversed through interest income in both 2022 and 2021. There was no interest earned on nonaccrual loans with a principal balance during 2022 or 2021. However, the Company recognized interest income of million, million, and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to interest collected on nonaccrual loans whose principal has been paid down to zero. 
 
 Loans are classified as collateral dependent when it it probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due, and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale of the collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no collateral dependent loans for which foreclosure is probable. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Loans classified as TDRs totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A TDR is a loan to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty that has been modified from its original terms and conditions in such a way that the Company is granting the borrower a concession that it would not grant otherwise. 
 93 

Number of modifications 
 Loan Modifications due to COVID-19 as of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Interest Only Full Payment Deferral Total Portfolio loans Number of modifications 
 
 The Company has granted a variety of concessions to borrowers in the form of loan modifications. The modifications granted can generally be described in the following categories: 
 
 Rate Modification : A modification in which the interest rate is changed. 
 Term Modification : A modification in which the maturity date, timing of payments, or frequency of payments is changed. 
 Payment Modification : A modification in which the dollar amount of the payment is changed, or in which a loan is converted to interest only payments for a period of time is included in this category. 
 Combination Modification : Any other type of modification, including the use of multiple categories above. 
 
 94 

Total 
 
 The following tables present newly restructured loans that occurred during 2021, by concession (terms modified): 
 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) Number of Contracts Rate Modification Term Modification Payment Modification Combination Modification Total Modifications Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment: Commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens Other construction, land development and raw land loans Total Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment: Commercial industrial loans Commercial real estate: Owner occupied properties Residential real estate: 1-4 family residential properties secured by junior liens and revolving secured by 1-4 family first liens Other construction, land development and raw land loans Total 

The Company had commitments to extend additional credit to borrowers owing receivables whose terms have been modified in TDRs at December 31, 2022. There were charge-offs in 2022 and 2021 on loans that were later classified as a TDR. 
 There were loans that were restructured during 2022, 2021, or 2020 that also subsequently defaulted within the first twelve months of restructure in those same periods. 
 95 

Loans made Repayments Balance, end of year 
 
 The Company had of unfunded loan commitments to these directors or their related interests on December 31, 2022 and of unfunded loan commitments on December 31, 2021. 
 Pledged Loans 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were loans pledged as collateral to secure public deposits. 

NOTE 6 - 
 . There are purchased receivables past due at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Income on purchased receivables is accrued and recognized on the balance outstanding using an effective interest method except when management believes doubt exists as to the collectability of the income or principal. There were nonperforming purchased receivables as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses - purchased receivables Total 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 ) Charge-offs Recoveries Charge-offs net of recoveries Benefit for purchased receivables ) Balance at end of year 

96 

NOTE 7 - 
 
 Additions for new MSR capitalized Changes in fair value: Due to changes in model inputs of assumptions (1) 
 ) ) Other (2) 
 ) ) ) Carrying value, December 31 
 
 (1) Principally reflects changes in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in interest rates. 
 (2) Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over time. 
 
 The following table details information related to our serviced mortgage loan portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 (In Thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance of mortgage loans serviced for others MSR as a percentage of serviced loans 
 
 The Company recognized servicing fees of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which includes contractually specified servicing fees and ancillary fees which are included in "Mortgage banking income" as a component of other noninterest income in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Average discount rate 
 
 97 

Weighted average rate of note December 31, 2022 Base 1.0 Adverse Rate Change 2.0 Adverse Rate Change Conditional prepayment rate Discount rate Fair value MSR Percentage of MSR December 31, 2021 Conditional prepayment rate Discount rate Fair value MSR Percentage of MSR 
 
 The above tables show the sensitivity to market rate changes for the par rate coupon for a conventional one-to-four family AHFC/FNMA/FHLMC serviced home loan. The above tables reference a 100 basis point and 200 basis point decrease in discount rates. 
 
 These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution as the tables above demonstrate the Company s methodology for estimating the fair value of MSR is highly sensitive to changes in key assumptions. For example, actual prepayment experience may differ and any difference may have a material effect on MSR fair value. Changes in fair value resulting from changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in these tables, the effects of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the MSR is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may be associated with changes in another (for example, decreases in market interest rates may provide an incentive to refinance; however, this may also indicate a slowing economy and an increase in the unemployment rate, which reduces the number of borrowers who qualify for refinancing), which may magnify or counteract the sensitivities. Thus, any measurement of MSR fair value is limited by the conditions existing and assumptions made at a particular point in time. Those assumptions may not be appropriate if they are applied to a different point in time. 
 
 Commercial servicing rights 
 Commercial servicing right assets ("CSRs") have a carrying value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and total commercial loans serviced for others were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of CSRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include an average conditional prepayment rate of and and a discount rate of and , respectively. 

98 

NOTE 8 - 
 and million, respectively, as OREO. 
 Rental income on OREO ) ) ) Losses/ (gains) on sale of OREO ) ) Total 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 Furniture and equipment - years 
 Tenant improvements - years 
 Buildings years Total Premises and Equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Premises and Equipment, Net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 10 
 million and operating lease liabilities of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has operating lease ROU assets of million and operating lease liabilities of million. The Company does not have any agreements that are classified as finance leases. 

Short term lease cost (1) 
 Total lease cost Other information Operating leases - operating cash flows Weighted average lease term - operating leases, in years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases (1) Expenses are classified within occupancy expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 99 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount of lease payment representing interest ) Present value of future minimum lease payments 

NOTE 11 - 
 
 Core deposit intangible Trade name intangible Total 
 
 The Company performed goodwill impairment testing at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 in accordance with the policy described in Note 1 to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II. Item 8 of this report. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company performed its annual impairment test using a qualitative assessment. Significant positive inputs to the qualitative assessment included the Company s increasing net income as compared to historical trends; the Company's increasing market share for deposits in our markets; results of regulatory examinations; peer comparisons of the Company's net interest margin; trends in the Company s cash flows; improvements in the Alaskan economy in 2022; increases in the Company's market share of mortgage originations; and increases in the Company's stock price. Significant negative inputs to the qualitative assessment included the muted pace of growth in the Alaskan economy and a decline in home mortgage originations. We believe that the positive inputs to the qualitative assessment noted above outweigh the negative inputs, and we therefore concluded that it is more likely than not that no impairment existed at that time. 
 The Company recorded amortization expense of its intangible assets of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Accumulated amortization for intangible assets was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 100 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 12 - 
 
 Interest rate swaps not designated as hedging instruments, at fair value Deferred taxes, net Accrued interest receivable Bank owned life insurance, net Prepaid expenses Commercial servicing rights, at fair value Equity method investments Taxes receivable Software Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Total 
 Low Income Housing Partnerships: million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company expects to fund its remaining million in commitments on these investments through 2030. 
 ) WNC December 2012 ) R4 - Coronado March 2013 ) R4 - MVV May 2014 ) R4 - PJ33 June 2016 ) R4 - Coronado II July 2019 ) R4 - Duke Apartments November 2019 ) Total 
 
 101 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company offers IntraFi Network Deposits SM as a member of IntraFi Network SM (Network). When a Network member places a deposit using IntraFi Network Deposits, that certificate of deposit or deposit account is divided into amounts under the standard FDIC insurance maximum 250,000) and is allocated among member banks, making the large deposit eligible for FDIC insurance. In addition to customer deposit placement, the IntraFi Network Deposits also allows placement of the Bank's own investment dollars. The Company had million in IntraFi Network Deposits certificates of deposits and million in IntraFi Network Deposits in deposit accounts at December 31, 2022 and million in IntraFi Network Deposits certificates of deposits and million in IntraFi Network Deposits in deposit accounts at December 31, 2021. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held million and million, respectively, in deposits for related parties, including directors, executive officers, and their affiliates. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reclassified million and , respectively, in overdrafts from deposits to loans. 

NOTE 14 - 
 of eligible assets. FHLB advances are subject to collateral criteria that require the Company to pledge assets under a blanket pledge arrangement as collateral for its borrowings from the FHLB. Based on assets currently pledged and advances currently outstanding at December 31, 2022, the Company's available borrowing line is million, representing approximately of total assets. Additional advances of up to of eligible assets, or billion, are dependent on the availability of acceptable collateral such as marketable securities or real estate loans, although all FHLB advances are secured by a blanket pledge of the Company s assets. The Company has outstanding FHLB advances of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were originated to match fund low income housing projects that qualify for long-term fixed interest rates. These advances have original terms of either or years with year amortization periods and fixed interest rates ranging from to . 
 The Federal Reserve Bank is holding million of loans as collateral to secure available borrowing lines through the discount window of million at December 31, 2022. There were discount window advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company paid less than in interest in 2022 and 2021 on this agreement. 
 The Company is subject to provisions under Alaska state law, which generally limit the amount of the Bank's outstanding debt to of total assets or million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase were for both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 102 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company recognized interest expense of , , and on borrowings and securities sold under repurchase agreements in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The average interest rates paid on long-term debt in the same periods was , , and , respectively. 

NOTE 15 - 
 million of guaranteed undivided beneficial interests in the Company s Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Trust Preferred Securities 2 ). These debentures qualify as Tier 1 capital under Federal Reserve Board guidelines. All of the common securities of Trust 2 are owned by the Company. The proceeds from the issuance of the common securities and the Trust Preferred Securities 2 were used by Trust 2 to purchase million of junior subordinated debentures of the Company. Trust 2 is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements in accordance with GAAP; therefore, the Company has recorded its investment in Trust 2 as an other asset and the subordinated debentures as a liability. The debentures, which represent the sole asset of Trust 2, accrue and pay distributions quarterly at a variable rate of -day LIBOR plus per annum, adjusted quarterly, of the stated liquidation value of per capital security. The interest rate on these debentures was at December 31, 2022 compared to at December 31, 2021. The interest cost to the Company on these debentures was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company has entered into contractual arrangements which, taken collectively, fully and unconditionally guarantee payment of: (i) accrued and unpaid distributions required to be paid on the Trust Preferred Securities 2; (ii) the redemption price with respect to any Trust Preferred Securities 2 called for redemption by Trust 2; and (iii) payments due upon a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, winding up or liquidation of Trust 2. The Trust Preferred Securities 2 are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity of the debentures on March 15, 2036, or upon earlier redemption as provided in the indenture. The Company has the right to redeem the debentures purchased by Trust 2 in whole or in part, on or after March 15, 2011. As specified in the indenture, if the debentures are redeemed prior to maturity, the redemption price will be the principal amount and any accrued but unpaid interest. 
 103 

NOTE 16 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense of 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense of 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

NOTE 17 - 
 match for each 1.00 contributed by employees of the Bank up to of the employee s eligible salary. The Company provides for a mandatory match for each 1.00 contributed by employees of RML up to of the employee s eligible salary. The Bank or RML may increase the matching contribution at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Company expensed million, million, and million, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for 401(k) contributions and included this expense in "Salaries and other personal expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 On July 1, 1994, the Bank implemented a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for executive officers of the Bank whose retirement benefits under the 401(k) plan have been limited under provisions of the Code. Contributions to this plan totaled , , and , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These expenses are included in "Salaries and other personnel expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the accrued liability for this plan was included in "Other liabilities" and totaled million and million, respectively. 
 RML has established a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP"), under which RML has agreed to make payment to certain key executives, based on contributions made by RML to the plan. Contributions and earnings made to the participant accounts to the SERP are vested over . The Company recorded expenses of , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. RML's recorded obligation under the SERP amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in "Other liabilities". 
 In February of 2002, Northrim Bank implemented a non-qualified deferred compensation plan in which certain of the executive officers participate. Northrim Bank's net liability under this plan is dependent upon market gains and losses on assets held in the plan. Northrim Bank recognized a decrease in its liability of in 2022, an increase in its liability of in 2021, and an increase in its liability of in 2020. These changes are included in "Salaries and other personnel expense" in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the accrued liability for this plan was included in "Other liabilities" and totaled million. 
 In November of 2011, Northrim Bank implemented a Profit Sharing Plan. All employees of the Bank employed on the last day of the calendar year are eligible and will participate in the Profit Sharing Plan. The aggregate amount to be paid to employees under the Profit Sharing Plan is determined using Company-wide performance goals that are established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. If the performance goals are met for the year, profit sharing for the period 
 104 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued million and million, respectively, related to employee's paid time off benefit. The balance of the accrued liability for this plan was included in "Other liabilities" 

NOTE 18 - 
 to per covered individual. The Company has established a liability for outstanding incurred but unreported claims. While management uses what it believes are pertinent factors in estimating the liability, it is subject to change due to claim experience, type of claims, and rising medical costs. 
 Legal proceedings: The Company from time to time may be involved with disputes, claims, and litigation related to the conduct of its banking business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk: In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various types of transactions that involve financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. These instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit and are not reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. These transactions may involve to varying degrees credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount, if any, recognized in the balance sheets. Certain commitments are collateralized. We apply the same credit standards to these commitments as in all of our lending activities and include these commitments in our lending risk evaluations. Management does not anticipate any loss as a result of these commitments. 
 The Company s off-balance sheet credit risk exposure is the contractual amount of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. 
 Commitments to originate loans held for sale Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to customers. These commitments have specified interest rates and generally have fixed expiration dates but may be terminated by the Company if certain conditions of the contract are violated. Our exposure to credit loss under commitments to extend credit is represented by the amount of these commitments. Although currently subject to draw down, many of the commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Collateral held relating to these commitments varies, but generally includes real estate, inventory, accounts receivable, and equipment. 
 Mortgage loans sold to investors may be sold with servicing rights released, for which the Company makes only standard legal representations and warranties as to meeting certain underwriting and collateral documentation standards. In the past two years, the Company has had to repurchase loans due to deficiencies in underwriting or loan documentation and has not realized significant losses related to these loans. Management believes that any liabilities that may result from such recourse provisions are not significant. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Credit risk arises in these transactions from the possibility that a customer may not be able to repay the Company upon default of performance. Collateral held for standby letters of credit is based on an individual evaluation of each customer s creditworthiness. 
 105 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not expect that all of these commitments are likely to be fully drawn upon at any one time. The Company has an ACL related to these commitments and letters of credit that is recorded in "Other liabilities" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ACL for unfunded commitments was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Capital Expenditures and Commitments: At December 31, 2022, the Company has capital commitments related to new branch construction. There were no other material changes outside of the ordinary course of business to any of our material contractual obligations during 2022. 

NOTE 19 - 
 with eligible collateral, which includes cash and securities backed with the full faith and credit of the federal government. Similarly, the Company could be required to settle its obligations under the agreement if specific regulatory events occur, such as if the Company were issued a prompt corrective action directive or a cease and desist order, or if certain regulatory ratios fall below specified levels. The Company pledged and million in available for sale securities to collateralize fair value shortfalls on interest rate swap agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had interest rate swaps related to commercial loans with an aggregate notional amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the notional amount of interest rate swaps is made up of variable to fixed rate swaps to commercial loan customers totaling million, and fixed to variable rate swap with a counterparty totaling million. Changes in fair value from these interest rate swaps offset each other in both 2022 and 2021. The Company recognized , , and in fee income related to interest rate swaps in 2022 and 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest rate swap income is recorded in other operating income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. None of these interest rate swaps are designated as hedging instruments. 
 The Company has an interest rate swap to hedge the variability in cash flows arising out of its junior subordinated debentures, which is floating rate debt, by swapping the cash flows with an interest rate swap which receives floating and pays fixed. The Company has designated this interest rate swap as a hedging instrument. The interest rate swap effectively fixes the Company's interest payments on the million of junior subordinated debentures held under Trust 2 at through its maturity date. The floating rate that the dealer pays is equal to the three month LIBOR plus , which reprices quarterly on the payment date. This rate was as of December 31, 2022. The Company pledged and million in cash to collateralize initial margin and fair value exposure of our counterparty on this interest rate swap as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the fair value of this interest rate swap are reported in other comprehensive income. The unrealized gain on this interest rate swap was million and the unrealized loss on this interest rate swap was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest rate swaps related to home mortgage lending activities 
 The Company also uses derivatives to hedge the risk of changes in the fair values of interest rate lock commitments. The Company enters into commitments to originate residential mortgage loans at specific rates; the value of these commitments are detailed in the table below as "interest rate lock commitments". The Company also hedges the interest rate risk associated with its residential mortgage loan commitments, which are referred to as "retail interest rate contracts" in the table below. Market risk with respect to commitments to originate loans arises from changes in the value of contractual positions due to changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, RML had commitments to originate mortgage loans held for sale 
 106 

million and million, respectively. Changes in the value of RML's interest rate derivatives are recorded in mortgage banking income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. None of these home mortgage lending derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Retail interest rate contracts Other assets Total 
 (In Thousands) Liability Derivatives December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Fair Value Interest rate swaps Other liabilities Retail interest rate contracts Other liabilities Total 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking income ) ) Total 
 Our derivative transactions with counterparties under International Swaps and Derivative Association master agreements that include right of set-off provisions. Right of set-off provisions are legally enforceable rights to offset recognized amounts and there may be an intention to settle such amounts on a net basis. We do not offset such financial instruments for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 107 

Liability Derivatives Interest rate swaps Retail interest rate contracts December 31, 2021 Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of Financial Position (In Thousands) Gross amounts of recognized assets and liabilities Gross amounts offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the Statement of Financial Position Financial Instruments Collateral Posted Net Amount Asset Derivatives Interest rate swaps Retail interest rate contracts Liability Derivatives Interest rate swaps 

NOTE 20 - 
 million, million, and million, or per share, per share, and per share, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. On February 24, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a per share cash dividend payable on March 17, 2023, to shareholders of record on March 9, 2023. Federal and State regulations place certain limitations on the payment of dividends by the Company. 
 shares available under the stock repurchase program. However, on January 27, 2023 the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional shares of common stock. The Company intends to continue to repurchase its stock from time to time depending upon market conditions. The Company can make no assurances that it will continue this program or that it will authorize additional shares for repurchase. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and shares of common stock were repurchased, respectively. 

NOTE 21 - 
 additional grants may be issued under the prior plans. The 2020 Plan provides for grants of up to shares, which includes any shares subject to stock awards under the Company's previous stock option plans. 
 108 

-year period and vest on a pro-rata basis over the initial from the grant date. 
 The Company measures the fair value of each stock option at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the price of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and stock option forfeiture rates within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted is determined based on historical experience with similar options and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected dividend yield is based on dividend trends and the market value of the Company s common stock at the time of grant. The risk-free rate for periods within the expected life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 Expected life of options NA years years Risk-free interest rate NA Dividend yield rate NA Price volatility NA 

Granted Forfeited Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were , , and options exercisable, with weighted average exercise prices of , , and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options is the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the Company s closing stock price on December 31, 2022 and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all the option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. This amount changes based on the fair value of the Company s stock. The total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 As noted above, the Company allows stock options to be exercised through cash or cashless transactions. In each of 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company received cash for cash stock option exercises. In 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company net settled , million, and respectively, for cashless stock option exercises. The Company withheld , million, and to pay for stock option exercises or income taxes that resulted from the exercise of stock options in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , , and , respectively, in stock option compensation expense as a component of "Salaries and other personnel expense". As of 
 109 

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested options, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units: Under the 2020 Plan and previous plans, the Company grants restricted stock units to certain key employees periodically. Recipients of restricted stock units do not pay any cash consideration to the Company for the shares and receive all dividends with respect to such shares when the shares vest. Restricted stock units cliff vest at the end of a time period. 
 
 Granted Dividend equivalents awarded Vested ) Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and , respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , , and , respectively, in restricted stock unit compensation expense as a component of "Salaries and other personnel expense". As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested options, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of years. 

NOTE 22 - 
 
 110 

million trust preferred securities offerings that the Company completed in the fourth quarter of 2005 are included in the Company s capital for regulatory purposes although they are accounted for as a liability in its financial statements. The trust preferred securities are not included in the Bank's capital ratios. 
 NA NA Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) NA NA Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets) NA NA Tier I Capital (to average assets) NA NA As of December 31, 2021 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) NA NA Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) NA NA Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets) NA NA Tier I Capital (to average assets) NA NA Northrim Bank Actual Adequately-Capitalized Well-Capitalized (In Thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022: Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier I Capital (to average assets) As of December 31, 2021: Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier I Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier I Capital (to average assets) 
 
 As of the most recent notification from its regulatory agencies, the Bank was categorized as "well-capitalized" under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s regulatory capital category. Management believes, as of December 31, 2022, that the Company and Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

111 

NOTE 23 - 
 
 State Amortization of investment in low income housing tax credit partnerships Total 2021: Federal State ) Amortization of investment in low income housing tax credit partnerships Total 2020: Federal State Amortization of investment in low income housing tax credit partnerships Total 

State income taxes, net Tax-exempt interest on investment securities and loans ) ) ) Amortization of investment in low income housing tax credit partnerships, net Low income housing credits ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total 
 112 

Loan fees, net of costs ) Interest income, nonaccrual loans Deferred compensation Equity compensation Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Unrealized loss on available for sale investment securities Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities Other Total Deferred Tax Asset Deferred Tax Liability: Intangible amortization Mortgage servicing rights ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) ) Unrealized gain on available for sale investment securities ) ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Total Deferred Tax Liability Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The primary source of recovery of the deferred tax asset will be future taxable income. Management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax asset. The deferred tax asset is included in "Other assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. In 2020 the Company reversed an accrual of for a potential increase in tax expense that was recorded in 2019 related to an audit that was performed in 2018 by the State of Alaska for tax years 2014-2016. The Company appealed the initial audit decision and the appeal was ruled in the Company's favor in the first quarter of 2021. 
 The tax years subject to examination by federal taxing authorities are the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019. The tax years subject to examination by the State of Alaska are the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017. 

NOTE 24 - 
 113 

114 

Investment securities available for sale Marketable equity securities Level 2 inputs: Investment securities available for sale Investment in Federal Home Loan Bank Stock Loans held for sale Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Retail interest rate contracts Level 3 inputs: Investment securities held to maturity Loans Purchased receivables, net Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights Commercial servicing rights Financial liabilities: Level 2 inputs: Deposits Borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps Retail interest rate contracts Level 3 inputs: Junior subordinated debentures 
 
 115 

Municipal securities Corporate bonds Collateralized loan obligations Total available for sale securities Marketable equity securities Total marketable equity securities Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights Commercial servicing rights Total other assets Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Retail interest rate contracts Total other liabilities December 31, 2021 Assets: Available for sale securities U.S. Treasury and government sponsored entities Municipal securities Corporate bonds Collateralized loan obligations Total available for sale securities Marketable equity securities Total marketable equity securities Interest rate swaps Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights Commercial servicing rights Retail interest rate contracts Total other assets Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Total other liabilities 
 
 116 

Purchases and issuances Sales and settlements Ending balance December 31, 2022 Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights Commercial servicing rights Total December 31, 2021 Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage servicing rights ) Commercial servicing rights ) Total 

Total December 31, 2021 Loans individually measured for credit losses Total 
 
 The following table presents the (gains) losses resulting from nonrecurring fair value adjustments for the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 
 (In Thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Loans individually measured for credit losses Total (income) loss from nonrecurring measurements 

117 

Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate 
 Commercial servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate December 31, 2021 Interest rate lock commitment External pricing model Pull through rate Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate 
 Commercial servicing rights Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Discount rate 

118 

NOTE 25 - 
 operating segments: Community Banking and Home Mortgage Lending. The Community Banking segment's principal business focus is the offering of loan and deposit products to business and consumer customers in its primary market areas. As of December 31, 2022, the Community Banking segment operated branches throughout Alaska. The Home Mortgage Lending segment's principal business focus is the origination and sale of mortgage loans for 1-4 family residential properties. 
 
 Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Other operating income Other operating expense Income before provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income Total assets Loans held for sale 
 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) Community Banking Home Mortgage Lending Consolidated Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Benefit for credit losses ) ) Other operating income Other operating expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Total assets Loans held for sale 
 119 

Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Other operating income Compensation expense, RML acquisition payments Other operating expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Total assets Loans held for sale 

NOTE 26 - 
 Marketable equity securities Investment in Northrim Bank Investment in NISC Investment in NST2 Taxes receivable, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Junior subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders' Equity Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 120 

Equity in undistributed earnings from Northrim Bank Equity in undistributed earnings from NISC Gain on sale of marketable equity securities, net Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable equity securities ) ) Other income Total Income Expense Interest expense Administrative and other expenses Total Expense Income Before Benefit from Income Taxes Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) Net Income 
 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash: Gain on sale of securities, net ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings from subsidiaries ) ) ) Change in fair value marketable equity securities ) Stock-based compensation Changes in other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net Cash Used from Operating Activities ) ) ) Investing Activities: Purchases of marketable equity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales/calls/maturities of marketable equity securities Investment in Northrim Bank, NISC NST2 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities Financing Activities: Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net Cash Used from Financing Activities ) ) ) Net change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of year 

121 

NOTE 27 - 
 
 interest in Homestate using the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's investment in Homestate is . As of December 31, 2022, Homestate has total assets of million, total liabilities of , and total equity of million. Pretax (loss) income from Homestate included in the Company's Statements of Consolidated Net Income for 2022, 2021, and 2020 is ), , and , respectively. As of March 6, 2023, the Company has no liabilities related to the closing of Homestate, and we expect to recover the book value of our investment when Homestate is legally dissolved and its assets liquidated over the statutory three-year winding up period. The Company does not consider the disposition of its investment in Homestate to be significant to the Company's operations, and it does not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 122 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS OF ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our principal executive and financial officers supervised and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers each concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting them to material information required to be included in our periodic reports to the SEC. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon various assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any of our plans, products, services or procedures will succeed in achieving their intended goals under future conditions. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15f and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework . 
 Based on our assessment and the criteria discussed above, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the Company s effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. This report appears under Part II. Item 8 of this report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 123 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 None. 
 124 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information concerning the officers and directors of the Company required to be included in this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") within 120 days of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information concerning executive compensation and director compensation and certain matters regarding participation in the Company s compensation committee required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information concerning fees paid to our independent auditors required by this item is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of our most recently completed fiscal year. 
 125 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Financial Statements 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Exhibits 
 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 8-A filed with the SEC on January 14, 2002.) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2009.) 
 3.3 Bylaws of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 16 , 20 20 .) 
 4.1 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020.) 
 4.2 Pursuant to Item 601 (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, copies of instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt and preferred securities are not filed. The Company agrees to furnish a copy thereof to the SEC upon request. 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of December 16, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on March, 16, 2006.) 
 4.4 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security due 2036 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on March, 16, 2006.) 
 10.01 Northrim Bancorp, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on July 8, 2014.) 
 10.02 Northrim Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 6, 2017.) 
 10.03 Northrim Bancorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2020 .) 
 10.04 Employment Agreement with Joseph M. Schierhorn dated January 1, 202 3 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 20 23 .) 
 10.05 Employment Agreement with Jed Ballard dated January 1, 202 3 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 202 3 .) 
 10.06 Employment Agreement with Michael Huston dated January 1, 202 3 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 202 3 .) 
 126 

10.07 Employment Agreement with Benjamin Craig dated January 1, 202 3 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 202 3 .) 
 10.08 Employment Agreement with Michael Baldwin dated January 1, 202 3 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 3, 202 3 .) 
 10.0 9 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan originally effective as of July 1, 1994, amended effective as of January 6, 2000, January 8, 2004, January 1, 2005 and January 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2015). 
 10.10 Supplemental Executive Retirement Deferred Compensation Plan originally effective as of February 1, 2002, amended effective as of January 1, 2005 and January 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2015). 
 10.11 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to the Company's Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 27, 2020.) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 
 24.1 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 The cover page for the Company's Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 - formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 127 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Annual Report Under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Commission File Number 0-33501 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 
 State of Incorporation: Alaska 
 Employer ID Number: 92-0175752 
 3111 C Street 
 Anchorage, Alaska 99503 
 Telephone Number: (907) 562-0062 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 1.00 Par Value 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. is an accelerated filer within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. is not a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. is required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. at June 30, 2022, was 221,451,700. 
 The number of shares of Northrim BanCorp Inc. s common stock outstanding at March 6, 2023, was 5,700,728. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates into a single document the requirements of the accounting profession and the SEC. Only those sections of the Annual Report required in the following cross reference index and the information under the caption Forward Looking Statements are incorporated into this Form 10-K. 
 128 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 6, 2023. 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 
 By /s/ Joseph M. Schierhorn Joseph M. Schierhorn Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on March 6, 2023. 
 Principal Executive Officer: 
 By /s/ Joseph M. Schierhorn Joseph M. Schierhorn Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: 
 By /s/ Jed W. Ballard Jed W. Ballard Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jed W. Ballard, pursuant to the power of attorney filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 24.1, has signed this report on March 6, 2023, as attorney-in-fact for the following directors who constitute a majority of the Board of Directors. 
 Joseph M. Schierhorn 
 David J. McCambridge 
 Larry S. Cash 
 Krystal M. Nelson 
 Anthony J. Drabek 
 John C. Swalling 
 Karl L. Hanneman 
 Linda C. Thomas 
 David W. Karp 
 David G. Wight 
 Aaron M. Schutt 
 Joseph P. Marushack 
 By /s/ Jed W. Ballard Jed W. Ballard as Attorney-in-fact March 6, 2023 
 
 129 

Investor Information 
 Annual Meeting 
 Date: Thursday, May 25, 2023 Time: 9 a.m. Location: Live Webcast www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NRIM2023 
 
 Stock Symbol 
 Northrim BanCorp, Inc. s stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market under the symbol, NRIM. 
 Auditor 
 Moss Adams LLP 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 American Stock Transfer Trust Company: 1-800-937-5449 info@amstock.com 
 Legal Counsel 
 Accretive Legal, PLLC 
 Davis Wright Tremaine LLP 
 
 Information Requests 
 Below are options for obtaining Northrim s investor information: 
 Visit our home page, www.northrim.com, and click on the About Northrim and then "Investor Relations" for stock information and copies of earnings and dividend releases. 
 If you would like to have investor information mailed to you, please call our Corporate Secretary at (907) 562-0062. 
 Written requests should be mailed to the following address: 
 Corporate Secretary 
 Northrim Bank 
 P.O. Box 241489 
 Anchorage, Alaska 99524-1489 
 
 Telephone: (907) 562-0062 
 Fax: (907) 562-1758 
 Web site: http://www.northrim.com 
 130 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211subsidiaries2022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

21.1 Subsidiary of the Registrant Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Northrim Bank Alaska Northrim Investment Services Company Alaska Northrim Statutory Trust 2 Connecticut 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231consent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8, No. 333-238916, 333-218530, and 333-197299) of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. of our reports dated March 6, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Everett, Washington 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 4
 exhibit241poa2022.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following person in the capacity indicated on this 23rd day of February, 2023. 

s Joseph M. Schierhorn Joseph M. Schierhorn 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 28th day of February, 2023. 

s Larry S. Cash Larry S. Cash 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 26th day of February, 2023. 

s Anthony J. Drabek Anthony J. Drabek 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 28th day of February, 2023. 

s Karl L. Hanneman Karl L. Hanneman 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 23rd day of February, 2023. 

s David W. Karp David W. Karp 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 2nd day of March, 2023. 

s Joseph P. Marushack Joseph P. Marushack 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 23rd day of February, 2023. 

s David J. McCambridge David J. McCambridge 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 6th day of March, 2023. 

s Krystal M. Nelson Krystal M. Nelson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 27th day of February, 2023. 

s Aaron M. Schutt Aaron M. Schutt 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 1st day of March, 2023. 

s John C. Swalling John C. Swalling 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 24th day of February, 2023. 

s Linda C. Thomas Linda C. Thomas 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned Director of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company hereby appoints each of Joseph M. Schierhorn and Jed W. Ballard, and each of them, with full power to act alone, as his her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, and in his her place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute the Company s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any one of them, or their or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacity indicated on this 1st day of March, 2023. 

s David G. Wight David G. Wight 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit3112022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Joseph M. Schierhorn , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 s Joseph M. Schierhorn Joseph M. Schierhorn Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit3122022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Jed W. Ballard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 6, 2023 
 s Jed W. Ballard Jed W. Ballard Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit3212022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the report of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph M. Schierhorn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 This certification is being furnished solely to comply with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise be deemed to be filed as part of the Report or under such Acts. 
 
 s Joseph M. Schierhorn Joseph M. Schierhorn Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit3222022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the report of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jed W. Ballard, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 This certification is being furnished solely to comply with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise be deemed to be filed as part of the Report or under such Acts. 
 
 s Jed W. Ballard Jed W. Ballard Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nrim-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 nrim-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nrim-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nrim-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nrim-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

