<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1737995_0001493152-23-010295.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5808748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196242</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1031703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1750504</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1298072</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1394554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010295.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161704
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sharps Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001737995
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				823751728
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41355
		FILM NUMBER:		23787948

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 MAXESS ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE. 124
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631) 574 -4436

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 MAXESS ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE. 124
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010295.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol (s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registered is a well-known seasonal issuer, as defined
in Rule 405 the Securities Act 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , based
on the closing price on that date as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

As
of March 27 , 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Documents
incorporated by reference: . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 35 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected
costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and
you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans,
intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without
limitation, the risks set forth in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which
they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

As
used in this report, the terms Sharps we , us , our and Company mean
Sharps Technology, Inc. and/or our subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

PART
1 

Item
1. Business 

Background
and Overview 

Sharps
Technology, Inc. is a medical device company that has designed and patented various safety syringes and is seeking to commercialize them.
We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada in the first quarter of 2022. Sharps was incorporated to purchase, develop,
and commercialize a body of intellectual property resulting in a family of smart safety syringe products. Sharps closed the acquisition
of this intellectual property in the fourth quarter of 2017. The intellectual property we purchased consisted of issued patent and patent
files, new designs and iterations, samples, regulatory files, manufacturing files, product testing files, and market research files relating
to such safety syringe products. 

In
June 2020, we entered into an asset/share purchase agreement with Safegard Medical Kft. and certain other parties, and in August 2020,
October 2020, and July 2021, we entered into amendments to this agreement (as amended, the Safegard Agreement ). Under the
Safegard Agreement, we received an option to purchase either the stock of Safegard or certain assets of Safegard, including the Securegard
product line of safety syringes and a manufacturing facility in Hungary, registered with the FDA and CE, for the manufacture of safety
syringes, for 2.5 million in cash plus additional consideration of 28,571 shares of common stock and 35,714 stock options with an exercise
price of 7.00 USD. Under the Safegard Agreement, Sharps was granted the right to operate the facility in Hungary at our expense and
continued to do so through the closing date which occurred on July 6, 2022. 

Sharps 
smart safety syringe products, which we refer to as Securgard and Sharps Provensa , are ultra-low waste syringes that
incorporate both safety and reuse prevention features, which we believe will provide us a competitive advantage over other syringes.
The Sharps Securegard is a multi-feature safety syringe that had gained market acceptance prior to Sharps acquisition but not
been marketed or sold for several years due to a decision by the owners to wind down the business. It is both FDA and WHO approved
and carries the European CE Mark. The Sharps Provensa is a patented safety syringe that gained FDA clearance for subcutaneous and
intramuscular injections in June 2006. Both of these product lines are focused on innovatively addressing the important needs of the
global healthcare market in the area of disposable syringes. 

On
September 29, 2022, the Sharps Technology entered into an agreement (the Nephron Agreement with InjectEZ, LLC InjectEZ ),
Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation NPC ), Nephron SC, Inc. NSC ), and Nephron Sterile Compounding Center
LLC Sterile (NPC, NSC, and Sterile are sometimes collectively referred to as Nephron ), pursuant to which
Sharps will provide technical advice and assistance to support manufacturing by InjectEZ, purchase certain quantities of syringes as
they may order or require, and collaborate with Nephron on certain related business endeavors. The Nephron Agreement is for a period
of four (4) years, expiring on September 28, 2026 and continues thereafter for successive one (1) year periods. The Agreement includes
provisions for collaborations in the areas of Manufacturing and Supply, a Pharma Services Program, and Distribution, as detailed below.
NPC is a West Columbia, S.C.-based company that develops and produces safe, affordable generic inhalation solutions and suspension products.
NPC also operates an industry-leading 503B Outsourcing Facility division, which produces pre-filled sterile syringes, luer-lock vials,
IV bottles and IV bags for hospitals across America, in an effort to alleviate drug shortage needs. NPC launched a CLIA-certified diagnostics
lab in 2020 where it tests people for COVID-19 and administers vaccinations. 

Through
the Nephron Agreement, Sharps is entering into a manufacturing and supply agreement with InjectEZ regarding the development and manufacture
of high value pre-fillable syringe systems that can be used by the healthcare industry, pharmaceutical markets and including Nephron
on terms agreed upon by the parties. The Nephron Agreement will allow for the supply of the pre-fillable systems of different sizes and
with specialized technology that will be compatible with industry standards and technology beginning in the third quarter, as recently
advised by Nephron. The Agreement also allows for further expansion of manufacturing capabilities by Sharps Technology working with InjectEZ
to support future industry and customer demand of pre-fillable systems as detailed in the Agreement. 

Additionally,
Sharps is entering into a Pharma Services Program (PSP) with Nephron that will create new business development growth opportunities for
both companies. These opportunities will include the development and sale of next generation drug delivery systems that will be produced
by Sharps and can be purchased by the healthcare industry, pharmaceutical markets, as well as by Nephron. 

4 

On
December 8, 2022, Sharps entered into a distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement with Nephron Pharmaceuticals
pursuant to which the Sharps Technology appointed Nephron as its exclusive distributor for the sale and distribution of the products
subject to the Distribution Agreement in and throughout the United States. Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, the price of shipping
products will be based on the cost of delivery to Nephron s warehouse and the Company will pay for the cost of delivery to Nephron.
The Distribution Agreement has a term of two years and will continue in effect unless either party notifies the other party of its desire
to terminate. At any time and for any reason, either party can terminate the Distribution Agreement after thirty (30) days notice
and in the event of a breach of any of the Distribution Agreement s terms and provisions, either party can terminate the Distribution
Agreement by providing 90 days written notice. The Company has the right to terminate the Distribution Agreement with 60 days written
notice in the event that certain conditions are met as set forth in the Distribution. 

Although
we currently have production capacity for our products and thus ability to receive and fulfill orders, we expect that the proceeds from
the February 2023 Private Placement will allow us to further increase our production capacity. This will help us to generate and fulfill
orders for our current product line and advance our new, innovative products in connection with recent collaboration arrangements with
Nephron Pharmaceuticals. We are currently building inventory though our Distribution Agreement with Nephron and anticipate that we will
commence receiving orders for and continue producing commercial quantities of our products in the second quarter of 2022. 

We
continue to be in discussions with healthcare companies and distributors for sales of our disposable syringe products. We intend to market
these products to the US and foreign governments. In certain situations, we will also look to sell our disposable syringe products to
hospitals and clinician offices as opportunities present themselves. 

We
expect that the Sharps Securegard product line will represent our initial disposable syringe platform to be commercially available to
the market. The Securegard platform has an advanced set of features and benefits to support the needs of the market along with a high
level of readiness for manufacturing and the ability to provide large commercial quantities for customers. 

There
have been delays in the commercialization of the Sharps Provensa product line. The Provensa product s combination of specialized
technology has created the need for further optimization related to the final assembly steps for the product. This was identified as
we moved towards commercialization for the product line and the need to generate production quantities to support customer orders. This
type of delay is typical with the development of new technology for the healthcare market to ensure the products are safe and effective
for use every time. We are endeavoring to address all obstacles to advance the commercialization of the Provensa product line as soon
as possible. 

Our
Products 

DISPOSABLE
SYRINGES: 

Smart
safety disposable syringes with Ultra-low waste space technology are the preferred syringe platform for the administration of many vaccines
and injectable medications. Their design inherently reduces the amount of thrown way, wasted therapies and thus improves the supply of
crucial and in-demand medicines. Both syringe lines carry less than 20 microliters of dead space, as compared to the 70 microliters Low
Dead Space designation and the up 140 microliters dead space found in competitors syringes. In addition, both passive and
active safety features are those most requested by clinicians in the field, in order to avoid infectious needlestick injuries, and reuse
prevention features are a requirement by the World Health Organization. 

The
Sharps Securegard and Provensa safety syringe product lines have been designed to address the three primary administration concerns with
syringe delivery systems: 

1.
 Accidental needlestick injuries: these occur when the clinician is stuck with an infected needle. According to the WHO, these
accidents likely take place in excess of 2 million times per year. When a clinician receives an infectious needlestick injury, any blood
borne disease which the patient had, could be transmitted to them. A 2016 World Health Organization Commission reported that over 16
billion injections are delivered worldwide each year (pre-Covid era). A recent analysis showed that 55.1 of healthcare workers had sustained
a needlestick injury, or NSI, at some point in their career. Over one million healthcare worker NSIs are documented each year in the
US and Europe and over 3 million worldwide with the true incidence believed to be more than double those numbers as over half of injuries
go unreported. US data on injury trends disturbingly show recent worsening despite safety campaigns and protocols. In a 2016 study, economic
analysis has placed the average cost of an NSI at 747 (direct plus indirect costs) and strongly supported the use of safety-engineered
devices for injection. Low compliance with recommended safety protocols can be seen upon examination of injury data where a majority
of injuries continue to occur with non-safety devices or before full activation of a safety-protection feature. 

5 

2.
 Wasted medicine/dead space: all needle and syringes have space which permits the accumulation of injectable medications which
cannot be accessed and are thrown away with each injection. Both Sharps Securegard and Provensa have less than 20 microliters of waste
space - others have as much as 140 microliters of waste space. Without knowing what syringe is going to be used, pharmaceutical companies
must overfill their vials to account for this loss. For difficult to manufacture injectable medications, this reduces the number of life
saving doses which could be available to the public. When doses are extremely small, waste space can exceed the required dose. That means
more medications are being thrown away than injected into the patient. When healthcare providers use ultra-low waste syringes with multi-dose
vials it allows for the availability of up to 20 to 40 more medication for patients that need the treatment. 

3.
 Reuse prevention : the reuse of a needle or syringe puts patients and populations in danger of contracting debilitating and deadly
bloodborne diseases such as Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, and possibly HIV. Both passive and active features are designed into Sharps syringes
to eliminate this risk. Reuse prevention is recognized by the WHO as a required feature for its syringe distribution programs and the
Securegard product line has been approved by the organization. 

PREFILLABLE
SYRINGES: 

Sharps
Technology is poised to expand its commercialized product portfolio through its collaboration with Nephron Pharmaceuticals. The Sharps-Nephron
manufacturing and supply agreement is focused on the development and manufacture of high value pre-fillable syringe systems that are
highly sought after by the healthcare industry and pharmaceutical markets, with projected product supply beginning the 4 th 
quarter of 2023. Plans are already being developed by Sharps for further expansion of its current manufacturing capabilities to support
the anticipated future industry and customer demand for pre-fillable syringe systems capable of incorporating passive safety, low waste,
and reuse prevention features as applicable. The prefillable syringe lines will utilize highly automated equipment and controlled environments
established in collaboration with Nephron. These premium offerings will be made from what the Company believes to be the highest quality
raw materials, on the most innovative technology, and will be compliant with the USP standards required in the United States as well
as the EP and JP international standards. The products provide an alternative high-quality solution to glass syringes by utilizing inert
polymers such as Cyclic Olefin Polymer (COP) and Cyclic Olefin Copolymer (COC). These polymer syringes have many of the same characteristics
as current pharmaceutical glass to support long term drug stability. The product pipeline includes 1mL short, 2.25mL, 5 mL, 10ml and
50ml volumetric sizes, silicone free systems and ophthalmic drug delivery for the ever-growing cosmetics market, dual chamber systems
for lyophilized products, and custom container solutions for autoinjectors. 

Competitive
Environment 

We
anticipate our major domestic competitors will include Retractable Technologies, Inc., Becton Dickinson Company, Medtronic Minimally
Invasive Therapies Medtronic, formerly known as Covidien), Terumo Medical Corp., Smiths Medical, and B Braun. Our competitors
may have greater financial resources, larger and more established sales, marketing, and distribution organizations; and greater market
influence, including long-term and/or exclusive contracts. 

We
anticipate that we will compete primarily on the basis of healthcare worker and patient safety, product performance, and quality. We
believe our competitive advantages will include the combination of passive safety and ultra low waste features. 

Government
Regulations 

In
the United States, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, FDA regulations and other federal and state statutes and regulations
govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval,
registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, and
post-market surveillance. The FDA regulates the design, manufacturing, servicing, sale and distribution of medical devices. Failure to
comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal
to approve pending applications, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution,
injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

6 

Unless
an exemption applies, each medical device we wish to distribute commercially in the United States will require marketing
authorization from the FDA prior to distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a device are
premarket notification, also called 510k clearance, and premarket approval, also called PMA approval. The type of marketing
authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes
(Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the level of regulatory
control deemed necessary to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. Devices requiring fewer controls because they are
deemed to pose lower risk are placed in Class I or II. Class I devices are deemed to pose the least risk and are subject only to
general controls applicable to all devices, such as requirements for device labeling, premarket notification and adherence to the
FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, known as the Quality System Regulations, or QSR. Class II devices are
intermediate risk devices that are subject to general controls and may also be subject to special controls such as performance
standards, product-specific guidance documents, special labeling requirements, patient registries or post-market surveillance. Class
III devices are those for which insufficient information exists to assure safety and effectiveness solely through general or special
controls and include life sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices, devices of substantial importance in preventing
impairment of human health, or which present a potential, unreasonable risk of illness or injury. Our Sharps Provensa has been
cleared by the FDA under the 510k premarket notification process (Class II). 

Outside
of the United States, our ability to market our products will be contingent also upon our receiving marketing authorizations from the
appropriate foreign regulatory authorities, whether or not FDA approval or clearance has been obtained. The foreign regulatory approval
process in most industrialized countries generally encompasses risks similar to those we will encounter in the FDA approval or clearance
process. The requirements governing conduct of clinical trials and marketing authorizations, and the time required to obtain requisite
approvals, may vary widely from country to country and differ from those required for FDA approval or clearance. 

The
sale of medical products is subject to laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including state and federal anti-kickback,
anti-self-referral, and false claims laws in the United States. 

Intellectual
Property 

Intellectual
property rights, particularly patent rights, are material to our business. We own three patents used in the Sharps Provensa, which expire
between 2035 and 2040. Our issued patents include a design patent (USD743,025) for the ornamental design for a safety syringe, a patent
(US 10,980,950) for an ultra low-waste needle and syringe system that automatically and passively renders a needle safe during the injection
process, and a patent (US 11,154,663) for a pre-filled safety needle and syringe system. 

We
have three additional pending patent applications in the United States and one PCT (Patent Cooperation Treaty) patent application. The
patent applications, which we own, have an anticipated expiration date of June 22, 2040. The pending patent applications are for (i)
an ultra-low waste disposable syringe with self-adjusting integrating safety features, (ii) an ultra-low waste disposable safety syringe
for low dose injections, and (iii) a needle and syringe system with automatic safety shield that renders a needle safe. Our pending patent
applications are for utility patents. With respect to the last of these patent applications, we have, in addition to our United States
patent application, also filed a PCT patent application. A PCT application is a single utility patent filing that provides international
patent-pending status. By itself, a PCT application will not lead to foreign patents. To obtain foreign patents for this PCT patent application,
we will need to file individual patent applications at a later time. 

We
have certain trademarks for Sharps Provensa, Sharps Provensa Ultra-Low Waste and filed applications to register other trademarks for
use in our Sharps Provensa product line. 

Human
Capital 

We
have fifty-eight full-time employees, one of which is our Chief Executive Officer, and retain the services of additional personnel
on an independent contractor basis to support R D, Finance, Marketing and Regulatory areas. We do not have any part-time employees.
Of the fifty-eight employees, fifty-two work at our facilities in Hungary. We expect to add additional employees in order to increase
production capacity. 

7 

Impact
of COVID-19 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak has adversely
affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally leading to an economic downturn in certain industries and countries. It
is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s
business or ability to raise funds. Management continues to monitor the situation but has not experienced a significant disruption to
its product development efforts. 

Reincorporation
and Reverse Split 

Prior
to March 22, 2022, we were a Wyoming corporation and on March 22, 2022, we reincorporated as a Nevada corporation pursuant to a merger
into a newly formed Nevada corporation which was approved by our board of directors and the holders of the majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Corporate
Information 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on December 16, 2017. On March 22, 2022, we reincorporated as a Nevada corporation.
Our principal business address is 105 Maxess Road, Melville, New York 11747. We maintain our corporate website at sharpstechnology.com.
The reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only. The information that can be accessed through our website is not part
of this prospectus, and investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our securities. 

Available
Information 

The
address of our principal executive office is 105 Maxess Road, Melville, New York 11747. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq under the symbol STSS . We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements
and other information with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available to the public
on the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Our
corporate website is located at www.sharpstechnology.com (this website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the
information contained on our website is not intended to be a part of this Report ). We make available free of charge on https://ir.STSS.com//
our annual, quarterly, and current reports, and amendments to those reports if any, as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We may from time to time provide important disclosures to investors by posting them
in the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information included herein as well as the information included in
other reports and filings made with the SEC before investing in our common stock. The following factors, as well as other factors affecting
our operating results and financial condition, could cause our actual future results and financial condition to differ materially from
those projected. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, should they materialize, and you may
lose part or all of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Technology, Business, and Industry 

We
are an early-stage company with a history of losses. 

We
incurred net losses of 4,639,662 and 4,664,412 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. We have not generated any revenue to date, and we had accumulated deficit of 15,307,366
 as of December 31, 2022. We have developed our Sharps Provensa product line but there can be no assurance that it will be commercially
successful. Our potential profitability is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

8 

If
we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the value of our business and common stock may significantly decrease. 

We
have a limited operating history and we may not succeed. 

We
have a limited operating history, and we may not succeed. We have not yet commercialized our Sharps Provensa or other products. You should
consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like
us, are in their early stages. For example, unanticipated expenses, problems, and technical difficulties may occur and they may result
in material challenges to our business. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement
our operating strategies. If we fail to do so, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions
and results of operation. We may never generate significant revenues or achieve profitability. 

We
may not succeed in commercializing Sharps syringe products or any future product. 

We
may face difficulties or delays in the commercialization of Sharps Provensa or any future products, which could result in our inability
to timely offer products or services that satisfy the market. We may, for example, encounter difficulties due to: 

our inability to adequately
 market our products; 

our inability to effectively
 scale manufacturing as needed to maintain an adequate commercial supply of our products; 

our inability to attract
 and retain skilled support team, marketing staff and sales force necessary to increase the market for our products and to maintain
 market acceptance for our products; and 

the difficulty of establishing
 brand recognition and loyalty for our products. 

In
addition, to increase our production capacity, we will need to build inventory, which will require that we purchase certain additional
equipment, including molding machines and molds. We have not received any orders to date. Even if we succeed in building inventory, and
increasing our production capacity, there is no assurance we will receive any orders for our Sharps Provensa or any future products. 

We
may encounter significant competition and may not be able to successfully compete. 

There
are many medical device companies offering safety syringes, and more competitors are likely to arrive. Some of our competitors have
considerably more financial resources than us. As a result, we may not be able to successfully compete in our market, which could
result in our failure to successfully commercialize Sharps disposable syringe products or otherwise fail to successfully compete. We
anticipate that our major domestic competitors will include Retractable Technologies, Inc., Becton, Dickinson Company,
Medtronic Minimally Invasive Therapies, Terumo Medical Corp., Smiths Medical, and B Braun. There can be no assurances that we will
be able to compete successfully in this environment. 

We
are vulnerable to new technologies. 

Because
we have a narrow focus on particular product lines and technology (currently, safety needle products), we are vulnerable to the development
of superior or similar competing products and to changes in technology which could eliminate or reduce the need for our products. If
a superior or similar technology is created, the demand for our products could be adversely affected. 

We
are subject to product liability risk. 

As
a manufacturer and provider of safety needle products, we will face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims.
Additionally, our success will depend on the quality, reliability, and safety of our products and defects in our products could damage
our reputation. If a product liability claim is made and damages are in excess of our product liability coverage (which is currently
 5 million, and which we may increase as we commence and increase sales of our products), our competitive position could be weakened
by the amount of money we could be required to pay to compensate those injured by our products. In the event of a recall, we have recall
insurance. 

9 

Our
business may be affected by changes in the health care regulatory environment. 

In
the U.S. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, reform existing reimbursement programs,
and/or make changes to patient access to health care, all of which could adversely affect the demand for our products and/or put downward
pressure on our prices. Future healthcare rulemaking could affect our business. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future
rulemaking or changes in the law. 

The
approval process for medical device products outside the United States varies among countries and may limit our ability to develop, manufacture
and sell our products internationally. Failure to obtain marketing and regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent
our products from being marketed abroad. 

In
order to market and sell our syringe product line and any additional medical device products we may develop in the future in
the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we, and our collaborators, must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with
numerous and varying regulatory requirements. We have not yet received approval or clearance to sell our products in any jurisdiction
outside the United States. The approval procedure varies among countries and may involve additional testing. We may conduct clinical
trials for, and seek regulatory approval to market, our product candidates in countries other than the United States. If we or our collaborators
seek marketing approval for a product candidate outside the United States, we will be subject to the regulatory requirements of health
authorities in each country in which we seek approval. With respect to marketing authorizations in Europe, we will be required to submit
a European Marketing Authorisation Application, or MAA, to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, which conducts a validation and scientific
approval process in evaluating a product for safety and efficacy. The approval procedure varies among regions and countries and may involve
additional testing, and the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval or clearance. In addition,
marketing approval or clearance by the FDA does not ensure approval or clearance by the health authorities of any other country. 

Ongoing
regulation of our products may limit how we market our products, which could materially impair our ability to generate revenue. 

Approval
or clearance of a medical device product may carry conditions that limit the market for the product or put the product at a
competitive disadvantage relative to alternative products. For instance, a regulatory approval or clearance may limit the indicated
uses for which we can market a product or the patient population that may utilize the product. These restrictions could make it more
difficult to market any product effectively. Accordingly, we expect to continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of
regulatory compliance. 

We
are dependent on our management; without whose services our business operations could cease. 

At
this time, our management is wholly responsible for the development and execution of our business plan. If our management should choose
to leave us for any reason before we have hired additional personnel, our operations may fail. Even if we are able to find additional
personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find qualified management who could develop our business along the lines described herein
or who would be willing to work for compensation the Company could afford. Without such management, the Company could be forced to cease
operations and investors in our common stock or other securities could lose their entire investment. 

We
may not be able to raise capital as needed to develop our products or maintain our operations. 

We
expect that we will need to raise additional funds to execute our business plan and expand our operations. Additional financing may not
be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. If we cannot raise needed funds on acceptable terms, the Company s business and
prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

Health
care crises could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Particularly
during 2020, several states and local jurisdictions imposed, and others in the future may impose, shelter-in-place 
orders, quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of
COVID-19. Although the manufacturing facility we operate has continued to operate during the 2020-2021 COVID-19 pandemic due to its
status as an essential business, we continue to monitor the evolving situation and cannot guarantee that the situation would be the
same for any future pandemic. In the future, we may elect or be required to close temporarily which would result in a disruption in
our activities and operations. Our supply chain, including transportation channels, may be impacted by any such restrictions as
well. Any such disruption could impact our sales and operating results. 

10 

Widespread
health crises also negatively affect economies which could affect demand for our products. While we plan to market our Sharps smart
safety syringe products for use for injecting medicines as well as Covid-19 and other vaccines, in the event of a resurgence of
COVID-19 or in the case of any future pandemic, there is no guarantee that revenues from syringes needed for vaccines would offset
the effects to our business in a global economic decline. 

Health
systems and other healthcare providers in our markets that provide procedures that may use our products have suffered financially
and operationally and may not be able to return to pre-pandemic levels of operations. Travel and import restrictions may also
disrupt our ability to manufacture or distribute our devices. Any import or export or other cargo restrictions related to our
products, or the raw materials used to manufacture our products could restrict our ability to manufacture and ship products and harm
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
key personnel and other employees could still be affected by COVID-19 or any future pandemic, which could affect our ability to operate
efficiently. 

Our
business may be adversely affected by uncertainties in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights. 

We
believe our main competitive strength is our technology, including patent protection and trade secrets relating to the manufacture and
design of our products. We are dependent on patent rights to prevent unlawful copying of our products, and if the patent rights are invalidated
or circumvented, our business would be adversely affected. We consider patent protection to be of material importance in the design,
development, and marketing of our products. 

Our
patent pending applications may not issue as patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from
commercially exploiting products similar to ours. 

We
have three issued patents, three pending patent applications in the United States, and one PCT (Patent Cooperation Treaty) patent application.
We cannot be certain that we are the first inventor of the subject matter to which we have filed a particular patent application, or
if we are the first party to file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application to the same subject matter
as we have, we may not be entitled to the protection sought by the patent application. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent
claims is often difficult to determine. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will issue, or that
our issued patents will be broad enough to protect our proprietary rights or otherwise afford protection against competitors with similar
technology. In addition, the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Our competitors
may challenge or seek to invalidate our issued patents, or design around our issued patents, which may adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition or operating results. Also, the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention
agreements, or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable. 

Illegal
distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our products could have a negative impact on us. 

Third
parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing
standards. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

Our
common stock could be subject to extreme volatility. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including events described in the risk factors set forth
in this annual report, as well as our operating results, financial condition and other events or factors. In addition to the
uncertainties relating to future operating performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations in interim
financial results or various, as yet unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the
market price of our common stock. In recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in
particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market
price of our common stock and wide bid-ask spreads. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common
stock. In addition, the securities market has, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not
related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

11 

We
have never paid common stock dividends and have no plans to pay dividends in the future, as a result our common stock may be less valuable
because a return on an investor s investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Holders
of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. To date, we have
paid no cash dividends on our shares of common stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to provide funds for operations of our business. Therefore, any
return investors in our common stock will be in the form of appreciation, if any, in the market value of our shares of common stock.
There can be no assurance that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our
stockholders have purchased their shares. 

Our
shares will be subject to potential delisting if we do not maintain the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Nasdaq
has rules for continued listing, including, without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements. Failure to maintain
our listing, or de-listing from Nasdaq, would make it more difficult for shareholders to dispose of our common stock and more difficult
to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Our ability
to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future,
may also be materially and adversely affected if our common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

As
a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting,
and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a
result, the value of our common stock. 

We
will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year that coincides with the filing of
our second annual report on Form 10-K. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our
management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm may be
required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our first annual report required to be
filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. We have not yet commenced the
costly and time-consuming process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to
comply with Section 404, and we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion
once initiated. Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management
efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with
appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and compile the system and process documentation necessary
to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. 

Our
current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In
addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we
establish new business processes, systems and controls to accommodate such changes. Additionally, if these new systems, controls or
standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could
adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports or the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any
new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues
that may arise. 

12 

Any
failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition
or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose
investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and
we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies,
could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

A
sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of the common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could fall.
These sales also may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price
that we deem reasonable or appropriate. Stockholders who have held their shares for at least six months are able to sell their
shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. We have registered under separate registration statements in aggregate up to
4,497,042 shares of our common stock for sale into the public market (2,248,521 of which are issuable upon the exercise of warrants)
by certain selling stockholders named therein. These shares represent a large number of shares of our common stock, and if sold in
the market all at once or at about the same time, could depress the market price of our common stock during the period the
registration statement remains effective and could also affect our ability to raise equity capital. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our financial condition or results of operations; 

variance in our financial
 performance from expectations of securities analysts; 

changes in our projected
 operating and financial results; 

changes in laws or regulations
 applicable to our products; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new products; 

sales of shares of our
 common stock by us or our shareholders, as well as the anticipation of lock-up releases; 

our involvement in litigation; 

future sales of our common
 stock by us or our stockholders; 

changes in senior management
 or key personnel; 

the trading volume of our
 common stock; 

changes in the anticipated
 future size and growth rate of our market; 

general economic and market
 conditions; and 

other events or factors,
 including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, global pandemics or responses to these events. 

13 

Broad
market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact
the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies who have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities
have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result
in substantial expenses and divert our management s attention. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and we do not anticipate paying any dividends to holders of our common stock in the
foreseeable future. While our future dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, we currently
anticipate that we will retain any earnings to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our business plan. Investors
should take note of the fact that a lack of a dividend can further affect the market value of our common stock and could significantly
affect the value of any investment in the Company. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
has the authority to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. 1 share of preferred stock
is designated Series A Preferred Stock and is outstanding. Our board of directors could authorize the creation of additional series of
preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the right to our assets upon liquidation, or the right to receive dividend
payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock. In addition, subject to the rules of any securities exchange
on which our stock is then listed, our board of directors could authorize the creation of additional series of preferred stock that has
greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power
of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

The
holder of our Series A Preferred Stock has 29.5 of the voting power of our stockholders for the election of directors
and will have certain senior rights upon sale of our Company under certain conditions. 

There
is 1 share of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, which is held by our co-chairman and chief operating officer, Alan Blackman.
The Series A Preferred Stock entitles the holder to 29.5 of the voting power of the Company s stockholders only as it relates
to the elections of directors. As a result, Mr. Blackman is able to exert substantial influence over the election of directors to the
Board. 

Further,
the Series A Preferred Stock, provides that in the event the Company is sold during the two year period commencing on April 19, 2023,
at a price per share of more than 500 of 4.25, the Series A Preferred Stock will entitle the holder to 10 of the total purchase price.
This may reduce the value of our common stock, as other holders, in the event of such an acquisition, will be entitled to a lower price
per share than they would otherwise receive. 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, if they choose to act together, have the ability to control or significantly
influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 23 of our common stock.
Such persons acting together, will have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for
approval, as well as our management and business affairs. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discouraging
a potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our business, even if such a transaction
would benefit other stockholders. 

14 

Additional
stock offerings in the future may dilute then-existing shareholders percentage ownership of the Company. 

Given
our plans and expectations that we will need additional capital and personnel, we anticipate that we will need to issue additional shares
of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, including convertible preferred stock, convertible
notes, stock options or warrants. The issuance of additional securities in the future will dilute the percentage ownership of then current
stockholders. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging-growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, 
including the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to
Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our consolidated financial
statements will not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new
or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors.
In addition, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging-growth company until the earliest of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of
our IPO; (2) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue is 1.07 billion or more; (3) the date on which
we have, during the previous rolling three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (4) the date
we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of choosing to rely on these exemptions. For example,
if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations will not be as comparable to the results of
operations of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Description
of Property 

We
lease office space, on a month-to-month basis, at 105 Maxess Road, Melville, New York 11747. Our monthly rent is 200. 

We
own and operate a 41,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Hungary acquired in July 2022, which we previously used for development
and testing of our products and we currently use primarily for the manufacture of our products. We are prepared to
move our owned molds, machinery and equipment to an alternative manufacturing location if necessary. See Item 1. Business - Background
and Overview. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
know of no other material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any other
material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no other proceedings in which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates,
or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol STSS and STSSW, respectively.
Our common stock and warrants commenced trading on April 14, 2022. The following tables sets forth the closing high and low price of
the Company common stock and warrants, respectively, for the periods indicated as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Markets Exchange. 

Common
Stock Closing Prices 

2022 

High 
 Low 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.43 
 0.83 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.44 
 0.95 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.37 
 1.02 

Warrants Closing Prices 

2022 

High 
 Low 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.67 
 0.25 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.48 
 0.15 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.42 
 0.13 

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were 11,655,936 common shares issued and outstanding and approximately 117 shareholders of record. Because many
of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, this number is not indicative of
the total number of stockholders represented by these stockholders of record. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any and have no present intention of paying any dividends on our capital stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings,
if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. As a result, we anticipate that only appreciation of the price
of our common stock, if any, will provide a return to investors for at least the foreseeable future. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Sale of Registered Securities 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company s initial public offering IPO was declared effective by the SEC pursuant to which the
Company issued and sold an aggregate of 3,750,000 units, each consisting of one share of common stock and two warrants, to purchase
one share of common stock for each whole warrant, with an initial exercise price of 4.25 per share and a term of five years. In addition,
the Company granted Aegis Capital Corp., as underwriter a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 15 of the number of shares
included in the units sold in the offering, and/or additional warrants equal to 15 of the number of warrants included in the units sold
in the offering, in each case solely to cover over-allotments, which the Aegis Capital Corp. partially exercised with respect to 1,125,000
warrants on April 19, 2022. The IPO generated aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 16 million. After deducting underwriting discounts,
commissions and offering costs incurred by us of approximately 1.7 million the net proceeds from the offering were approximately 14.2
million. Aegis Capital Corp. acted as the underwriter of the offering. No offering costs were paid or are payable, directly, or
indirectly, to our directors or officers, to persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities, or to any of our affiliates. 

There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds
from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. Upon receipt, the net proceeds from our IPO were
held in cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, we have used approximately 10 million of the net proceeds from the IPO. Pending
such uses, we plan to continue investing the unused proceeds from the IPO in fixed, non-speculative income instruments and money market
funds. 

On February 3, 2023,
we completed a securities purchase agreement Offering with institutional investors and received net proceeds from the
Offering were approximately 3.2 million, net of 600,000 in fees relating to the placement agent and other offering expenses. The Offering
was priced at the market under Nasdaq rules. In connection with the Offering, we issued 2,248,521 units at a purchase price of 1.69
per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one non-tradable warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at a
price of 1.56. The warrants have a term of five years from the issuance date. (See Notes 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

No
unregistered equity securities were issued during the April 19, 2022 through March 27, 2023 except for the 235,000 shares issued
in connection with services provided to the Company. 

During
2022, the Company issued 367,500 stock options at exercise prices ranging from 1.08 to 4.25. 

During
2021, the Company completed stock subscriptions through a private placement for 487,204 shares of common stock at 7.00 per share. In
addition, the Company issued 71,429 shares to a vendor for engineering and design services provided for equipment and for partial payments
for equipment begin manufactured, 28,571 shares related to an acquisition and 2,857 shares for services. 

During
2021, the Company granted 511,764 stock options at an exercise price of 7.00, including 71,248 stock options granted to a vendor relating
to an equipment purchase, 114,285 stock options under an executive employment agreement and 35,714 options relating to an acquisition
agreement. 

16 

The
offers, sales, and issuances of the above securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering, or in reliance on Rule 701 promulgated under Section
3(b) of the Securities Act because the transactions were pursuant to compensatory benefit plans or contracts relating to compensation
as provided under Rule 701. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information required by this item with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth in
Part III, Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition,
liquidity and cash flows of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, and our refer to Sharps Technology, Inc. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and
plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, projects, will, would and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions
and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
the risks set forth in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are
made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements . 

Overview 

Since
our inception in 2017, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to the research and development of our safety syringe products.
To date, we have generated no revenue. We have incurred net losses in each year of 4,639,662 and 4,664,412 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Substantially all of our net losses resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and
development efforts, payroll and consulting fees, stock compensation and general and administrative costs associated with our operations,
 including costs incurred for being a public company since April 14, 2022. See below Initial Public
Offering, Liquidity and Capital Resources and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
classify our operating expenses as research and development, and general and administrative expenses. We maintain a corporate office
located in Melville, New York, but employees and consultants in the US work remotely and will continue to do so indefinitely. In
June 2020, in connection with the agreement to acquire Safegard, a former syringe manufacturing facility in Hungary, which was
completed on July 6, 2022, we were contractually provided the exclusive use of the facility for research and development and testing
in exchange for payment of the seller s operating costs, including among others, use of Safegard s work force, utility
costs and other services. 

In
order to compete in the market, we must build inventory. Commencing in the 4 th Quarter of 2022 we have started building inventory.
We require commercial quantities of inventory to secure orders. Delivery is expected shortly after receiving orders. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expense consists of expenses incurred while performing research and development activities for our various syringe products.
We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Our research and development expense primarily consist of: 

Manufacturing and testing
 costs and related supplies and materials; 

Consulting fees paid for
 our Chief Technology Officer; 

Operating
costs paid to Safegard, through the acquisition date for use of Safegard s workforce, utilities and other services, relating to
the facility being utilized; and 

Third-party
costs, including engineering, incurred for development and design. 

Substantially
all of our research and development expenses to date have been incurred in connection with our syringe products. We expect our research
and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we continue to enhance our product to meet the market requirements
for our Sharps Provensa product line for its various intended uses throughout the world. 

17 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
April 13, 2022, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-263715), as amended, related to our IPO was declared effective by
the SEC, and our common stock and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, on April 14, 2022. Our IPO closed on
April 19, 2022. Net proceeds from the IPO were approximately 14.2 million. In connection with the closing of the IPO, the Company used
net proceeds to repay the Note Payable of 2 million. 

Recent
Development 

On
September 29, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement (the NPC Agreement with Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation NPC and various affiliates of NPC, including InjectEZ, LLC, that we believe will provide multiple future opportunities
for the Company. The NPC Agreement is for a period of four (4) years, expiring on September 28, 2026, and continues thereafter for successive
one (1) year periods. 

The
NPC Agreement is intended to support several areas of the Company s development and growth. The Company and NPC intend to
supplement the NPC Agreement by entering into a manufacturing supply agreement, a sales and distribution agreement and a pharma
services program to support growth, and a future agreement to support manufacturing expansion. 

The
manufacturing and supply agreement will be focused on the development and manufacture of high value pre-fillable syringe systems that
can be utilized by Nephron which are highly sought after by the healthcare industry and pharmaceutical markets, with projected product
supply beginning in mid-2023. The syringe lines will utilize highly automated equipment and controlled environments established by Nephron.
These premium offerings will be made from what we believe are the highest quality raw materials, on the most innovative technology. These
products will be compliant with the USP standards required in the United States, as well as the EP and JP international standards, as applicable The
products that the Company and Nephron intend to develop and commercialize are designed to provide solutions to support Nephron s
current fill/finish strategies, as well as their pipeline of new drug applications, and sets forward a strategy to support branded pharma
and advanced therapies including ophthalmic and biologic applications. Our seasoned understanding of pharma fill/finish processes and
equipment and strong connections with preferred component suppliers and large pharmaceutical companies sets the groundwork for an effective
market strategy in partnership with Nephron. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company completed the sales and distribution agreement (the Distribution Agreement portion of the
overall agreement with Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation and Nephron SC, Inc. (collectively, Nephron ), pursuant to which
the Company appointed Nephron as its exclusive distributor for the sale and distribution of the products subject to the Distribution
Agreement in and throughout the United States. Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, the price of shipping products will be based on
the cost of delivery to Nephron s warehouse and the Company will pay for the cost of delivery to Nephron. The Distribution Agreement
has a term of two years and will continue in effect unless either party notifies the other party of its desire to terminate. At any time
and for any reason, either party can terminate the Distribution Agreement after thirty (30) days notice and in the event of a
breach of any of the Distribution Agreement s terms and provisions, either party can terminate the Distribution Agreement by providing
90 days written notice. The Company has the right to terminate the Distribution Agreement with 60 days written notice in the event that
certain conditions are met as set forth in the Distribution Agreement. 

The
Company s collaboration will include the creation of a Pharma Services Program (PSP) designed to support Healthcare customers that
need innovative solutions and products to support their business. This program will create new business development growth opportunities
for both companies. We believe that these opportunities for the Company will include the development and sale of next generation drug
delivery systems for Nephron products, the healthcare industry, and pharmaceutical markets. The development of the program will help
create new fill/finish project opportunities that will utilize innovative packaging solutions developed by the Company. These new customer
projects will help create a future pipeline of growth for both companies working together. Initial, and currently confidential, projects
have been identified and will be further developed through the collaboration efforts of Nephron and the Company. The opportunity to create
new innovative technologies to support Nephron and the healthcare industry would be transformative for the Company and its future. 

The
Company will be working with Nephron on plans for future expansion, innovation, collaboration and building for long-term success. To
further support the planned growth for the Pharma Services Program, we will be working to expand our U.S. operations in South Carolina
with the help of NPC. This expansion may include the construction of an additional manufacturing facility, located on the Nephron campus,
that would be focused on the manufacture of specialized drug delivery technologies to support Nephron and the healthcare and pharmaceutical
industries. Through this plan of accelerated expansion, we believe that the Company will be able to deliver increased capacity, driving
growth and ultimately, profitability for the high value products segment of our business. 

18 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company completed a securities purchase agreement Offering with institutional investors and received
net proceeds from the Offering were approximately 3.2 million, net of 600,000 in fees relating to the placement agent and other offering
expenses. The Offering was priced at the market under Nasdaq rules. In connection with the Offering, the Company issued 2,248,521 units
at a purchase price of 1.69 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one non-tradable warrant exercisable for one
share of common stock at a price of 1.56. The warrants have a term of five years from the issuance date. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the
reported periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The FMV adjustments, based on the trading price of outstanding warrants classified
as liabilities, could impact the operating results in the reporting periods. 

Nature
of Business 

Nature
of Business 

Sharps
Technology, Inc. Sharps or the Company is a pre-revenue medical device company that has designed and patented
various safety syringes and is seeking commercialization by manufacturing and distribution of its products. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sharps Technology, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Safegard
Medical, Inc, collectively referred to as the Company. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

The
Company s fiscal year ends on December 31. 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company s Initial Public Offering was deemed effective with trading commencing on April 14, 2022. The Company
received net proceeds of 14.2 million on April 19, 2022. (See Capital Structure and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak has adversely
affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally leading to an economic downturn in certain industries and countries. It
is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s
business or ability to raise funds. Management continues to monitor the situation but has not experienced a significant disruption to
its product development efforts. 

19 

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States U.S. and are expressed in U.S. dollars. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date
of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with various financial institutions. 

Inventories 

The
Company values inventory at the lower of cost (average cost) or net realizable value. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories
consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. A reserve is established for any excess or obsolete inventories or they may be written off. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, inventory is comprised of raw materials, components and finished goods. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures, require an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding
the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
used to measure fair value. 

Level
1 

Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Valuations
are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market and do no entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level
2 

Level
2 applied to assets or liabilities for which there are other than Level 1 observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent
transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally
from, or corroborated by, observable market date. 

20 

Level
2 instruments require more management judgment and subjectivity as compared to Level 1 instruments. For instance: determining which instruments
are most similar to the instrument being priced requires management to identify a sample of similar securities based on the coupon rates,
maturity, issuer credit rating and instrument type, and subjectively select an individual security or multiple securities that are deemed
most similar to the security being priced; and determining whether a market is considered active requires management judgment. 

Level
3 

Level
3 applied to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The determination for Level 3 instruments requires the most management judgment and subjectivity. 

Fixed
Assets 

Fixed
assets are stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. The Company s fixed
assets consist of land, building, machinery and equipment, molds and website. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method
commencing on the date the asset is operating in the way intended by management over the following useful lives: Building 20
years, Machinery and Equipment 3 -10 years and Website 3 years. The expected life for Molds is based lesser of the number
of parts that will be produced based on the expected mold capability or 5 years. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets are reviewed annually for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to the future net undiscounted
cash flows that the assets are expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is
measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the projected discounted future net cash flows arising from
the asset. 

Goodwill
and Purchased Identified Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

When
applicable, goodwill will be recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the
fair value of the net tangible and identified intangible
assets acquired under a business combination. Goodwill also includes acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify as an identifiable
intangible asset. The Company reviews impairment of goodwill annually in the third quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to
perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines
that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill
impairment test is unnecessary. If, based on the qualitative assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company proceeds to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment
test. The Company first determines the fair value of a reporting unit using weighted results derived from an income approach and a market
approach. The income approach is estimated through the discounted cash flow method based on assumptions about future conditions such
as future revenue growth rates, new product and technology introductions, gross margins, operating expenses, discount rates, future economic
and market conditions, and other assumptions. The market approach estimates the fair value of the Company s equity by utilizing
the market comparable method which is based on revenue multiples from comparable companies in similar lines of business. The Company
then compares the derived fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds
its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. 

21 

Identified
Intangible Assets 

When
applicable, the Company s identified intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
The Company makes judgments about the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets whenever facts and circumstances indicate that
the useful life is shorter than originally estimated or that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. If such facts and
circumstances exist, the Company assesses recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related
asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the
excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, the Company
would accelerate the rate of amortization and amortize the remaining carrying value over the new shorter useful life. The Company evaluates
the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, and an impairment charge would be recognized to the extent
that the carrying amount of such assets exceeds their estimated fair value. 

Stock-based
Compensation Expense 

The
Company measures its stock-based awards made to employees based on the estimated fair values of the awards as of the grant date. For
stock option awards, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The stock-based awards are granted at an exercise price
that represents the fair market value of the underlying common stock based on the stock price, at which the Company sold stock in private
placements completed by the Company, during the period such options were issued. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over
the requisite service period and is based on the value of the portion of stock-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest.
The Company recognizes forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur on a prospective basis. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for awards granted to non-employees as consideration for services received is measured on the date of performance
at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever can be more reliably measured. 

Derivative
Instruments 

The
Company accounts for common stock warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of
the specific terms of the warrants and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480 ), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification
under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own stock and whether the holders of the warrants could
potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification.
This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent
quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

At
their issuance date and as of December 31, 2022, the warrants were accounted for as liabilities as these instruments did not meet all
of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815-40 based on the terms of the aforementioned warrants. The resulting warrant
liabilities are re-measured at each balance sheet date until their exercise or expiration, and any change in fair value is recognized
in the Company s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss (See Notes 7, 8 and 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements). 

22 

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share 

The
Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted
earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Basic EPS is computed by dividing
net income (loss) available to common stockholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during
the year. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method
and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used
in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all
dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As at December 31, 2022, there were 10,405,916 stock options and warrants
that could potentially dilute basic EPS in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would
have been antidilutive for the periods presented. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates
and judgments are used in the calculation of tax credits, tax benefits, tax deductions, and in the calculation of certain deferred taxes
and tax liabilities. Significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to the Company s tax provision
in a subsequent period. 

The
provision for income taxes was composed of the Company s current tax liability and changes in deferred income tax assets and liabilities.
The calculation of the current tax liability involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations
and in determining the liability for tax positions, if any, taken on the Company s tax returns in accordance with authoritative
guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial
reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The Company must assess the likelihood that it will be able to recover the Company s
deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely on a more-likely-than-not basis, the Company must increase its provision for income taxes
by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that it estimates will not ultimately be recoverable. However, should
there be a change in the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, the provision for income taxes would fluctuate in
the period of such change. 

Contingencies 

Contingencies
are evaluated and a liability is recorded when the matter is both probable and reasonably estimable. Gain contingencies are evaluated
and not recognized until the gain is realizable or realized. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

During
the periods presented, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4). 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and, 2021. 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 2,280,933 
 1,690,865 
 590,068 
 35 
 
 General and administrative 
 6,457,860 
 2,806,801 
 3,651,059 
 130 
 
 Interest expense (income) 
 1,320,416 
 166,746 
 1,153,670 
 692 
 
 FMV gain adjustment for derivatives 
 (5,392,911 
 - 
 (5,392,911 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency Loss 
 496 
 - 
 496 
 - 
 
 Other 
 (27,132 
 - 
 (27,132 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 4,639,662 
 4,664,412 
 (24,750 
 1 

23 

Revenue 

The
Company has not generated any revenue to date. 

Research
and Development 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Research and Development R D expenses increased to 2,280,933 compared to 1,690,865
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 590,068 was due to increased R D costs incurred at Safegard for labor 181,000
and other costs 207,000, which commenced after the acquisition on July 6, 2022. In addition, we had increases in depreciation related
to R D equipment of 597,000 which had commenced in the fourth quarter of 2021. We had increases in stock compensation and consulting
fees of 4,000 from 321,000 in 2021 to 325,000 in 2022, decreases in engineering of 4,000 from 169,000 in 2021 to 165,000 2022
and decreases in other R D costs of 119,000 from 331,000 in 2021 to 212,000 in 2022. The aforementioned changes were offset by
the decrease in the Safegard operating cost of 275,000 from 850,000 in 2021 to 575,000 in 2022, incurred prior to acquisition. The
operating costs primarily related to the use of Safegard s workforce, utility costs incurred and other services. The facility,
since June 2020 and following the acquisition, has been used for further development, production of current prototype samples and related
testing. 

General
and Administrative 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, General and Administrative G A expenses were 6,457,860 as compared to 2,806,801
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 3,651,059 was primarily attributable to increases in payroll and related of: i)
payroll and consulting fees of 805,000 from 918,000 in 2021 to 1,723,000 in 2022, primarily due to increased amounts of payroll and
increased staffing, including fifty-two staff members and 187,000 relating to the Safegard acquisition from date of acquisition and
additional other staff and pay of 618,000 from 918,000 in 2021 to 1,355,000 in 2022 and ii) decrease in stock compensation expense,
due to timing of option awards and vesting, of approximately 175,000 from 1,091,000 in 2021 to 916,000 in 2022. In addition, we had
increases in G A in the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 3,021,000 principally from increased: marketing and promotion 878,000), professional fees 178,000), travel 152,000), board fees 151,000), insurance 521,000). public company and investor
relations related 294,000), issuance costs related to the warrants 550,000), rent and office expenses 109,000) and other 188,000). 

Interest
expense (income) 

Interest
expense, net of interest income, was 1,320,416 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to interest expense of 166,746 for
the year ended December 31, 2021 . Interest expense increased by 1,153,670 due
to the financing entered into in December 2021 which resulted in interest payable at the 8 face amount of 47,111 plus accreted interest
of 1,299,985 on the 2,000,000 Note Payable which was repaid at the IPO closing with net proceeds. 

FMV
Adjustment for Derivatives 

The
value of the Note Warrants requires the Fair Market Value FMV to be remeasured at each reporting date while outstanding
with recognition of the changes in fair value to other income or expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a 5,392,911 FMV gain to reflect the decrease in the Note Warrants and Warrants liabilities
issued with the IPO. (See Notes 7, 8 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 

24 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
April 13, 2022, we completed its IPO which was declared effective by the SEC, and the Company s common stock and warrants
began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market or Nasdaq on April 14, 2022 and which closed on April 19, 2022. The net proceeds from the
IPO were approximately 14.2 million of which 5,778,750 was attributed to the warrant liability (See Notes 8 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) . 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a cash balance of 4,107,897 and 1,479,166, respectively. The Company has working capital of 2,416,928
as of December 31, 2022 vs working capital deficiency of 1,156,998, as of December 31, 2021. The increase in our working capital was
primarily related to net proceeds from our initial public offering of approximately 14.2 million prior to the effect of recording the
liability attributed to the warrants from the IPO, less use of cash in operations, investing in fixed assets purchased, repayment of
the Note Payable of 2.0 million and 2.4 million paid relating to the Safegard acquisition. 

On February 3, 2023, we completed a securities purchase agreement Offering with institutional investors and received net
proceeds from the Offering were approximately 3.2 million, net of 600,000 in fees relating to the placement agent and other offering
expenses. The Offering was priced at the market under Nasdaq rules. In connection with the Offering, we issued 2,248,521 units at
a purchase price of 1.69 per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one non-tradable warrant exercisable for one share
of common stock at a price of 1.56. The warrants have a term of five years from the issuance date. (See Notes 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 

Cash
Flows 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

The
Company used cash of 6,433,159 and 3,147,736 in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
increase in cash used was principally due to the Company incurring additional G A expenses and R D activities as described above
during year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used cash in investing activities of 3,117,916 and 2,343,730, respectively.
In both years, cash was used to acquire or pay deposits for machinery and equipment of 542,662 and 2,221,830, respectively.
Further, in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used 2,365,576 and 75,000, respectively the acquisition of
Safegard or related escrow payments. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided cash from financing activities of 12,235,475 and 5,180,429 respectively.
In the 2022 period, the cash provided was primarily from the IPO net proceeds of 14,202,975, prior to the effect of recording the liability
attributed to the warrants from the IPO, less the Notes repayment of 2,000,000. In 2021, the cash provided was from stock subscriptions
from a private placement. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4). 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging-growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company,
we can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend
to avail ourselves of these options. Once adopted, we must continue to report on that basis until we no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company. 

25 

We
will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the
initial public offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenue are 1.07 billion or more; (iii) the date on which
we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of
any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second
quarter of that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these
exemptions. If, as a result of our decision to reduce future disclosure, investors find our common shares less attractive, there may
be a less active trading market for our common shares and the price of our common shares may be more volatile. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the aggregate
amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of the IPO is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during
the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock
held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed
fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we are a smaller reporting company
at the time, we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that
are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most
recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller
reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

26 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Sharps Technology Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sharps Technology Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

CHARTERED
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 

March
30, 2023 

 PCAOB ID: 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

F- 1 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventories (Note 3) 

Current Assets 

Fixed Assets, net of
 accumulated depreciation (Notes 4 and 5) 

Other Assets (Notes 5 and 6) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities: 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 4) 

Notes payable, net of discount (Note 7) 
 - 

Contingent stock liability (Notes 7 and 8) 
 - 

Contingent warrant liability Notes 7, 8 and 10) 
 - 

Warrant liability (Notes 8 and 10) 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

- 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 Tax Liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies
 (Note 15) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subsequent Events (Note
 16) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding and (2021: 

Common stock subscription receivable 
 - 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended 
 For the year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue, net 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (Note 5) 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income (expense) 

FMV adjustment on contingent stock warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency and other 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the year ended 
 For the year ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 
 Income 
 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock Subscription 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 
 Income 
 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Share-based
 compensation charges 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock from subscriptions 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for equipment order 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

- 

Balance,
 value 
 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares
 issued in Initial Public Offering 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for contingent stock liability 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Share-based
 compensation charges 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Fractional
 share adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Collection
 of stock subscription 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

- 

Balance,
 value 
 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Accretion of debt discount 

FMV for adjustment for contingent stock 
 
 - 
 
 FMV adjustment for Contingent warrants and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 IPO issuance costs relating to warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets 

Prepaid expenses 
 )) 
 
 Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Deposits paid on fixed assets and components 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Other assets escrow deposit 
 - 

Asset acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from common stock issued, net of subscription receivable 
 - 

Net proceeds from Initial Public Offering Units 
 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from notes payable, contingent stock liability, contingent warrant liability 
 - 

Repayment of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from subscriptions receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 - 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

FMV for Common stock issued for contingent shares 
 
 - 
 
 FMV for Warrants issued for contingent warrants 

Common stock issued and vested stock options for fixed assets acquired 

Common stock issued and vested stock options issued as consideration for acquisition 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million on April 19, 2022 (See Note 8). 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

years, Machinery and Equipment - years and Website years. The expected life for Molds is based
lesser of the number of parts that will be produced based on the expected mold capability or 5 years. 

impairment losses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

At
their issuance date and as of December 31, 2022, the warrants (see Notes 8 and 10) were accounted for as liabilities as these instruments
did not meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815-40 based on the terms of the aforementioned warrants. The
resulting warrant liabilities are re-measured at each balance sheet date until their exercise or expiration, and any change in fair value
is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

stock options and warrants
that could potentially dilute basic EPS in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would
have been antidilutive for the periods presented. 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Work in process 

- 

Finished goods 

- 

Total 

- 
 
 Building 
 
 - 
 
 Machinery and Equipment 

Website 

Fixed asset, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Fixed asset, net 

Depreciation
expense of fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. Substantially, all of the Company s fixed assets are located at the Company s Hungary location. 

During
the year ended December 2022, the Company recorded in fixed asset costs relating to the estimated fair market value for options
granted in 2021 for the acquired machinery. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has in remaining payments for machinery purchased,
which is included in accounts payable. 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

M
in cash, plus additional consideration of 
shares of common stock with an estimated fair market value of , 
stock options with an exercise price of 
and 
stock options with an exercise price of .
The purchase price includes the fair market value of the common stock of 
and the vested options of .
The Agreements provided the Company various periods for due diligence and post due diligence, requirements for escrow payments
through the closing date Closing Date ). 

Through
the Closing Date, the Agreements provided the Company with the exclusive use of the facility in exchange for payment of the facility s
operating costs. The monthly fee Operating Costs ), which primarily covered the facility s operating costs, was mainly
comprised of the seller s workforce costs, materials and other recurring monthly operating cost. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had remitted and , respectively for the aforementioned Operating
Costs. The remittance of operating costs was discontinued after the Closing Date. These costs were included in research and development
expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss as the activities at the facility in 2022 and 2021 were related
to design and testing of the Company s products. 

The
acquisition of Safegard, which closed on July 6, 2022, did not meet the definition of a business pursuant to ASC 805- 10 ,
and accordingly was accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805-50. The cost of the
acquisition was ,
including transaction costs of ,
with the allocation to the assets acquired on a relative fair value basis. The intangibles relate to permits and a limited workforce
acquired. Under ASC 805-50, no goodwill is recognized. The operating results for Safegard are included in the consolidated balance
sheet and consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the period beginning after the closing on July 6,
2022. 

Building and affixed assets 

Machinery 

Inventory 

Intangibles 

Deferred tax liability 

Total 

The
useful lives for the acquired assets is Building - years; Machinery to years; Intangibles years. The related
depreciation and amortization is being recorded on a straight-line basis. 

Intangibles, net 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits or advance payments on machinery, molds and components (see Note 15) 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Other assets 

Intangibles
are related to the Asset Acquisition (see Note 5) and consist of an acquired workforce and permits. Amortization for the year ended December
31, 2022 was . 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(the Notes ). The principal under the Notes shall be payable on the earlier of (i) December 14, 2022, and (ii) the date
on which the Company consummates an initial public offering IPO ), herein referred to as the Maturity
Date . The Notes bore interest at 
with interest payments due monthly. The Company and the Purchasers had entered into a Security Agreement whereby the Notes were
collateralized by substantially all the assets of the Company, both tangible and intangible both currently owned with stated
exclusions, as defined, and any future acquired with stated exclusions, as defined. 

The
NPA provided for covenants that until all of the Notes have been converted, exchanged, redeemed or otherwise satisfied in accordance
with their terms, the Company shall not, and the Company shall not permit any of its subsidiaries without the prior written consent of
the Purchasers: a) incur or guarantee any new debt, b) issue any securities that would cause a breach or default under the NPA, c) incur
any liens other than permitted, d) redeem or repurchase shares, e) declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution, e) sell, lease or
dispose of assets other than in the ordinary course of business, or f) engage in different line of business. 

. 

For
both the Contingent Stock and the Contingent Warrants, the number of shares and warrants that each Purchaser will be issued was unknown
at the time of the NPA and was determined based on a formula of 50 of the original principal amount divided by a Subsequent
Offering Price based on the valuation in a future offering of Common stock or other equity interest in the Company (such offering
referred to as a Consummated Offering during the period beginning on December 14, 2021 through and including the date
the Company consummates an initial public offering IPO (such period referred to as the Subsequent Offering Period ). 

In
accordance with ASC 480-10-25-14, a fixed monetary amount exists at inception for the total value of Contingent Stock that may be issued
to each Purchaser. The Contingent Stock is not considered outstanding at inception, as it will only be issued upon the consummation of
a Consummated Offering, and accordingly, is a conditional obligation. As such the fair market value FMV of the Contingent
Stock at inception was , which was recorded as debt discount. Similarly, a fixed monetary amount further exists at inception
for the total value of Contingent Warrants that may be issued to each Purchaser. Accordingly, a conditional obligation exists and as
such the FMV of Contingent Warrants at inception was , which was recorded as debt discount. The Company incurred 
of debt issuance costs associated with the NPA. The debt issuance costs were allocated between the Notes, Contingent Stock and Contingent
Warrants in a manner that was consistent with the allocation of the proceeds of the Notes. The portion of the debt issuance costs which
were allocated to the Contingent Stock and Contingent Warrants, which was , was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The debt issuance costs allocated to the Notes were recorded as a debt discount. 

The
Contingent Stock and Contingent Warrant liabilities were measured at FMV on the date of issuance (based on the Black-Scholes valuation
model). 

At
inception, the Notes were recorded at the net amount of approximately ,
after adjusting for debt discounts of approximately 
relating to the debt issuance costs, Contingent Stock and Contingent Warrants. Management calculates the effective interest rate EIR to consider the potential repayment at redemption date by reference to the face value amount after taking into
account the stated 
interest rate. In 2022, through the repayment date, the Company recorded interest expense of 
(2021 - nil and accreted interest of 
(2021 - nil and repaid the 
in Notes with proceeds from the IPO that closed on April 19, 2022. 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
7. Note Purchase Agreement (continued) 

The
value of the Contingent Stock and Contingent Warrants is required to be re-measured at FMV at each reporting date, using either the
Black-Scholes valuation model or other valuation method, if deemed more appropriate, with recognition of the changes in fair value
to other income or expense in the consolidated statement of operations in accordance with ASC 480, Debt and Equity. On April 19,
2022, the Company issued 
shares of Common Stock to settle the Contingent Stock liability, re-measured the liability at its estimated FMV based on the
stock s trading price and reclassified 
to Common Stock Par Value and Additional Paid in Capital. 

In
connection with the closing of the IPO, 
warrants were issued to settle the Contingent Warrant liability Note Warrants with an exercise price of . The terms of the Note Warrants continue to require classification as a liability under ASC 815 with recognition of the
changes in fair value to other income or expense in the consolidated statement of operations in accordance with ASC 480 Debt and
Equity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a FMV income adjustment of 
to reduce the Warrant liability from 
at December 31, 2021 to 
at December 31, 2022. (See Notes 8 and 10) 

shares of common stock authorized with a par value.
Effective, April 18, 2019, the Company s authorized common stock was increased to shares of common stock. The articles
of incorporation also authorized preferred shares with a par value. 

Effective
March 22, 2022, the Company completed a plan and agreement of merger with Sharps Technology, Inc., a Nevada corporation Sharps
Nevada ). . The Company s authorized common
stock and preferred stock increased from to and to shares, respectively. The par value of preferred
stock decreased from to per share. 

Common
Stock 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company s initial public offering IPO was declared effective by the SEC pursuant to which the
Company issued and sold an aggregate of units Units ), each consisting of one share of common stock and two warrants,
to purchase one share of common stock for each whole warrant, with an initial exercise price of per share and a term of .
In addition, the Company granted Aegis Capital Corp., as underwriter a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 15 of the number
of shares included in the units sold in the offering, and/or additional warrants equal to 15 of the number of Warrants included in the
units sold in the offering, in each case solely to cover over-allotments, which the Aegis Capital Corp. partially exercised with respect
to warrants on April 19, 2022. 

The
Company s common stock and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market or Nasdaq on April 14, 2022. The net proceeds
from the IPO, prior to payments of certain listing and professional fees were approximately 
million. The net proceeds, after reflecting par value, has been recorded in Additional Paid in Capital of million and with
respect to the Warrants as a liability under ASC 815 of M. (See Note 10) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at the trading stock price in connection with services
provided to the Company and recorded a charge of , In addition, the Company issued common shares relating to the Note
Purchase agreement. (See Note 7) 

During
2021, the Company completed stock subscriptions through a private placement for shares of common stock at per share. The
Company received cash proceeds of and had a subscription receivable of which was received in January 2022. In addition,
the Company issued shares with an estimated fair value of to a vendor for engineering and design services provided for
equipment and for partial payments for equipment begin manufactured (See Note 4), shares related to an acquisition (See Note 5)
and shares for services with an estimated fair value of . 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
8. Stockholders Equity (continued) 

Warrants 

a) 
 In
connection with the IPO in April 2022, the Company issued 
 warrants (Trading Warrants) as a component of
the Units and 
 warrants to the underwriter (Overallotment Warrants),
as noted in Common Stock above. The Trading and Overallotment Warrants were recorded at the FMV, being the trading price of the warrants,
on the IPO effective date and the Warrants are classified as a Liability based on ASC 815. The Warrant liability requires remeasurement
at each reporting period. At the IPO, the liability was 
 and at December 31, 2022 the liability was .
During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a FMV gain adjustment of ,
 (See Note 10). 

b) 
 The Company has issued
 Warrants Note Warrants to the Purchasers of the Notes on April 19, 2022. The Note Warrants have an exercise
 price of and a term of . At the issuance date, the liability was During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 the Company recorded a FMV gain of . (See Note 10) 

c) 
 The underwriter received
 warrants in connection with the IPO for a nominal cost of . The Warrants have an exercise price of and are exercisable
 after October 9, 2022. The FMV at the date of issuance was computed using the Black Sholes valuation model with the following
 assumptions: a) volatility of , five-year term, risk free interest rate and dividend rate. The estimated FMV was classified
 as additional issuance costs. 

at December 31, 2021 to , effective with the IPO. The Series A Preferred Stock has no right to dividends, or distributions
in the event of a liquidation and is not convertible into common stock. In the event the Company is sold during the two-year period following
completion of IPO at a price per share of more than 500 of the initial offering price per Unit in the IPO, the Series A Preferred Stock,
as in effect upon completion of the IPO, will entitle the holder to of the total purchase price. 

Trading and Overallotment Warrants 

Total 

Warrant liability 

The
Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Trading and Overallotment Warrants 

Total 

Warrant outstanding 

FMV of Trading and Overallotment Warrants, at issuance 

Change in fair value of warrant liability, issuance through December 31, 2022 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was per share
and per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of unrecognized
stock-based compensation related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period sixteen
months as of December 31, 2022. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic values of stock options outstanding and exercised December 31, 2022 were calculated as the difference between the
exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022. 

In
2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of , of which and was recorded in general
and administrative and research and development expenses, respectively and , of which and was recorded
in general and administrative and research and development expenses, respectively. Further, in 2022, the Company recorded stock-based
charges of relating to purchase of machinery (See Note 4) and relating to an Acquisition. (See Note 5) and in 2021, the
Company recorded stock-based charges relating to consideration for purchase of machinery of (see Note 4) and relating to an
Acquisition for (see Note 5). 

to 

to 

Expected
 volatility 

to 

to 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

to 

- .81 

Dividend
 rate 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

to the total effective rate applicable to income (loss) is as follows: 

Permanent differences net 
 
 - 
 
 State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total 
 - 
 - 

Interest 

Research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Net operating losses - federal 

Net operating losses state and local 

Net operating losses - foreign 
 
 - 
 
 Research credit 

Deferred tax assets gross 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 
 
 - 

The
authoritative guidance, requires the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or
liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. 

The
guidance also requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred
tax asset will not be realized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence needs to be considered, including a
company s current and past performance, the market environment in which the company operates, length of carryback and
carryforward periods and existing contracts that will result in future profits. After reviewing all the evidence, the company has
recorded a full valuation allowance. 

and ,
respectively, payable to officers and directors of the Company. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are due on
demand (See Note 15) . 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Total assets measured at fair value 
 
 - 

Liabilities 

Warrant liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 - 
 - 

of which advance payments of have been made and recorded in Other Assets (See Note 6) . 

Contingencies 

At
each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential range of loss is probable and reasonably
estimable under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for contingencies. The Company is currently not
involved in any material litigation or other loss contingencies. 

Royalty
Agreement 

In
connection with the purchase of certain intellectual property in July 2017, Barry Berler and Alan Blackman entered into a royalty agreement
which provides that Barry Berler will be entitled to a royalty of four percent of net sales derived from the use, sale, lease, rent
and export of products related to the intellectual property. The royalty continues until the patent expires or is no longer used in the
Company s product. The royalty agreement was assumed by the Company in December 2017. 

In
September 2018, the Royalty Agreement was amended to reduce the royalty to and further provided for a single payment of to
Barry Berler within three years in return for cancellation of all further royalty obligations of the Company. In May 2019, the Royalty
Agreement was further amended to change the payment date to on or before May 31, 2021 or during the term of the amended Royalty Agreement
should the Company be acquired or a controlling interest be acquired. The Company has not made the aforementioned payment or incur any
change in control as such the royalty remains in place. 

SHARPS
TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note
15. Commitments and Contingencies (continued) 

Employment
Agreements 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company cancelled the consulting agreement with Alan Blackman, Co- Chairman and Chief Operating Officer and entered
into an Employment Agreement which provides for annual salary of ,
which provides for increases, and provisions compensation adjustments, expense and tax differential reimbursements, benefits and bonuses.
As of September 1, 2022, the annual salary is .
At June 30, 2022, the Company approved and accrued a 
 bonus to Mr. Blackman for services provided in
2022, of which 
 was paid subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a formal employment agreement, effective on such date and will continue until
terminated by either party, subject to the terms of the agreement, with Andrew R. Crescenzo who has been serving as the
Company s Chief Financial Officer on a contract services basis for the last three years. The agreement provided for annual
compensation of and plus a one-time incentive payment upon the commencement of the agreement. During the course of
the term, Mr. Crescenzo will be eligible for (i) performance bonuses to be granted at the discretion of the Company s
Compensation Committee and (ii) to participate in the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. The agreement contains customary
employment terms and conditions. 

In
October 2022, the Company entered into a service agreement Service Agreement with an unrelated third-party for
marketing and investor relations services. The Service Agreement, which has a term of one year, has various deliverables and
provides payments to the third party as follows; a) an initial fee of ,
b) monthly fees through the term of ,
c) 
shares of restricted common stock and d) 
specifically related to digital marketing activities. As stated in Note 8, the 
shares of restricted common stock were valued at ,
representative of the trading price on the issuance. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 
 per share (the Common Stock to
its directors, executive officers, employee and consultants pursuant to the Company s. 2022 and 2023 Equity Incentive Plans. The
Options are exercisable at 
 per share which was the closing price on January
25, 2023. Of the Options granted, Options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of Common Stock were issued to executive
officers Options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of Common Stock were issued to directors
and Options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of Common Stock to employees and a consultant. 

On
January 25, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). The 2023
Plan provides for the issuance of up to 
 options and/or shares of restricted stock to
be available for issuance to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The 2023 Plan is subject to shareholder approval at
the annual meeting. 

On
February 09, 2023, the Company, appointed Justin Paige , as Vice President
of Technical Operations with a start date of February 15, 2023. The agreement provides for annual compensation of and
Options to purchase shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of , the closing price on the grant date. During the course
of the term, Mr. Paige will be eligible for (i) performance bonuses to be granted at the discretion of the Company s Compensation
Committee and (ii) to participate in the Company s Equity Incentive Plan. The agreement contains customary employment terms
and conditions and provides for severance of six months if a change in control occurs, as defined. 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company completed a securities purchase agreement Offering with institutional investors and
received net proceeds from the Offering were approximately 
million, net of 
in fees relating to the placement agent and other offering expenses. The Offering was priced at the market under Nasdaq rules. In
connection with the Offering, the Company issued 
units at a purchase price of 
per unit. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one non-tradable warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at
a price of .
The warrants have a term of from the issuance date. On February 13, 2023, the Company filed an S-1 (Resale) Registration Statement in connection with the Offering. 

F- 19 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 

None.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to provide reasonable assurance that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule
13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our
internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the
design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been or would be
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can
occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in
part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table provides information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Form 10-K: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Executive Officers: 

Robert M. Hayes 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Alan R. Blackman 
 
 74 
 
 Co-Chairman, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Operating
 Officer 
 
 Andrew R. Crescenzo 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Non-Executive Directors 

Soren Bo Christiansen, MD 
 
 67 
 
 Co-Chairman 
 
 Paul K. Danner 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Timothy J. Ruemler 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Brenda Baird Simpson 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Jason Monroe 
 
 36 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers 

Robert
M. Hayes 

Robert
M. Hayes has been the Chief Executive Officer and director for Sharps Technology since September 2021. Before joining the Company, he
served as Senior Director of Product Management and Innovation and other roles with Gerresheimer Pharmaceutical Glass from 2010 to 2021
where he led commercial sales and strategic partnerships with top global healthcare companies. He has over 25 years experience
in the healthcare, medical device, and pharmaceutical manufacturing industry. Mr. Hayes received his Bachelor of Business Administration
from University of Toledo. Mr. Hayes healthcare industry and product management experience qualify him to serve on our board of
directors. 

Alan
R. Blackman 

Alan
R. Blackman is a Co-Founder of Sharps Technology since 2017. Commencing in December 2016 and prior to Sharps Technology, he began working
with Barry Berler, the inventor of what is now the Sharps Provensa Ultra- Low Waste smart safety syringe. He serves as the Company s
Co-Chairman of the Board since 2021 and has served as a Board Member and Secretary since inception. He is also the Company s Chief
Investment Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to his involvement with Sharps Technology, Mr. Blackman was an investor in the
medical device industry. His medical device experience has included cold sterilant technology, infra-red technology for the diagnosis
of deep vein thrombosis, programmable cardiac event monitoring, doppler technology and specialty sutures (surgical stapling). Mr. Blackman
received his Bachelor of Science degree from Long Island University. Mr. Blackman s experience as our co-founder qualifies him
to serve on our board of directors. 

Andrew
R. Crescenzo 

Andrew
R. Crescenzo, CPA has been Chief Financial Officer for Sharps Technology since May 2019 under a consulting agreement with CFO Consulting
Partners LLP through September 30, 2022 and as an employee since October 1, 2022. Before joining the Company, Mr. Crescenzo served in
various finance roles from 2006 to 2019 in biotech, manufacturing and distribution, including, CFO of United Metro Energy from 2014 to
2016; Senior VP of Finance of Enzo Biochem (NYSE:ENZ) from 2006 to 2014. Prior to 2006, he was an Executive Director from 2002 to 2006
and a Senior Manager from 1997 to 2002 at Grant Thornton LLP. Mr. Crescenzo is a Certified Public Accountant and received his Bachelor
of Business Administration from Adelphi University. 

Non-Executive
Directors 

Dr.
Soren Bo Christiansen 

Soren
Bo Christiansen, Co -Chairman of the Board for Sharps Technology, joined the team in April 2018 as a Board member, became Chairman of
the Board in December 2018 (and has been co-Chairman since 2021), and was CEO from April 2019 until he stepped down in September 2021.
Dr. Christiansen worked for Merck Co. Inc. for 30 years in Denmark, USA and Switzerland. He was Sr. VP Merck Vaccines (head of
the Global Commercial division), President Eastern Europe, Middle East Africa and during the last four years of his career, he
was President for Europe, Middle East, Africa and Canada. He holds a medical degree from University of Copenhagen Denmark. Dr. Christiansen s
medical and pharmaceutical knowledge and experience qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

28 

Paul
K. Danner 

Paul
K. Danner, a member of the Board of Directors and Chairperson of the Audit Committee, joined Sharps Technology in September 2021.
Since 2013, Mr. Danner has been chief financial and administrative officer of PAY2DAY Solutions, Inc. dba Authvia, a FinTech
software developer that provides merchants and consumers with a cloud-based CPaaS (Communications Platform as a Service) platform
capable of providing end-to-end payment flows, billing, consumer management, payment analytics, and consumer insights. From 2016 to
2018, Mr. Danner was chief executive officer of Alliance MMA, Inc., which was a mixed martial arts organization offering promotional
opportunities for aspiring mixed martial arts fighters. As a senior business leader, Mr. Danner has served three Nasdaq-listed
companies as the senior corporate executive. Additionally, he has acquired extensive Board of Director expertise through six
separate appointments totaling more than twenty-five years with three Nasdaq and OTCQB listed companies including Chairman,
Corporate Secretary and Audit Committee assignments, as well as two development-stage ventures and one not-for-profit enterprise.
Mr. Danner served as a Naval Aviator flying the F-14 Tomcat, and subsequently as an Aerospace Engineering Duty Officer supporting
the Naval Air Systems Command, for 8 years on active duty plus 22 years with the reserve component of the United States Navy. He
retired from the Navy in 2009 with the rank of Captain. Mr. Danner earned a BS degree in Business Finance from Colorado State
University, and he holds an MBA from the Strome College of Business at Old Dominion University. Mr. Danner s executive and
marketing experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

Timothy
J. Ruemler 

Timothy
J. Ruemler, a member of the Board of Directors and Chairperson of the Nominating Committee, joined Sharps Technology in September 2021.
He was division President SW Florida for Centex Homes from 1993 to 2007, where he was responsible for all aspects of the Real Estate
division s activities. Mr. Ruemler has been retired since 2007. While at Centex Homes, Mr. Ruemler also held the positions of Sales
Manager, Construction Manager, Controller, and Assistant Controller for the Naples, Raleigh and Tampa divisions from 1986 until 1993.
Prior to his career at Centex Homes, he held auditor positions. He holds a BS in Accounting from Indiana State University. Mr. Ruemler s
business operational experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

Brenda
Baird Simpson 

Brenda
Baird Simpson has served on our board of directors in April 2022. Ms. Simpson has been senior vice president chief nursing officer
at Centura Health in Centennial, CO since 2021. She was system vice president chief nursing executive at Northeast Georgia Health
System from 2016 to 2021, and system senior vice president chief nursing officer at CHI St. Vincent Health System in Little Rock,
AR, from 2007 to 2016. Ms. Simpson received a DNP from the University of South Alabama, an MSN from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville,
a BSN from Tennessee State University, Nashville, and an AND from the University of Tennessee, Martin. Ms. Simpson s medical experience
qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. 

Jason
L. Monroe 

Jason
L. Monroe has served on our board of directors in April 2022 and serves as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee Mr. Monroe has been
sales manager at CVS Health since 2016, and was a pharmacy manager at CVS Health from 2014 to 2015. He was Adjunct Professor for Pharmacy
Technician program at Houston Community College from 2017 to 2019. Mr. Monroe received a PharmD from the Texas Southern University College
of Pharmacy Health Science and a BS from Prairie View A M University. Mr. Monroe s healthcare experience qualifies him
to serve on our board of directors. 

Board
Composition 

Our
board currently consists of five directors, Robert M. Hayes, Alan R. Blackman, Soren Bo Christiansen, Paul K. Danner, and Timothy J.
Ruemler. Mr. Ruemler and Mr. Danner, Ms. Simpson and Mr. Monroe are independent directors within the
meaning of the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Family
Relationships 

No
family relationships exist between any of our officers or directors. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board evaluates the independence of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules.
A majority of our Board Are independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and all directors who
sit on our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must also be independent directors. 

29 

Board
of Directors Term of Office 

Directors
are elected at our annual meeting of shareholders and serve for one year until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their
successors are elected and qualified. 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

We
have established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee, or any committees performing similar functions.
We have an audit committee that consists of Paul Danner, Jason Monroe and Brenda Simpson, a compensation committee consists of Timothy
Ruemler, Paul Danner, and Jason Monroe, and a nominating committee that consists of Timothy Ruemler, Jason Monroe, and Paul Danner. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code which applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The
full text of our Code will be posted on our website under the Investor Relations section. We intend to disclose future amendments to,
or waivers of, our Code, as and to the extent required by SEC regulations, at the same location on our website identified above or in
public filings. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and you should not consider
information contained on our website to be part of this prospectus or in deciding whether to purchase our shares of common stock. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated
 with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court
 of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state
 securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a
 party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party
 to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

30 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
amounts below represent the compensation awarded to or earned by or paid to our named executive officers who served as our chief executive
officer or had total compensation of at least 100,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 
 Calendar 
 Year 
 
 Salary
 or 
 Consulting 

Bonus 

Stock 
 Awards 

Other 
 Payments 

Option 
 Awards
 (6) 

Total 

Robert M. Hayes, CEO (1) 
 
 2022 

313,333 

- 

- 

- 

56,124 

369,457 

2021 

82,750 

- 

- 

- 

541,779 

624,529 

Dr. Soren Bo Christiansen, Co- Chairman of the Board,
 former CEO (2) 
 
 2021 

170,000 

- 

- 

- 

24,547 

194,547 

Alan R. Blackman, COO and Co- Chairman of the Board
 (3) 
 
 2022 

272,669 

250,000 

37,000 

40,088 

599,757 

2021 

257,000 

- 

- 

- 

187,096 

444,096 

Barry Berler, CTO (4) 
 
 2022 

216,000 

- 

- 

30,000 

40,088 

286,088 

2021 

216,000 

- 

- 

- 

187,096 

403,096 

Andrew R. Crescenzo,
 CFO (5) 
 
 2022 

146,250 

- 

- 

- 

12,026 

158,276 

2021 

73,375 

- 

- 

- 

68,209 

141,584 

(1) 
 Mr. Hayes was appointed
 our chief executive officer on September 15, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Compensation relates to
 Dr. Christiansen serving as chief executive officer and chairman of the Board from April 2019 to September 15, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Reflects consulting fees
 and/or salary earned, including accrued and unpaid compensation of 91,667 and 54,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 Other payments represent tax differential payments of 29,000 and expense allowance of 8,000. 
 
 (4) 
 Other compensation reflects
 travel allowances. 
 
 (5) 
 Reflects 2022 compensation
 as employee from October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 and consulting fees paid by CFO Consulting Partners LLC from January 1, 2022
 to September 30, 2022 and in 2021 consulting fees from CFO Consulting Partners, LLC, including 7,875 accrued and unpaid, as of December
 31, 2021. 
 
 (6) 
 See Note 11 to the audited
 financial statements for assumptions used in valuation. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

We
are party to an employment agreement, dated September 9, 2021, with Robert M. Hayes, our chief executive officer. Under the agreement,
we pay Mr. Hayes an annual salary of 270,000, and Mr. Hayes will be entitled to a performance bonus if the Company achieves certain
revenue amounts. Mr. Hayes also received options to purchase 114,286 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.00 per share,
vesting over 3 years. In 2022, Mr. Hayes was granted options to purchase 70,000, shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.21,
vesting over 2 years. In August 2022, the agreement was amended to increase Mr. Hayes annual salary to 400,000. The agreement can be
terminated by either party for any reason upon 60 days written notice. 

We
were party to a consulting agreement, dated December 2020 and through July 31 2022, with Alan Blackman, our co-founder, chief
operating officer and chief investment officer. Under the agreement. Mr. Blackman was entitled to compensation of 18,000 per month.
The agreement provided for an annual bonus in the target amount of 216,000, commensurate with the Company s results and
subject to the approval of the board. Effective August 1, 2022, we are a party to an employment agreement (2022 Agreement) with a 24
month term with Mr., Blackman in which he received an initial annual salary of 256,000 increased to 320,000, based on an
adjustment formula, and payment for tax differential. The 2022 Agreement provides for performance bonus at stated periods based on
stated criteria with the bonus amount approved by the Company s compensation committee. Mr. Blackman also received options: a)
in 2021, to purchase 38,571 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 7.00 per share, vesting over 3 years and b) in 2022,
to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.21per share vesting over 2 years. The agreement can be
terminated by either party for any reason upon 30 days written notice. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
provided an amended notice to Mr. Blackman of the termination of his employment agreement with the Company effective May 1, 2023.
 Following his receipt of the amended notice of termination from the Company, Mr. Blackman notified the Company that he
believed he had resigned from the Company for good reason. The Company believes Mr. Blackman s allegations
are without merit and unsupportable under the terms of his employment agreement. Also following his receipt of the amended
notice of termination from the Company, Mr. Blackman, who was and continues to serve as a Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors of
the Company, alleged that his notice of termination was in retaliation for his whistleblowing efforts. The
Company is unaware of a whistleblower claim by Mr. Blackman, his engagement in any whistleblowing protected activity or his
complaining or reporting of any unlawful activity to the Company. The Company believes these allegations are also without
merit and will vigorously defend against them in the event that Mr. Blackman commences legal action. 

31 

We
entered into to a consulting agreement, dated May 28, 2019, with Barry Berler, our chief technology officer. Under the agreement. Mr.
Berler was entitled to compensation of 10,000 per month. The agreement had a term of five years commencing June 1, 2019. In December
2020, we entered into a new consulting agreement with Mr. Berler, under which Mr. Berler is entitled to compensation of 18,000 per month
and provides for an annual bonus in the target amount of 216,000, commensurate with the Company s results and subject to the approval
of the board. Mr. Berler also received options: a) in 2021, to purchase 38,571 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 7.00
per share, vesting over 3 years and b) in 2022, to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.21 per share vesting
over 2 years. The agreement can be terminated by either party for any reason upon 90 days written notice. 

We
are party to an employment agreement, dated September 9, 2021, with Andrew R. Crescenzo, our chief financial officer. Under the agreement,
we pay Mr. Crescenzo an annual salary of 225,000 and was awarded, a one-time 18,750 incentive payment upon the commencement of the
Agreement. In 2021, Mr. Crescenzo, while serving as the Company s CFO through a consulting arrangement with CFO Consulting Partners
received options to purchase 15,089 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.00 per share, vesting over 1 year. In 2022, Mr.
Crescenzo was granted options to purchase 15,000, shares of common stock at an exercise price of 1.21, vesting over 2 years. The agreement
can be terminated by either party for any reason upon 90 days written notice. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table sets forth compensation we paid to our directors during the year ended December 31, 2022 (excluding compensation under
the Summary Compensation table above). 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Timothy J. Ruemler (1) 
 26,000 
 - 
 8,018 
 - 
 34,018 
 
 Paul K. Danner (1,4) 
 28,000 
 - 
 8,018 
 2,400- 
 38,418 
 
 Dr Soren Bo. Christiansen (2,4) 
 44,000 
 - 
 12,026 
 25,000- 
 81,026 
 
 Brenda Simpson (3) 
 14,000 
 - 
 8,018 
 - 
 22,018 
 
 Jason Monroe (3) 
 17,500 
 - 
 8,018 
 
 22,018 

(1) 
 Appointed as Directors
 in September 2021 
 
 (2) 
 Served as CEO and Chairman
 of the Board through September 15, 2021. Effective September 16, 2021, serves as Co-Chairman of the Board. 
 
 (3) 
 Appointed as Directors
 in April 2022 
 
 (4) 
 Non-director services performed 

32 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table discloses information regarding outstanding equity awards granted or accrued as of December 31, 2022, for our named executive
officers. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Vested 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unvested 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock (#) that Vested 
 Market value of Shares or Units of Stock (#) that have not Vested 

Robert M. Hayes 
 38,848 
 31,152 
 1.21 
 5/2/2027 

65,346 
 48,939 
 7.00 
 9/9/2026 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Alan R. Blackman 
 27,749 
 22,251 
 1.21 
 5/2/2027 

5,143 
 
 7.00 
 9/30/2026 
 - 
 - 

38,571 
 
 7.00 
 1/1/2026 
 - 
 - 

Barry B. Berler 
 27,749 
 22,251 
 1.21 
 5/2/2027 

5,143 
 
 7.00 
 9/30/2026 
 - 
 - 

38,571 
 
 7.00 
 1/1/2026 
 - 
 - 

Andrew R. Crescenzo 
 8,325 
 6,675 
 1.21 
 5/2/2027 

15,089 
 
 7.00 
 9/30/2026 
 - 
 - 

7,143 
 
 4.37 
 12/31/2024 
 - 
 - 

14,285 
 
 4.37 
 10/1//2025 
 - 
 - 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

On
March 28, 2022, the Company adopted the Sharps Technology, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), pursuant to
which up to an aggregate of 779,000 shares of common stock are available for issuance. Awards under the 2022 Plan may include options
(including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance share awards, or other equity-based awards, each as defined under the 2022 Plan. 

On
January 25, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). The 2023
Plan provides for the issuance of up to 1,400,000 options and/or shares of restricted stock to be available for issuance to officers,
directors, employees and consultants. The 2023 plan will be submitted to the Company s shareholders for approval. 

On
January 25, 2023, the Company granted five-year options (the Options to purchase a total of 950,000 shares of the Company s
Common Stock to its directors, management and employees pursuant to the Sharps Technology, Inc. 2022 and 2023 Equity Incentive Plans.
Of the Options granted, 595,000 were issued pursuant to the 2023 Plan and 355,000 were issued pursuant to the 2022 Plan, with 57,000
shares of common available under the 2022 Plan. 

A
copy of the 2023 Plan was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2023, and is also incorporated
herein as Exhibit 10.33. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 27, 2023, with respect to the
beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than ten (10 percent; (ii) each of our executive officers
and directors; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group. 

33 

The
table lists applicable percentage ownership based on 11,665,936 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023. In addition,
under the rules beneficial ownership include shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants
that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and
beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person,
but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of
securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise
indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as
beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. Except as otherwise noted below, the address for persons listed
in the table is c/o Sharps Technology, Inc, 105 Maxess Road, Ste. 124, Melville, New York 11747. 

Name and address of beneficial owner 
 Number of shares of common stock beneficially owned 
 Percentage of common stock beneficially owned 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

Robert M. Hayes (1) 
 308,631 
 2.6 
 
 Alan R. Blackman (2) 
 879,059 
 7.5 
 
 Andrew R. Crescenzo (3) 
 66,975 

Dr. Soren Bo Christiansen (4) 
 395,235 
 3.3 
 
 Paul K. Danner (5) 
 65,685 

Timothy J. Ruemler (6) 
 1,107,649 
 9.3 
 
 Brenda Baird Simpson (7) 
 40,633 

Jason Monroe (8) 
 43,390 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (8 persons) 
 2,907,258 
 23 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Represents 246,949 shares
 underlying options. 

(2) 
 Includes 262,286 shares
 owned by spouse and 115,630 shares underlying options. Mr. Blackman also owns our 1 outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock,
 which will provide him with 29.5 of the voting power of our stockholders with respect to the election of directors. 

(3) 
 Includes
 66,975 shares underlying options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 238,093 shares underlying options. 

(5) 
 Includes 65,585 shares
 underlying options. 

(6) 
 Includes
208,443 shares underlying options. 

(7) 
 Includes 40,633 shares underlying
 options. 

(8) 
 Includes 40,633 shares underlying
 options. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other
than as set forth below and compensation arrangements, including employment, there have been no transactions since January 1, 2020, in
which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total
assets as at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and to which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial
holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

34 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accounts payable and accrued liabilities include 105,667 and
 59,375, respectively, payable to officers and directors of the Company. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are due
on demand. 

In
connection with the purchase of certain intellectual property in July 2017, Barry Berler, our chief technology officer, and Alan R. Blackman,
our chief investment officer and chief operating officer, entered into a royalty agreement which provided that Barry Berler would be
entitled to a royalty of four percent (4 of net sales derived from the use, sale, lease, rent and export of products related to the
intellectual property. The royalty continues until the patent expires or is no longer used in the Company s product. The royalty
agreement was assumed by the Company in December 2017. 

In
September 2018, the Royalty Agreement was amended to reduce the royalty to 2 and further provided for a single payment of 500,000 to
Barry Berler within three years in return for cancellation of all further royalty obligations of the Company. In May 2019, the Royalty
Agreement was further amended to change the date the payment will be due to on or before May 31, 2021, or during the term of the amended
Royalty Agreement should the Company be acquired or a controlling interest be acquired. The Company has not made the aforementioned payment
or incurred any change in control. As such the 2 royalty remains in place. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Our
related party transactions policy provides that transactions with directors, officers and holders of five percent or more of our voting
securities and their affiliates, each a related party must be approved by our audit committee. Pursuant to this policy, the audit committee
has the primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or disapproving related party transactions, which are transactions
between us and related persons in which the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000
or (ii) one percent of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which a related person has or
will have a direct or indirect material interest. For purposes of this policy, a related person will be defined as a director, executive
officer, nominee for director, or greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, in each case since the beginning of the most
recently completed year, and their immediate family members. 

In
considering related-person transactions, our audit committee or another independent body of our board of directors will take into account
the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited to: 

the
 risks, costs and benefits to us; 

the
 impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or
 an entity with which a director is affiliated; 

the
 terms of the transaction; 

the
 availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and 

the
 terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties under the same or similar circumstances. 

The
audit committee or other independent body of our board of directors will not approve any related party transaction unless it is on the
same basis as an arms length transaction and approved by a majority of the disinterested directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Fees
for services performed by Manning Elliott LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 74,000 
 54,500 
 
 Audit related fees 
 15,750 
 - 
 
 Total 
 89,750 
 54,500 

Audit
Fees are fees paid by the Company to Manning Elliott LLP for
professional services for the audit of the Company s financial statements included in the Form 10-K and review of financial
statements included in the Form 10-Qs, and for services that are normally provided by the accountants in connection with regulatory
filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees are paid by the Company to Manning Elliott LLP for assurance and related services that
are reasonably related to the performance of services relating to registration statements. These services include the accountant
providing a consent letter related to the Company s report filing. 

35 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

a)
Financial Statements 

1) 
 Financial statements for
 our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

2) 
 All financial statement
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements
 or notes thereto. 

b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 5.1 
 
 Legal Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Ference LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 10, 2020, among the Company, Safegard Medical (Hungary) Ktf, Numan Holding Ltd, Cortrus Services SA and Latitude Investments Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Asset/Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Letter, dated September 23, 2021, from Numan Holding Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Robert Hayes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Alan Blackman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended Consulting Agreement, dated May 28, 2019, between the Company and Barry Berler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.11

Royalty Agreement, dated July 11, 2017, between Alan Blackman and Barry Berler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment to Royalty Agreement, dated September 4, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 

36 

10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, between the Company and Berry Berler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, among the Company and the purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Security Agreement among the Company and the secured parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Consent to be named as a director nominee of Jason Monroe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Consent to be named as a director nominee of Brenda Baird Simpson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Warrant for this offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant for this offering (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (Pre-Funded Warrants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.22 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Plan and Agreement of Merger, dated March 22, 2022, between Sharps Technology, Inc., a Wyoming corporation, and Sharps Technology, Inc., a Nevada corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (Warrants) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Manning Elliott LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Sichenzia Ross Ference LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 24.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 
 
 107 
 
 Filing Fees Exhibit (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 107 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1; No. 333-263715, as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2022) 

37 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Link 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on this 31st day of March 2023. 

SHARPS TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Robert M. Hayes 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on March 31, 2023 on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Robert M. Hayes 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Robert M. Hayes 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert M. Hayes 
 
 Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Andrew R. Crescenzo 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew R. Crescenzo 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Dr. Soren Bo Christiansen 
 
 Co-Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dr Soren Bo Christiansen 

Co-Chairman, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Alan R. Blackman 

/s/
 Paul K. Danner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Paul K. Danner 

/s/
 Timothy J. Ruemler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Timothy J. Ruemler 

By: 
 /s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Attorney-in-fact 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
Robert M. Hayes, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharps Technology, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Robert
 M. Hayes 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 302 

I,
Andrew R. Crescenzo, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sharps Technology, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Andrew R. Crescenzo 

Andrew
 R. Crescenzo 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
UNDER SECTION 906 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of Sharps Technology, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to
such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert M. Hayes 

Robert
 M. Hayes 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Andrew R. Crescenzo 

Andrew
 R. Crescenzo 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 stss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 stss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 stss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 stss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

