<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1692415_0001493152-23-007925.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7342149</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254769</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1244131</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2472898</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1472287</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1700248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007925.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316163051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Co-Diagnostics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				462609396
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38148
		FILM NUMBER:		23739246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4049 SOUTH HIGHLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8012789769

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4049 SOUTH HIGHLAND DRIVE
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007925.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549. 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from_______to_______ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

3841 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (Primary
 Standard Industrial 
 Classification
 Code Number) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
approximately . 

As
of March 14, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 12 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 23 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 24 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 24 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 25 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 26 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 27 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 27 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 32 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 33 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 57 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 57 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 58 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 58 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 5 8 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 64 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 68 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 69 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 69 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 70 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other
than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including statements
regarding future events, our future financial performance, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, 
 believes, can, continue, could, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, should, 
or will or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we do not make forward looking statements
unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may affect our or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a highly regulated,
very competitive, and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all
risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends
that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short term and long-term business operations,
and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report, and in particular, the risks discussed under Item 1,
Business, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in
this Annual Report may not occur as described and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied
in the forward-looking statement. 

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 

the
 results of clinical evaluations and the regulatory approval process; 

market
 acceptance of any products that may be approved for commercialization; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

the
 impact of any infringement actions or other litigation brought against us; 

competition
 from other providers and products; 

our
 ability to develop and commercialize new and improved products and services; 

changes
 in government regulation; 

and
 other factors (including the risks contained in the section entitled Risk Factors in other documents we file with the
 SEC) relating to our industry, our operations and results of operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ
significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

Given
these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements as a result of new information, events or circumstances or other factors arising or coming to our attention after the date
hereof. 

3 

As
used in this Annual Report, the terms we , us , our , Company and Co-Diagnostics 
means Co-Diagnostics, Inc., a Utah corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company ), unless otherwise indicated. 

ITEM
1: BUSINESS 

Overview 

Co-Diagnostics,
Inc., a Utah corporation (the Company or CODX ), develops, manufactures and sells reagents used for diagnostic
tests that function via the detection and/or analysis of nucleic acid molecules (DNA or RNA), including robust and innovative molecular
tools for detection of infectious diseases, liquid biopsy for cancer screening, and agricultural applications. In connection with the
sale of our tests we may sell diagnostic equipment from other manufacturers as self-contained lab systems (which we refer to as the MDx
Device ). We are also developing a unique, groundbreaking portable PCR device and proprietary test cups (the Co-Dx PCR Home 
platform that have been designed to bring affordable, reliable polymerase chain reaction PCR to patients in point-of-care
and even at-home settings. This platform is subject to U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA review and is not available
for sale at the time of this filing. There is no guarantee that our Co-Dx PCR Home platform will receive the necessary regulatory approvals
for commercialization, or that, if regulatory approval is received, we will be able to successfully commercialize this platform. 

Our
diagnostics systems enable dependable, low-cost, molecular testing for organisms and genetic diseases by automating or simplifying historically
complex procedures in both the development and administration of tests. CODX s technical advance involves a novel, patented approach
to PCR test design of primer and probe structure CoPrimers that eliminates one of the key vexing issues of PCR
amplification: the exponential growth of primer-dimer pairs (false positives and false negatives) which adversely interferes with identification
of the target DNA/RNA. 

We
believe our proprietary molecular diagnostics technology is paving the way for innovation in disease detection and life sciences research
through our enhanced detection of genetic material. For various reasons, including owning our own platform, we believe we will be able
to accomplish this faster and more economically than some competitors, allowing for significant margins while still positioning ourselves
as a low-cost provider of molecular diagnostics and screening services. 

In
addition, continued development has demonstrated the unique properties of our CoPrimer technology that we believe makes it ideally suited
for a variety of applications where specificity is key to optimal results, including multiplexing several targets, enhanced Single Nucleotide
Polymorphism SNP detection and enrichment for next generation sequencing. 

Our
scientists use the complex mathematics of DNA/RNA PCR test design to engineer and optimize PCR tests and to automate algorithms that
rapidly screen millions of possible options to pinpoint the optimum design. Dr. Brent Satterfield, our founder, developed the intellectual
property we use in our business, consisting of the predictive mathematical algorithms and patented molecular structure used in the testing
process, which together represent a major advance in PCR testing systems. CODX technologies are now protected by more than 20 granted
or pending US and foreign patents, as well as certain trade secrets and copyrights. Ownership of our proprietary platform permits us
the advantage of avoiding payment of patent royalties required by other PCR test systems, which may allow the sale of diagnostic PCR
tests at a lower price than competitors, while enabling us to maintain profit margins. 

Our
proprietary test design process involves identifying the optimal locations on the target genes for amplification and pair the locations
with the optimized primer and probe structure to achieve outputs that meet the design input requirements identified from market research.
This is done by following planned and documented processes, procedures and testing. In other words, we use the data resulting from our
tests to verify whether we succeeded in designing what we intended. Verification involves a series of testing that concludes that the
product is ready to proceed to validation in an evaluation either in our laboratory or in an independent laboratory setting using initial
production tests to confirm that the product as designed meets the user needs. 

We
may either sell or lease the MDx Device to labs and diagnostic centers, through sale or lease agreements, and sell the reagents that
comprise our proprietary tests to those laboratories and testing facilities. 

4 

Using
our proprietary test design system and proprietary reagents, we have designed and obtained regulatory approval in the European Community
and/or in India to sell PCR diagnostic tests for the detection of COVID-19, influenza, tuberculosis, hepatitis B and C, human papillomavirus,
malaria, chikungunya, dengue, and the Zika virus. In the United States, we obtained Emergency Use Authorization EUA for
our Logix Smart COVID-19 detection test from the Food and Drug Administration, or
FDA, and we sell that test to qualified labs. In addition, our COVID-19 detection test and certain of our other suite of COVID-19 products
have been approved for sale in countries such as the United Kingdom, Australia and Mexico by the regulatory bodies in those countries
and have been registered for sale in many more countries. 

In
addition to testing for infectious disease, the technology lends itself to identifying any section of a DNA or RNA strand that describes
any type of genetic trait, which creates several significant applications. We, in conjunction with our customers, are active in designing
and licensing tests that identify genetic traits in plant and animal genomes. We also have three multiplexed tests developed to test
mosquitos for the identification of diseases carried by the mosquitos to enable municipalities to concentrate their efforts in managing
mosquito populations on the specific areas known to be breeding the mosquitos that carry deadly viruses. 

On
January 23, 2020, we announced the completion of the principal design work for a PCR test for COVID-19, intended to address the potential
need for detection of the virus. This test features our patented CoPrimers technology, and was designed using our proprietary software
system, following the guidelines published by the World Health Organization (WHO) and Centers for Disease Control (CDC). 

On
February 24, 2020, we announced that this test had obtained regulatory clearance to be sold as an in vitro diagnostic IVD for the diagnosis of COVID-19 in markets that accept CE-marking as valid regulatory approval and became available for purchase from our
Utah-based ISO-13485:2016 certified facility. 

We
commenced sales of the COVID-19 tests in February and March of 2020 to international customers and to date have since sold over 34,000,000
of this and other COVID tests in numerous countries around the world through an expanding distributor network. 

On
April 6, 2020, we announced that we had received an EUA from the FDA allowing us to commence sales of our Logix Smart COVID-19 test to
laboratories certified by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services under the Clinical Laboratories Improvements Act CLIA to accept human samples for diagnostics testing throughout the United States and have sold our Logix Smart COVID-19 test to such CLIA
labs since that time. 

Because
we believe that testing for COVID-19 will continue to be a consideration for public health worldwide, we have initiated the Co-Dx PCR
Home platform to facilitate frequent testing in homes, schools, businesses, and the hospitality industry. We believe this may be accomplished
through the development of a compact, relatively low-cost testing device, easy to use by non-professionals, that can provide PCR test
results in around 30 minutes. The initial project built on this platform, an at-home and point-of-care COVID-19 PCR test, was ultimately
facilitated by our development of a saliva or nasal swab-based PCR test that does not require the RNA/DNA extraction. While we believe
the final result is believed to be approximately equivalent to those processed by a high-complexity clinical laboratory, it our COVID-19
PCR test has the advantages of increased speed and ease of handling thanks to lyophilization (or freeze-drying) of our testing reagents
to allow for stability at room temperatures. 

On
February 15, 2021, we engaged the services of a group of professionals at Idaho Molecular, Inc IdMo and Advanced Conceptions,
Inc ACI ), with the expertise to develop the hardware for a device using our CoPrimers as the reagent chemistry. In December
2021, we announced the closing of the acquisitions of IdMo and ACI along with all existing and future assets and intellectual property
related to the platform and device. It is expected that the device and test will be available to homes, schools, offices, and the travel
industry among other locations, at a cost that will allow screening frequently to prevent spread of the COVID-19 virus in the future,
as well as other diseases as additional single- and multiplex tests are developed and validated for use on the device. The device would
also be available to test for other pathogens detectable through saliva or other samples as we develop those tests and offer them to
the marketplace. All such tests will be subject to regulatory approval. 

5 

On
February 22, 2023, we announced that clinical evaluations for the device and its initial test for COVID-19 had begun. Because the evaluations
are dependent on identifying and enrolling a particular number of both symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19-positive and -negative patients
at testing sites, the Company did not provide projected timelines for completion at that time. 

Infectious
Disease Product Offering 

Using our proprietary test design system and proprietary reagents, we and
CoSara Diagnostics Pvt Ltd CoSara ), our joint venture for manufacturing in India, design and sell PCR diagnostic tests
for detection of diseases and pathogens such as COVID-19, influenza, tuberculosis, hepatitis B and C, malaria, dengue, human papillomavirus,
chikungunya, and Zika virus, all of which tests have been designed and verified in our laboratories. Our tuberculosis test and Zika test
received a CE Mark in 2018, and a triplex test for Zika, dengue and chikungunya received a CE Mark in 2019, qualifying the tests to be
sold throughout the European community and in most countries in Central and South America. In December 2019, CoSara received a license
to manufacture and sell tuberculosis, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, human papillomavirus 16/18 and malaria tests in India from the Central
Drugs Standard Control Organization CDSCO ). In February 2020, we received a CE Mark for our Logix Smart COVID-19 test followed
by an EUA by the FDA in April 2020. Also, in April 2020, our COVID-19 test was approved for manufacture and sale in India by the CDSCO
and in Mexico by the INDRE, Mexico s equivalent to the United States Center for Disease Control. In August 2020, we received approval
from the Australian Department of Health Therapeutic Goods Division to sell our COVID-19 test in Australia. 

As
explained above, our Logix Smart COVID-19 test was designed, developed, submitted for regulatory approval and ready to be used as an in
vitro diagnostic or IVD in countries that accept a CE Mark as approval for use of the test in a period of just over 30 days.
This is a real-world example of how the CODX technology can be used in an evolving epidemic or pandemic to get diagnostic tools in
the hands of medical professionals in a timely manner. It can be similarly used to design a test for mutated
strains of the virus should they not be detectable using currently available tests. 

Caribbean
and Central and South America 

We
began selling PCR diagnostic tests to entities located in South and Central America and the Caribbean in
2018. In some of those countries, there are limited regulatory hurdles, allowing us to begin offering our tests immediately. We have
applied for and received registrations for our tests in many of those countries that require registration, and our distributors in
those countries have provided us with in-country assistance in completing such registrations. 

We
first offered our Zika test in this region because of the demand for such a test, followed by tests for tuberculosis, and our
triplex test for Zika, chikungunya, and dengue. Sales of those tests have not been material, but with the granting of a CE mark for
our Logix Smart COVID-19, we experienced an increase in sales in this region. 

India 

In
January 2017, the Company entered into an agreement to manufacture diagnostics tests for seven infectious diseases with a pharmaceutical
manufacturing company in India and formed CoSara as an Indian joint venture. The agreement provided for the construction of a manufacturing
plant and the manufacture of the tests named above and the joint sales and marketing of those tests in India. We have received a license
for the plant in Ranoli, India to manufacture approved tests and it is being used for testing and manufacturing of our products for the
Indian market. 

As
mentioned above, the CDSCO has given us the approval for manufacture and sale of the nine tests referred to above, and the Company s joint venture has begun manufacture and sale of those tests. The Company has
commenced a reagent rental program in India with thermocyclers purchased from third-party vendors and which we refer to as our MDx Device.
Each of the reagent rental placements requires the purchase of a minimum number of tests per month. The placement of thermocyclers in
India has facilitated the sale of the SaraGene COVID-19 tests in India. The WHO 2019 Global Tuberculosis Report indicates that India
is the country with the highest number of cases of tuberculosis in the world. WHO tuberculosis statistics for India for 2018 give an
estimated incidence figure of 2.69 million cases of tuberculosis for India out of a global incidence of approximately 10.0 million. 

6 

On
March 19, 2020, we announced that CoSara received authorization to begin manufacture and sale of COVID-19 tests in India. Those tests
in India are branded as SaraGene COVID-19 tests and are sold exclusively by CoSara. The Indian government places restrictions on the
price that could be charged for COVID-19 tests which limited the revenue in India more than we experienced in other parts of the world.
At the time of this report, CoSara has received CDSCO clearance for RT-PCR tests for Mycobacterium tuberculosis, malaria, hepatitis B,
hepatitis C (including viral load tests for both hepatitis B and C), human papillomavirus (HPV), a test for high-risk HPV, two COVID-19
assays, chikungunya, dengue, a dengue/chikungunya duplex test, an influenza A/influenza B/COVID-19 ABC multiplex test. 

Europe 

Molecular
diagnostics, such as our tests, are governed in Europe by the framework for IVDs, which encompasses diagnostic products such as reagents,
instruments and systems intended for use in diagnosis of disease. The regulatory system for some IVDs has historically allowed for a
self-certification procedure, placing heavy responsibility on manufacturers. Non self-certified products were subject to the same standards
as self-certified products but were also subject to audit and review by a notified body prior to receiving approval to be CE-marked.
A CE-marking is a manufacturer s declaration that a product meets the requirements of the applicable European Commission directive.
Examples of current obligations include having in place a qualitative manufacturing process, user instructions that are clear and fit
for purpose, and ensuring that the physical features of devices and diagnostics do not pose any danger. If a product fulfils
these and other related control requirements, it may be CE-marked, as an indication that the product is compliant with EU legislation
and sold in the European Union. We have received CE Marks for six of our tests including for COVID-19, COVID-19 (2 gene test), ABC (a
triplex test for Flu A, Flu B and COVID-19), a DS (Direct Saliva, extraction-free) COVID-19 test, tuberculosis, Zika, and our Zika, dengue,
chikungunya triplex tests. Recently, the European Commission has revised its directive governing the CE- marking of IVDs, which included
reclassifying which IVDs may be self-certified, and which may not. As a result of this change in directive and reclassification, substantially
all of the Company s products are now subject to audit and review by a notified body, as well as a more rigorous clinical evaluation
process, prior to receiving approval to be CE-marked. 

We
are ISO 13485:2016 certified, relating to the design and manufacture of our medical device products. The ISO certification indicates
that we meet the standards required to pursue CE-marking for certain of our products and affix a CE-marking for sales of our products
in countries accepting CE-marking (not in the United States). 

United
States 

The
FDA has granted permission for us to export all of our IVD products. The FDA s permission to export was granted under Section 801(e)
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended (the FDC Act ). Section 801(e) of the FDA Act covers certain medical
devices that have not yet received an approved Premarket Approval in the United States by the FDA, such as our products. We have not
commenced any Premarket Approval steps with the FDA. Section 801(e) of the FDA Act applies to medical devices that are acceptable to
the importing country and that are manufactured under the FDA s Good Manufacturing Practices. We have received EUA for our COVID-19
test, which allows sales to qualified labs in the United States, and facilitates the registration for sale in other countries as well.
Under the FDA s existing policy the FDA continues to review a prioritized subset of COVID-19 tests for EUAs, and emphasizes that
traditional device premarket review pathways remain open to all developers. We intend to pursue all appropriate FDA review pathways for
products under development, including traditional premarket review pathways. 

Under
our EUA, we are actively selling our Logix Smart COVID-19 test to CLIA certified laboratories in the United States. The CLIA labs are
able to use our test, or to further validate our COVID-19 tests (or other tests) as Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs), which
refers to a diagnostic test that has been validated for use in the CLIA lab. LDTs may be used by the lab only in that laboratory. CLIA
laboratories develop the performance characteristics, perform the analytical validation for their LDTs and obtain licenses to offer them
as diagnostic services. We are currently marketing our Logix Smart COVID-19 test to CLIA laboratories
throughout the US. 

7 

Market
Opportunity 

The
market opportunity for our tests changed radically with the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Because we were able to respond rapidly
and produce a quality product, we have been able to build a distribution network that extends to
more than 80 countries with over 50 distributors, most of which have been the sales network that has allowed us to export products throughout
the world. We believe that after the pandemic is brought under control, the network of distributors that we have built in these
extraordinary times will serve us well in sales of other diagnostic tests. 

The
molecular diagnostics market is a fast-growing portion of the in vitro (test tube-based, controlled environment) diagnostics market.
There are several advantages of PCR tests, such as the ones we market and sell, over other forms of diagnostic testing. These advantages
include higher specificity and sensitivity, the ability to perform multiplex tests and the ability to test for drug resistance or for
individual genes. 

Mosquito
Vector Control Services 

In
response to market demand, in June 2019 we introduced our first diagnostics tests to be used exclusively to test for mosquito borne pathogens
in mosquito populations. Municipalities in the US and many other countries in the world are concerned about the diseases carried by mosquitos,
which infect the human population. To prevent outbreaks of potentially harmful viruses such as Zika or West Nile from infecting the public,
many municipalities conduct mitigation operations to eliminate the mosquito populations carrying the diseases. Because it is too expensive
and potentially harmful to the environment to spray all mosquito breeding areas, municipalities identify which particular area has mosquitos
that are carrying the harmful viruses. To know where the host mosquitos with the harmful viruses are located, traps are set, mosquitos
collected and then tested to find the areas that most needed spraying. There are over 3,000 mosquito abatement districts throughout the
United States and almost all of them conduct testing to help make the spraying more effective. 

Our
first vector related test was a triplex test that tests for West Nile, western equine and St. Louis encephalitis. We began shipping the
tests in June 2019. We added a second test that tests mosquitos for Zika, chikungunya and dengue in a triplex test. Finally, in November
2019, we completed a test for West Nile, eastern equine and St. Louis encephalitis, specifically for use in the eastern United States.
As a result, mosquito abatement districts can test for three target viruses in one test as compared to performing three different tests
using other market available tests. Our products allow municipalities to obtain test results in a matter of hours, instead of the weeks
they might otherwise have to wait for a central lab to process the mosquito tests. 

We
have sold our Vector Smart test products and/or related lab equipment to testing districts in different sections of the country
and are marketing our products through trade shows, electronic and regular mail solicitations. 

Liquid
Biopsy for Cancer Screening 

The
enhanced specificity of our technology opens up some unique applications for liquid biopsy, demonstrating its ability to detect small
quantities of mutations associated with cancer within an environment of large amounts of normal DNA, as we position the Company to take
part in this historic and challenging development in human health care. 

Agricultural
Applications 

SNP
detection is also used in the agricultural industry to identify variations in crop genomes to achieve improved seed viability and other
desired characteristics, including drought resistance, disease resistance, pest resistance and higher yield. 

In
mid-2017, the Company was first approached by a large agribusiness to evaluate our ability to multiplex certain target genomes. The results
of the development project have successfully demonstrated our ability to not only multiplex the target genomes, but targeted SNP s
as well. The project was undertaken in conjunction with the manufacturer of our CoPrimers tests. The results of the project encouraged
the parent of our manufacturer to seek a world-wide licensing arrangement for our CoPrimers in the agricultural industry, which was completed
in October 2018. Pursuant to the exclusive license for the agronomics industry, the licensee pays us a royalty for all CoPrimers sold
to the licensee s customers. In January 2019, the licensee formally introduced the product at a large agricultural conference and
has branded the product under the name BHQ CoPrimers . 

8 

Additional
Licensing and Assay Development 

We
believe the unique properties of our CoPrimers technology make them ideally suited to a variety of applications where sensitivity is
key to optimal results, including multiplexing several targets, enhanced SNP detection and enrichment for next generation sequencing.
Our licensee for our agricultural testing requested an expansion of our license agreement to include test design services for their customers
and potential customers, both in the infectious disease arena as well as for agricultural customers. The license was amended in July
2019 and we expect to derive a license fee from our licensee for its design services. If any of its customers desire to commercialize
the tests designed, they will need to seek a commercial license directly from us. Because of these unique characteristics of CoPrimers,
research companies and institutions have requested that we design diagnostics to locate and identify uncommon gene sequences and SNPs
and create tests for the target sequences in a multiplexed reaction. This application of our technology is in its beginning stages, but
we believe that the results from our initial research indicate a significant step forward in defining the capabilities of our technology,
which we believe can be translated to revenue producing licensing arrangements. However, there can be no guarantee that we will be able
to develop the requested capabilities, or that we will be able to successfully commercialize this application of our technology. 

Competitive Advantages of Co-Diagnostics 

We believe that we have the following competitive advantages: 

Affordability:
 Lower-cost test kits, a low-cost MDx-device, and an affordable Co-Dx PCR Home platform for at-home and point-of-care testing
 (the platform is subject to FDA review and not available for sale at the time of this filing). 

Flexibility:
 CODX s tests have been designed to run on many customers DNA/RNA diagnostic testing machines. Our technology
 is well suited to the new generation of point-of-care testing POCT ), compact and portable analysis machinery for field,
 clinical and office applications. 

Speed :
 We believe our rapid assay design system software provides shorter time to product release. This has been demonstrated with the
 conception, design, product manufacture, clinical verification and submission for a CE Mark for our Logix Smart COVID-19 test being
 approximately 30 days. 

Accuracy :
 We believe our technology allows us to build tests that are highly sensitive and specific, the two benchmarks for accuracy in PCR
 testing. 

Personalized
 Medicine : We project that rising health care costs in developed and developing nations will increasingly require that health
 care systems be patient-specific to eliminate waste, misdiagnoses, and ineffectiveness. A critical component will be accurate, more
 affordable DNA-based diagnostics, especially in at-home and POCT settings, for which we are developing products. 

Low-cost
 Provider : Our platform technology obviates the need to pay patent royalties typically required of our competitors, which
 use patented test platforms to design their tests. 

Worldwide
 Footprint : With a dynamic technology that encompasses markets worldwide, we anticipate that we can identify the best target
 markets, not only in high burden developing countries but also in developed nations. 

Growth
 Industry Category : We believe that real-time PCR testing is the fastest-growing segment of in vitro diagnostic testing. 

Combination
 Product Offering : Our sensitive tests can be a well-designed match for a new generation of compact and other small POCT devices
 now entering the market, including our own MDx and Co-Dx PCR Home devices. Used together, we believe these affordable tests and devices
 have the potential to revolutionize the molecular diagnostics industry in cost, speed of test results and simplification. 

Multiplexing:
 Our existing multiplexed tests demonstrate that our CoPrimer-designed tests are able to test for multiple targets in the
 same sample without the distortion caused by false negatives and false positives that often occur in multiplexed tests. 

9 

Intellectual
Property 

Much
of our future success and value depends on our proprietary technology, and therefore, our patent and intellectual property strategy is
of critical importance. Currently, our flagship CoPrimers technology is covered by two U.S. patents titled Cooperative primers,
probes, and applications thereof as well as by granted and pending foreign counterparts. We have another three U.S. patents directed
to our earlier work in primer and assay designs. For more recent works, we have filed international and U.S. patent applications directed
to Methods and Compositions for Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) Library Preparation, Allele-Specific Design of
Cooperative Primers for Improved Nucleic Acid Variant Genotyping, Methods and Compositions Related to Cooperative Primers
and Reverse Transcription, and Systems, Methods, and Apparatus for Automated Self-Contained Biological Analysis 
which is the basis of our at-home and point-of-care PCR system. We intend to continue building our patent portfolio as development continues
and resources are available. 

We
also protect some of our technology and know-how as trade secrets and, where appropriate, we use and register trademarks to protect and
strengthen our products and proprietary brands. All trademarks, trade/product names, graphics and logos of Co-Diagnostics contained herein
are trademarks of Co-Diagnostics or its subsidiary, as applicable, in the U.S. and/or other countries. Solely for convenience, we may
refer to trademarks in this Annual Report on Form 10-K without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to
indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our rights to our trademarks. 

Major
Customers 

We
had certain customers which were each responsible for generating 10 or more of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. One customer accounted for approximately 37 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and two customers
together accounted for approximately 48 of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. These customers may not account for the
same percentage of sales in future periods. If we were
to sell nothing to those customers in the future, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition unless we were able
to replace those customers with others. 

Competition 

The
molecular diagnostics industry is extremely competitive. There are many firms that provide some or all of the products we provide and
provide many diagnostic tests that we have yet to develop. Many of these competitors are larger than us and have significantly greater
financial resources. Because we are more recently established, many of our competitors have a competitive advantage in the diagnostic
testing industry because they also have other lines of business in the pharmaceutical industry from which they derive revenues and for
which they are well known and respected in the medical profession. We will need to overcome the disadvantage of being perceived as a
start up with no significant recognition from the medical and testing professionals, although we believe this is changing as we continue
to market our Logix Smart COVID-19 tests and other tests in the United States to well-known and successful laboratories. Many of these
competitors already have an established customer base with industry standard technology, which we must overcome to be successful. In
the diagnostic testing and POCT industries, we compete with such companies as BioMerieux, Siemens, Qiagen, Cue Health, Lumira Dx and
Cepheid and with such pharmaceutical companies as Abbott Laboratories, Becton Dickinson and Johnson and Johnson. 

10 

Competition
has been particularly intense in the market for COVID-19 diagnostic tests. Numerous companies in the United States and internationally
have announced their intention to offer new products, services and technologies that could be used in substitution for our Logix Smart
COVID-19 tests. Many of those competitors are significantly larger, and have substantially greater financial, engineering and other resources,
than our company. Existing and potential competitors in the market for COVID-19 diagnostic tests include developers of serological, antigen
and molecular tests. We also compete with companies from Asia in certain markets who are willing to sell their tests for much less than
we sell our tests, which creates competitive price pressure on us in certain regions, particularly Asia and Latin America. 

We
expect competition to continue to increase as other established and emerging companies enter the market, as customer requirements evolve,
and as new products, services and technologies are introduced. The entrance of new competitors is being encouraged by governmental authorities,
who are offering funding to support development of testing solutions for COVID-19. Some of our existing or new competitors may have strong
relationships with current and potential customers, including governmental authorities, and, as a result, may be able to respond more
quickly to new or changing regulatory requirements, new or emerging technologies, and changes in customer requirements. 

Government
Regulation 

In
the United States, we are regulated by the FDA and our products must be approved, cleared, or authorized by the FDA before we are allowed
to sell our tests in the United States as in vitro diagnostics. The FDA granted us an EUA to manufacture and sell our Logix Smart
COVID-19 test to CLIA labs in the United States. We are ISO 13485:2016 certified, relating to the design and manufacture of our medical
device products. Being ISO certified greatly facilitates our applications for CE-Marking, which allows us to sell any CE Marked test
in most countries in Europe, South America and Asia, depending on the country and following that country s registration process.
We currently have CE Markings issued for our Logix Smart COVID-19 test, tuberculosis test, our Zika virus test, a triplex test that tests
for Zika, dengue, and chikungunya simultaneously, a triplex ABC test that identifies and distinguishes between Flu A, Flu
B and Covid-19, our SARS-CoV-2 2-gene multiplex test, and our DS (Direct Saliva, extraction-free) COVID-19 test. In addition, our Logix
Smart COVID-19 has received the required license to manufacture and sell in India from India s CDSCO, and The National Epidemiology
Institute in Mexico evaluated our Logix Smart COVID-19 and ABC tests and approved them for sale in Mexico. We have also received approval
to sell in Australia. We are in the process of registering for sale our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other tests in a number of major countries
around the world. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 145 full-time and part-time employees at our executive offices and lab facilities in Salt Lake City, Utah.
We have engaged independent contractors in India to promote the use of our products and develop outlets for products and employ the services
of independent sales representatives on an as needed basis. 

We consider our people and the way we work to support each other and serve
our customers to be critical to our success. The key human capital measures and objectives that we focus on in managing our business are:
maintaining a strong and collaborative company culture, increasing our diversity, inclusion and belonging, offering fair and competitive
compensation and benefits, investing in people and organizational development, protecting and enriching employee health and wellness,
and sustaining a culture of respectful and effective communications. 

Organizational
History and Corporate Information 

We
were incorporated as Co-Diagnostics, Inc., in Utah on April 18, 2013. Our principal executive office is located at 2401 S. Foothill Drive,
Salt Lake City, Utah 84109. Our telephone number is (801) 438-1036. Our web address is www.codiagnostics.com . The contents of
our website are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 

11 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
have limited commercial history upon which to base our prospects and are not certain that we will achieve profitability in the future. 

We
have a limited operating history. We began operations in April 2013. Our accumulated retained earnings were 39.9 million and 54.2 million
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We were able to achieve net income during the calendar year ending December 31, 2021
due to the high demand for our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other COVID-19 tests during the COVID pandemic. During the calendar year ending
December 31, 2022 we experienced a decline in demand for our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other COVID-19 tests and operated at a net loss
during the period. We do not have any way of predicting when or if we will achieve profitability again. Potential investors should be
aware of the difficulties normally encountered by a new enterprise, many of which are beyond our control, including substantial risks
and expenses in the course of developing new diagnostic tests, establishing or entering new markets, organizing operations and marketing
procedures. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of these risks, expenses, complications and delays, and the competitive
environment in which we operate. There is, therefore, nothing at this time upon which to base an assumption that our business plan will
prove successful, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue, raise additional capital or operate profitably. We will continue
to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early commercial stage companies, including scaling up our infrastructure
and headcount, and may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties or delays in connection with our growth. In addition, as a result
of the start-up nature of our business, we expect to continue to sustain substantial operating expenses and may not be able to continue
generating sufficient revenues to cover expenditures. Any investment in our company is therefore highly speculative and could result
in the loss of any investment. 

Our
future success is dependent on demand for COVID-19 and other infectious disease diagnostics and upon our ability to develop and market
other commercially accepted diagnostic tests and our at-home and POCT platforms. 

Our
future success will depend, in part, on the continued market for COVID-19 tests, our ability to develop and sell sufficient quantities
of other diagnostics tests, and our ability to successfully obtain regulatory approval for and profitably market our Co-Dx PCR Home at-home
and POCT platform. Attracting new customers and distribution networks requires substantial time and expense. Any failure to obtain regulatory
approval for our product candidates and to increase sales of our diagnostic tests in sufficient quantities to achieve profitability in
a timely manner would adversely affect our operating results. Many factors could affect the market acceptance and commercial success
of any of our diagnostic tests and devices, including: 

Our ability to develop
 additional infectious disease diagnostic tests for which there is a commercial market; 

Our ability to obtain regulatory
 clearance to commercialize our product candidates; 

our ability to convince
 our potential customers of the advantages and economic value of our tests over competing technologies and diagnostic tests; 

the breadth of our test
 menu relative to competitors; 

changes to policies, procedures
 or currently accepted best practices in clinical diagnostic testing; 

the extent and success
 of our marketing and sales efforts; and 

our ability to manufacture
 in quantity our commercial diagnostic tests and meet demand in a timely fashion. 

We
may not realize anticipated revenue from our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other COVID-19 tests. 

Currently,
our business is substantially dependent on sales of our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other COVID-19 tests. Other companies are working to
produce or have produced rapid tests for COVID-19 which may lead to the diversion of customers, including governmental and quasi-governmental
entities, away from us and toward other companies. Moreover, the dangers posed by COVID-19 may subside over time. A number of preventative
vaccines have been approved for use in human populations by regulatory agencies in the U.S. and around the world. The uptake of these
vaccines will likely limit the spread of COVID-19 and potentially reduce the market size for COVID-19 testing. 

We
expect that, if and when the current COVID-19 pandemic subsides, there could be significantly reduced demand for testing, and thus, for
our Logix Smart COVID-19 and other COVID-19 tests. We have seen a reduction in the prevalence of COVID-19 since the height of the pandemic,
and in 2022 experienced a significant decrease in revenue from our COVID-19 testing products. Revenues relating to our COVID-19 testing
products could decline in the future if the prevalence of COVID-19 remains low and as attention from governments and individuals to COVID-19
wanes. 

Further,
if the COVID-19 pandemic becomes a seasonal virus or experiences fluctuations in prevalence, we could experience fluctuations in
our revenues associated with our COVID-19 tests. While there is still demand for COVID-19 testing products, there is no guarantee that
current or anticipated demand will continue, or if demand does continue, that we will be able to produce our COVID-19 tests in sufficient
quantities to meet demand. A significant decline in demand for our COVID-19 testing products without a corresponding increase in our
other businesses could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 

The
diagnostic market is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively against the larger, well-established companies
that dominate this market or emerging and small innovative companies that may seek to obtain or increase their share of the market. 

The
markets for diagnostic products are intensely competitive, and many of our competitors are much larger and have substantially more financial
and human resources than we do. Many have long histories and strong reputations within the industry, and a relatively small number of
companies dominate these markets. 

These
companies enjoy significant competitive advantages over us, including: 

broad product
 offerings, which address the needs of health care providers in a wide range of applications; 

products that are supported
 by long-term clinical data; 

greater experience in,
 and resources for, launching, marketing, distributing and selling products, including strong sales forces and established distribution
 networks; 

extensive intellectual
 property portfolios and greater resources for patent protection; 

greater financial and other
 resources for product research and development; 

greater experience in obtaining
 and maintaining FDA and other regulatory clearances and approvals for products and product enhancements; 

12 

established manufacturing
 operations and contract manufacturing relationships; 

significantly greater name
 recognition and widely recognized trademarks; and 

established relationships
 with healthcare providers and payers. 

Our
products and any product candidates that we may introduce into the market may not enable us to overcome the competitive advantages of
these large and dominant companies. In addition, even if we successfully introduce additional product candidates into the market, emerging
and small innovative companies may seek to increase their market share and they may eventually possess competitive advantages, which
could adversely impact our business. Our competitors may also employ pricing strategies that could adversely affect the pricing of our
products. 

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products, and the loss of
these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials could harm our business. 

We
rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the raw materials required for the production of our diagnostic products and product
candidates. Our dependence on a limited number of third-party suppliers involves several risks, including limited control over pricing,
availability, quality, and delivery schedules for raw materials. We have no supply agreements in place with any of our suppliers and
cannot be certain that our current suppliers will continue to provide us with the quantities of raw materials that we require or that
satisfy our anticipated specifications and quality requirements. Any supply interruption in limited or single sourced raw materials could
materially harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply, if any, could be identified and qualified. We may
be unable to find a sufficient alternative supply channel within a reasonable time or on commercially reasonable terms. Any performance
failure on the part of our suppliers could delay the production of our products and product candidates and delay the development and
commercialization of our product candidates, including limiting supplies necessary for commercial sale, clinical trials and regulatory
approvals, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In
order to be successful, we must expand our available product lines by commercializing new product candidates, but we may not be able
to do so in a timely fashion and at expected costs, or at all. 

Although
we are currently manufacturing diagnostic kits for commercialization, in order to be successful, we will need to expand our product lines
to include other diagnostic products. To succeed in our commercialization efforts, we must effectively continue product development and
testing, find new strategic partners, obtain regulatory clearances and approvals, and enhance our sales and marketing capabilities. Because
of these uncertainties, there is no assurance that we will succeed in bringing any of our current or future product candidates to market.
If we fail in bringing our product candidates to market, or experience delays in doing so, we will not generate revenues as planned and
will need to curtail operations or seek additional financing earlier than otherwise anticipated. 

We
are dependent on our senior management team, scientific team, and external advisors, and the loss of any of them could harm our business,
including by adversely affecting our ability to effectuate our business strategy. 

The
members of our current senior management team may not be able to successfully implement our strategy. In addition, we have not entered
into employment agreements with any of the members of our senior management team. There are no assurances that the services of any of
these individuals will be available to us for any specified period of time. The successful integration of our senior management team,
the loss of members of our senior management team, scientific team and key external advisors, or our inability to attract or retain other
qualified personnel or advisors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We may not have a sufficient number of qualified personnel to effectuate our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

If
we experience significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 

The
efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively
manage our sales and marketing, accounting and financial functions; manufacturing processes; inventory; scientific and product development
functions; and our research and development functions. As such, our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
including from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters; terrorist attacks and attacks by computer viruses or hackers;
power losses; and computer systems, or Internet, telecommunications or data network failures. The failure of our information technology
systems to perform as we anticipate or our failure to effectively implement new systems could disrupt our entire operation and could
result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess inventory and product shortages, all of which could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Cyber
security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of company, employee or guest data could expose us to data loss, litigation
and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed. 

We
and third-party service providers collect and retain large volumes of data, including personally identifiable information regarding clinical trial participants
and others, for business purposes, including for regulatory, research and development and commercialization purposes, and our collaborators 
various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. We also maintain personally identifiable information
about our employees. The integrity and protection of our company, employee and clinical data is critical to our business. We are subject
to significant data security and privacy laws and regulations. These regulations impose significant requirements on how we maintain,
use, and protect such information. Maintaining compliance with these evolving regulations and requirements could be difficult and may
increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure
of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of company, employee or clinical data which could harm our reputation,
disrupt our operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits. 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Products and Other Government Regulations 

We
received Emergency Use Authorization or EUA and intend to seek additional and/or amended EUAs for our COVID-19 test. The FDA may not
timely grant any additional or amended EUAs, if at all. For our existing EUA and any new EUA, the FDA may revoke any EUA where it is
determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization, which would adversely impact our ability
to market our COVID-19 test in the United States. 

The
FDA has the authority to grant an EUA to allow unapproved medical products to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat or prevent serious
or life-threatening diseases or conditions when there are no adequate, approved and available alternatives. On January 31, 2020, the
Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or U.S. HHS, issued a declaration of a public health emergency related
to COVID-19. On February 4, 2020, U.S. HHS determined that COVID-19 represents a public health emergency that has a significant potential
to affect national security or the health and security of U.S. citizens living abroad and, subsequently, declared on March 24, 2020,
that circumstances exist to justify the authorization of emergency use of medical devices, including alternative products used as medical
devices, during the COVID-19 pandemic, subject to the terms of any authorization as issued by the FDA. On February 29, 2020, the FDA
issued an immediately in effect guidance with policy specific to development of in vitro diagnostic tests during the COVID-19
public health emergency. This guidance was updated on March 16, 2020, May 4, 2020 and May 11, 2020. It is uncertain whether the widespread
availability of approved and effective vaccinations could expedite or influence any such decision making with respect to the underlying
health emergency. 

On
April 3, 2020, we received an EUA from the FDA for our Logix Smart Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) kit for use on individuals who
are suspected of COVID-19 by their healthcare provider. We cannot predict how long the EUA for
our COVID-19 test will remain in place. 

There
can be no assurances that the FDA will authorize any request for additional and/or amended EUAs and if we do not receive the authorization,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

14 

The
FDA may revoke an EUA where it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization. The
FDA may take such a position at any time and without notice and, therefore, we cannot predict how long our EUAs will remain in place.
The FDA may also revoke an EUA when the circumstances justifying its issuance no longer exist, such as when an alternative is authorized
for marketing through the standard procedures, including through a 510(k) clearance. 

FDA
policies regarding diagnostic tests, therapies and other products used to diagnose, treat or mitigate COVID-19 remain in flux as the
FDA responds to new and evolving public health information and clinical evidence. Changes to FDA regulations or requirements could require
changes to our authorized test, necessitate additional measures, or make it impractical or impossible for us to market our test. The
revocation of an EUA, if granted, could necessitate that we pursue the lengthy and expensive 510(k) clearance process, if available,
or another similarly burdensome marketing authorization process, such as a de novo classification. Indeed, FDA has recommended that manufacturers
of tests subject to an EUA pursue pre-market submissions such as a 510(k), de novo classification, or pre-market approval, or PMA, as
applicable, during the declared public health emergency so that their devices can remain on the market after the emergency terminates. 

If
either of our existing EUAs is revoked prior to us having received regulatory approval to commercialize our COVID-19 test through a traditional
pathway, we may not be able to obtain required clearances or approvals in a timely manner, or at all, and one or more of our competitors
may obtain the necessary clearances or approvals for their products before we do. In addition, we would be required to cease our commercialization
efforts, which would substantially and negatively impact our business. As a result, any such revocation could adversely impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
long-term success depends substantially on our ability to obtain regulatory clearance or approval and thereafter commercialize our product
candidates; we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so in a timely manner or at all. 

The
process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical diagnostic from the FDA or similar regulatory authorities
outside of the United States can be costly and time consuming, and there can be no assurance that such clearances or approvals will be
granted on a timely basis, or at all. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process generally takes one to six months from the date of submission,
depending on whether a special or traditional 510(k) premarket notification has been submitted, but can take significantly longer. An
application for premarket approval, or PMA, must be submitted to the FDA if the device cannot be cleared through the 510(k) clearance
process or is not exempt from premarket review by the FDA. The PMA process almost always requires one or more clinical trials and can
take two to three years from the date of filing, or even longer. 

If
we are required to obtain approval of any of our products through the PMA process, the costs associated with such a process will be significant,
which could adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations. In addition, a submission through the PMA process would
require us to delay commercialization of such product candidates until after approval is received, if ever. If we are unable to commercialize
our product candidates in a timely manner, or at all, our business will be adversely affected. 

Similar
to our compliance with U.S. regulatory requirements, we must obtain and comply with international requirements, in order to market and
sell our products outside of the United States and we may only promote and market our products, if approved, as permitted by applicable
regulatory authorities. There is no guarantee that we will receive the necessary regulatory approvals for our product candidates either
inside the United States or internationally. If our product candidates do not receive necessary regulatory approvals, our business could
be materially and adversely affected. 

15 

Our
current and future relationships with third-party payers and current and potential customers in the United States and elsewhere may be
subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy
and security and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages,
reputational harm administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 

Our
current and future arrangements with third-party payers and current and potential customers, including providers and physicians, may
expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships
through which we sell, market and distribute our products. In addition, we may be subject to transparency laws and patient privacy regulations
by U.S. federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The applicable federal,
state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration,
 directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the
 purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such
 as Medicare and Medicaid; 

federal civil and criminal
 false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties,
 including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
 to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making
 a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the federal Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud
 any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the
 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations,
 which impose obligations on covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their business
 associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered
 entity, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the Physician Payments
 Sunshine Act, which requires (i) manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under
 Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information
 related to certain payments or other transfers of value made to physicians, which is defined to include doctors, dentists,
 optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors, and teaching hospitals, (ii) applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing
 organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held in such entities by physicians and their immediate
 family members, with data collection beginning on August 1, 2013, (iii) manufacturers to submit reports to CMS by the 90th day of
 each calendar year, and (iv) disclosure of such information by CMS on a publicly available website; and 

analogous state and foreign
 laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims
 involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers; state and foreign
 laws that require medical device companies to comply with the medical device industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and
 the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare
 providers; state and foreign laws that require medical device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers
 of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy
 and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are
 not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

16 

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations may involve substantial
costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes,
regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to
be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government
healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business,
including our collaborators, are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative
sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 

We
are subject to stringent and changing data protection laws, privacy policies and data protection obligations, which continue to evolve and change over time. The actual or perceived
failure by us or our third-party service providers or vendors to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to
significant fines and liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We
are subject to numerous data protection laws that govern the processing of individually identifiable information and health information
and other sensitive and personal information in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In many instances, these data protection laws,
regulations and standards apply not only to disclosures to third parties, but also to transfers of information between or among us and
other parties with which we have commercial relationships. The regulatory framework for data privacy, data security and data transfers
worldwide is rapidly evolving and, as a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain
uncertain for the foreseeable future. These data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction
to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Failure to comply with any of these data protection laws could result in enforcement actions
against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by affected individuals, damage
to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

There
are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information. These laws and
regulations include the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, or collectively referred to as the HIPAA
Rules, which establish a set of national privacy and security standards to safeguard Protected Health Information, or PHI, by health
plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates and their
subcontractors with whom such covered entities contract for services that involve the creation, receipt, maintenance or transmission
of PHI for or on behalf of a covered entity or another business associate. HIPAA requires covered entities and business associates to,
among other things, develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed, including the adoption
of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability
of electronic PHI. As this applies to our business, we are required to maintain security standards for any PHI that we create, receive,
maintain or transmit. For example, we plan to offer cloud-based portal software to help our customers more efficiently use our products.
The software will maintain security safeguards that are designed to be consistent with the HIPAA Rules, but we cannot guarantee that
these safeguards will not fail or that they will not be deemed inadequate in the future. In addition, we could be subject to periodic
audits for compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security Standards by the U.S. HHS, and our customers. The U.S. HHS Office for Civil
Rights may impose significant penalties on entities subject to HIPAA for a failure to comply with a requirement of the HIPAA Rules. If
we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of the PHI of our customers, we could be found to have breached our contracts.
Determining whether PHI has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex
and we cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. 

In
addition, many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information, including
health-related information. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect
to sensitive and personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which
may complicate compliance efforts. 

17 

Laws,
regulations and standards in many other jurisdictions also apply broadly to the Processing of personal information, which impose significant
compliance obligations. Complying with these numerous, complex and often changing regulations is expensive and difficult, and failure
to comply with any Data Protection Laws or any security incident or breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized
use or disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, whether by us, one of our service providers or another third party, could
negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to: investigation costs, material
fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; litigation; consent orders regarding our privacy and security
practices; requirements that we provide notices, credit monitoring services or credit restoration services or other relevant services
to impacted individuals; adverse actions against our licenses to do business; and injunctive relief. 

Many
statutory requirements, both in the United States and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals of security breaches
involving certain personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our third-party service providers. For
example, laws in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose unencrypted
personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. These laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a
widespread data breach is difficult and may be costly. Moreover, states have been frequently amending existing laws, requiring attention
to changing regulatory requirements. We also may be contractually required to notify affected customers, regulators, credit reporting
agencies or other affected individuals of a security breach. Such notifications are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply
with such requirements, could lead to material adverse effects, including without limitation, negative publicity, a loss of customer
confidence in our services or security measures or breach of contract claims. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability
in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages if we fail to comply with
applicable Data Protection Laws, Data Protection Obligations or other legal obligations. In addition, although we may have contractual
protections with our third-party service providers, contractors and consultants, any actual or perceived security breach by our subcontractors
could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security
and in responding to any such actual or perceived breach. Any contractual protections we may have from our third-party service providers,
contractors or consultants may not be sufficient to adequately protect us from any such liabilities and losses, and we may be unable
to enforce any such contractual protections. 

We
expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine
the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing
laws, regulations, standards and other obligations may require us to incur additional costs and restrict our business operations. Because
the interpretation and application of health-related and Data Protection Laws and other obligations are still uncertain, and often contradictory
and in flux, it is possible that the scope and requirements of these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
with our practices and our efforts to comply with the evolving data protection rules may be unsuccessful. If so, this could result in
government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
cannot assure you that our third-party partners and service providers with access to our or our customers , suppliers and
employees personally identifiable and other sensitive or confidential information in relation to which we are responsible will
not breach contractual obligations imposed by us or violate Data Protection Laws, or that they will not experience security breaches
or attempts thereof, which could have a corresponding effect on our business, including putting us in breach of our obligations under
the Data Protection Laws, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot
assure you that our contractual measures and our own privacy- and security-related safeguards will protect us from the risks associated
with the third-party processing, storage and transmission of such information. 

We
may receive inquiries or be subject to investigations, proceedings or actions, by various government entities regarding our privacy and
information security practices and Processing Regulatory Proceedings ). These Regulatory Proceedings could result in a
material adverse effect, including without limitation, interruptions of, or required changes to, our business practices, the diversion
resources and the attention of management from our business, regulatory oversights and audits, discontinuance of necessary Processing,
or other remedies that adversely affect our business. 

18 

In
addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, public censure, other claims and penalties, and significant
costs for remediation and damage to our reputation, we could be materially and adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded
to require changes in our data processing practices and policies or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation
or regulations in ways that negatively impact our business. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs
or require us to change our business practices and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to our business. Any inability to adequately
address data privacy or security-related concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards and other
obligations relating to data privacy and security, could result in additional cost and liability to us, harm our reputation and brand,
damage our relationships with customers and have a material and adverse impact on our business. 

While
we maintain general liability insurance coverage, cyber insurance coverage and other insurance, we cannot assure that such coverage will
be adequate or otherwise protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities or damages with respect to claims, costs, expenses, litigation,
fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, regulatory actions or material adverse effects arising out of our privacy and security practices,
Processing or security breaches we may experience, or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all.
The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes
to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have
an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available
on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 

We
may incur substantial costs in our efforts to comply with evolving global data protection laws and regulations, and any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations may harm our business and operations. 

The
global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we may be or become subject to or affected by numerous federal, state and foreign
laws and regulations, as well as regulatory guidance, governing the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, security and processing of
personal data, such as information that we collect about subjects and health care providers in connection with clinical trials. Implementation
standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, which may create uncertainty in our business;
affect our or our service providers ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal
data; result in liability; or impose additional compliance or other costs on us. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with
federal, state, or foreign laws or self-regulatory standards could result in negative publicity, diversion of management time and effort
and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. 

In
the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws (e.g., the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or
collectively HIPAA), state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection
laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related
and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our collaborators. In addition, we may obtain health
information from third parties (including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data) that are subject to privacy
and security requirements under HIPAA or other privacy and data security laws. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be
subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose protected health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity
in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. However, determining whether protected health information has been handled
in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation. 

If
we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information or other personal, sensitive, or confidential
information in our possession, we could be found to have breached our contracts. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable privacy
laws, including applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties.
Enforcement activity can also result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement activity can consume
significant internal and outside resources. Furthermore, state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either
injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. In addition, our ongoing efforts to comply
with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require continuous modifications to our compliance
policies, procedures, and systems. 

Many
state laws govern the privacy and security of personal information and data in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each
other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance
efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which went into effect in January 2020 and
provides new data privacy rights for consumers and new operational requirements for companies, which may increase our compliance costs
and potential liability. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out
of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides
for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation.
While there is currently an exception for protected health information that is subject to HIPAA and clinical trial regulations, as currently
written, the CCPA may impact certain of our business activities. In addition, the California Consumer Rights Act, or CPRA, was recently
enacted to strengthen elements of the CCPA and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CPRA imposes additional data protection
obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for
higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data and expands the application of the CCPA to all human resources personal
information of California-based employees. In addition, the CPRA created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue
substantive regulations and is expected to result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. A number of other states
have considered similar privacy proposals, and states have recently enacted their own privacy laws. For example, the Virginia Consumer
Data Protection Act became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado and Utah enacted similar laws that will also become effective in
2023, increasing the complexity of compliance and the risk of failures to comply. These privacy laws may impact our business activities
and exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data. 

In
addition to our operations in the United States, which may be subject to health care and other laws relating to the privacy and security
of health information and other personal information, we may be or become subject to European data privacy laws, regulations and guidelines.
The General Data Protection Regulation, (EU) 2016/679 GDPR became effective on May 25, 2018, and deals with the collection,
use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data, including personal health data, regarding individuals in the
EEA. The GDPR imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, including requirements relating to having
legal bases for processing personal information relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the EEA,
including to the United States, providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal health and other sensitive
data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, keeping personal information secure, having data processing
agreements with third parties who process personal information, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in
respect of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection
authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping.
The GDPR increases substantially the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up
to 10,000,000 or up to 2 of our total worldwide annual turnover for certain comparatively minor offenses, or up to 20,000,000
or up to 4 of our total worldwide annual turnover, whichever is greater, for more serious offenses. The GDPR also confers a private
right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies,
and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. In addition, the GDPR includes restrictions on cross-border
data transfers. 

19 

Following
the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union (i.e., Brexit), and the expiry of the Brexit transition period, which ended
on December 31, 2020, the EU GDPR has been implemented in the United Kingdom (as the UK GDPR). The UK GDPR sits alongside the UK Data
Protection Act 2018 which implements certain derogations in the EU GDPR into UK law. Under the UK GDPR, companies not established in
the UK but who process personal data in relation to the offering of goods or services to individuals in the UK, or to monitor their behavior
will be subject to the UK GDPR the requirements of which are (at this time) largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR and
as such, may lead to similar compliance and operational costs with potential fines of up to 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover.
In 2022, the government of the United Kingdom proposed and debated the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill to harmonize the
2018 Data Protection Act, UK GDPR, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations under one legislative framework. However,
progress on the bill stalled as the government continues to assess the most optimal approach to data protection reform. 

We
currently sell some of our products in the EEA, and the GDPR increases our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data
that we process where such processing is subject to the GDPR, and we are required to have in place additional mechanisms and safeguards
to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual countries. Compliance with the GDPR is a rigorous and time-intensive
process that increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is
a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. We
expect that we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with any obligations under European privacy laws
will be sufficient. If we are investigated by a European data protection authority, we may face fines and other penalties. Any such investigation
or charges by European data protection authorities could have a negative effect on our existing business and on our ability to attract
and retain new clients or partners. 

Proposed
legislation in the U.S. Congress, including changes in U.S. tax law, and the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may adversely
impact us and the value of common shares, pre-funded warrants, and Warrants. 

Changes
to U.S. tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of common shares. In recent years,
many changes to U.S. federal income tax laws have been proposed and made, and additional changes to U.S. federal income tax laws are
likely to continue to occur in the future. 

The
U.S. Congress is currently considering numerous items of legislation which may be enacted prospectively or with retroactive effect, which
legislation could adversely impact our financial performance and the value of common shares. If enacted, most of the proposals would
be effective for the current or later years. The proposed legislation remains subject to change, and its impact on us and the holders
of common shares is uncertain. 

In
addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was recently signed into law and includes provisions that will impact the U.S. federal
income taxation of corporations. Among other items, this legislation includes provisions that will impose a minimum tax on the book income
of certain large corporations and an excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases that would be imposed on the corporation repurchasing
such stock. It is unclear how this legislation will be implemented by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and we cannot predict how
this legislation or any future changes in tax laws might affect us or holders of common shares, pre-funded warrants or Warrants. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
the combination of patents, trade secrets and contractual provisions that we rely on to protect our intellectual property is inadequate,
our ability to commercialize our products successfully will be harmed, and we may not be able to operate our business profitably. 

Our
success depends significantly on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies incorporated in our products. We rely
on a combination of patent protection, trade secret laws and nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect
our proprietary technology. However, these may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. 

The
issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its scope, validity or enforceability. The scope, validity or enforceability of our issued
patents can be challenged in litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, or foreign patent offices.
In addition, our pending patent applications include claims to numerous important aspects of our products under development that are
not currently protected by any of our issued patents. We cannot assure you that any of our pending patent applications will result in
the issuance of patents to us. The USPTO or foreign patent offices may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in our pending
patent applications. Patents issued as a result of the pending patent applications, if any, may not provide us with significant commercial
protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Proceedings before the USPTO or foreign patent offices could result in
adverse decisions as to the priority of our inventions and the narrowing or invalidation of claims in issued patents. The laws of some
foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, if at all. 

Our
competitors may successfully challenge and invalidate or render unenforceable our issued patents, including any patents that may issue
in the future, which could prevent or limit our ability to market our products and could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing
products that are substantially equivalent to ours. In addition, competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products
that provide outcomes that are comparable to our products but that are not covered by our patents. 

In
the event a competitor infringes upon any of our patents or other intellectual property rights, enforcing our rights may be difficult,
time-consuming and expensive, and would divert management s attention from managing our business. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful on the merits in any enforcement effort. In addition, we may not have sufficient resources to litigate, enforce
or defend our intellectual property rights. 

We
could become subject to intellectual property litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s time and
efforts, require us to pay damages, prevent us from marketing our commercially available products or product candidates and/or reduce
the margins we may realize from our products that we may commercialize. 

Whether
a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, and the determination is often uncertain. There may be existing
patents of which we are unaware that our products under development may inadvertently infringe. The likelihood that patent infringement
claims may be brought against us increases as the number of participants in the in vitro diagnostics market increases and as we
achieve more visibility in the marketplace and introduce products to market. 

Any
infringement claim against us, even if without merit, may cause us to incur substantial costs, and would place a significant strain on
our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our core business, and harm our reputation. In some cases, litigation
may be threatened or brought by a patent holding company or other adverse patent owner who has no relevant product revenues and against
whom our patents may provide little or no deterrence. If we were found to infringe any patents, we could be required to pay substantial
damages, including triple damages if an infringement is found to be willful, and royalties and could be prevented from selling our products
unless we obtain a license or are able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. We may not be able to obtain a license enabling
us to sell our products on reasonable terms, or at all, and there can be no assurance that we would be able to redesign our products
in a way that would not infringe those patents. If we fail to obtain any required licenses or make any necessary changes to our technologies
or the products that incorporate them, we may be unable to commercialize one or more of our products or may have to withdraw products
from the market, all of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

We
rely substantially on our trademarks and trade names. If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not
be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be harmed. 

We
rely substantially upon trademarks to build and maintain the integrity of our brand. Our registered and unregistered trademarks or trade
names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared unenforceable or determined to be violating or infringing on other intellectual
property rights. We may not be able to protect or enforce our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we rely upon to build
name recognition among potential partners and customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may
adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market
confusion. Asserting claims against such third parties may be prohibitively expensive. In addition, there could be potential trade name
or trademark infringement, or dilution claims brought by owners of other trademarks against us. Over the long term, if we are unable
to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business
may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names
or other intellectual property may be ineffective, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Litigation from Operating Our Business 

We
may become subject to potential product liability claims, and we may be required to pay damages that exceed our insurance coverage. 

Our
business exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in the design, testing, manufacture, sale and distribution
of our currently marketed products and each of our product candidates that we are seeking to introduce to the market. Someone may allege
that our diagnostic tests identified inaccurate or incomplete information or otherwise failed to perform as designed. We may also be
subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide in the ordinary
course of our business activities. In addition, we may be subject to product liability claims resulting from misuse or off-label use
of our products and product candidates. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could result in an increase
of our product liability insurance rates or in our inability to secure coverage in the future on commercially reasonable terms, if at
all. In addition, if our product liability insurance proves to be inadequate to pay a damage award, we may have to pay the excess of
this award out of our cash reserves, which could significantly harm our financial condition. A product liability claim, even one without
merit, could harm our reputation in the industry, lead to significant legal fees, and result in the diversion of management s attention
from managing our business. 

Current
or future litigation, government investigations and other legal proceedings may harm our business. 

We
have been, currently are and may in the future become, involved in legal proceedings that could have a negative impact on our reputation,
business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from the operation of our business. The types of legal proceedings
we may be or become subject to include patent and other intellectual property claims, product liability claims, employee claims, tort
or contract claims, federal or state regulatory investigations, securities class actions, and other legal proceedings, investigations
or claims. For example, we are currently parties to two securities class action claims and three derivative actions. On March 20, 2020,
we received a voluntary request for documents from the SEC relating to disclosures regarding our COVID-19 test and other matters. Since
that time we and certain of our current and former officers have been cooperating with the SEC and providing documents and information.
The Company has entered into negotiations with the SEC in an attempt to reach a consensual resolution of the matters raised in the SEC s
investigation. Any such resolution may include the imposition of civil penalties, injunctive and other relief against the Company, senior
management and related individuals. We cannot predict the outcome of these negotiations or of the SEC s investigation at this time,
however, to the best of our knowledge, we do not believe that the matter is reasonably likely to result in financial penalties having
a material adverse effect on the Company. Litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and can result in excessive
or unanticipated verdicts and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements
of claims for monetary damages or for agreements to change the way we operate our business, or both. There may be an increase in the
scope of these matters or there may be additional lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations in the future, which could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our
reputation and brand image, undermine our customers confidence and reduce long-term demand for any of our products or other offerings,
even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. For additional information, see Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 

21 

General
Risk Factors 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. 

The
market price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuation in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control.
Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this Risk
Factors section and elsewhere in this report, are: 

sales of our common stock
 by our shareholders, executives, and directors; 

o ur
ability to obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our at-home and POCT product candidates on a timely basis or at
all; 

our ability to enter new
 markets; 

actual or unanticipated
 fluctuations in our annual and quarterly financial results; 

our ability to obtain financings
 to continue and expand our commercial activities, expand our manufacturing operations, conduct research and development activities
 including, but not limited to, human clinical trials, and other business activities; 

our ability to secure resources
 and the necessary personnel to continue and expand our commercial activities, develop additional diagnostic tests, conduct clinical
 trials and gain approval for our diagnostic tests on our desired schedule; 

commencement, enrollment
 or results of our clinical trials of our diagnostic tests or any future clinical trials we may conduct; 

changes in the development
 status of our diagnostic tests; 

any delays or adverse developments
 or perceived adverse developments with respect to review by the FDA or other similar foreign regulatory authorities of our planned
 clinical trials; 

any delay in our submission
 for studies or test approvals or adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval or clearance for
 our diagnostic tests; 

our announcements or our
 competitors announcements regarding new tests, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments; 

failures to meet external
 expectations or management guidance; 

changes in our capital
 structure or dividend policy, including as a result of future issuances of securities and sales of large blocks of common stock by
 our shareholders; 

announcements and events
 surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities; 

competition from existing
 technologies and diagnostic tests or new technologies and diagnostic tests that may emerge; 

announcements of acquisitions,
 partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, new diagnostic tests, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 

changes in general economic,
 political and market conditions in any of the regions in which we conduct our business; 

changes in industry conditions
 or perceptions; 

changes in valuations of
 similar companies or groups of companies; 

analyst research reports,
 recommendations and changes in recommendations, price targets and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures and additions
 of key personnel; 

disputes and litigations
 related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 

changes in applicable laws,
 rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics; 

other events or factors,
 many of which may be out of our control. 

In
addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences
a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition
and results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that,
even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 

22 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Utah law could discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our Company and may affect
the trading price of our common stock. 

We
are a Utah corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Utah Control Shares Acquisition Act may discourage, delay or prevent a
change of control by limiting the voting rights of control shares acquired in a control share acquisition. In addition, our Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that shareholders may consider
favorable. Among other things, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws: 

authorize the issuance
 of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors in response to a takeover attempt; 

provide that vacancies
 on our board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office,
 except a vacancy occurring by reason of the removal of a director without cause shall be filled by vote of the shareholders; 

no right to cumulative
 voting; 

limit who may call special
 meetings of shareholders; and 

Provide for a staggered
 board of directors 

These
provisions could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, whether or not it is desired by, or beneficial to, our
shareholders. 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future dividend payments are within the absolute discretion of our board
of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We may not generate sufficient cash from operations in the future to pay dividends
on our common stock. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are currently a smaller reporting company as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Smaller reporting companies
are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including,
among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our common stock less attractive because of our reliance on any of these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time to public company
compliance programs. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, insurance, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company
reporting. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in
increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from product development and commercialization
activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing
bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may
be harmed. These laws and regulations could make it more difficult and costlier for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance
for our directors and officers, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and qualified members of our
board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit and compensation committees. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet
the legal, regulatory and other requirements related to being a public company, we may not be able to maintain the listing of our common
stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market, which would likely have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

23 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
headquarters are located at 2401 S. Foothill Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah. Our current facility has approximately 14,000 square feet of
laboratory and office space under a lease that expires in February 2024. Our recently acquired subsidiaries also lease additional laboratory
and office space under month-to-month leases. We believe the facility we lease is sufficient to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are at times subject to various legal proceedings and disputes, including the proceedings specifically
discussed below. We assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings utilizing the latest information
available. Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability
in our consolidated financial statements. These legal reserves may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant developments on
a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of loss is not estimable, we do not accrue legal reserves. While the outcome
of legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, based on information currently available and available insurance coverage, our management
believes that it has established appropriate legal reserves. Any incremental liabilities arising from pending legal proceedings are not
expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated
cash flows. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to our consolidated
financial position, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated cash flows. 

Class
Actions and Shareholder Derivative Suits 

Gelt
Securities Class Action (District of Utah) 

On
June 15, 2020, Gelt Trading Co. Gelt filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Utah District
of Utah ), against the Company and certain of our directors and officers, on behalf of itself and a putative class, seeking to
recover damages for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Gelt Litigation ).
The complaint alleges that Co-Diagnostics and the individual defendants overstated the accuracy of the Company s Logix Smart COVID-19
test in statements on April 30, 2020 and May 1, 2020, and that plaintiff suffered losses when the Company s stock price dropped
after public reports questioned the accuracy of the Logix Smart test on May 14, 2020. On July 15, 2020, plaintiff filed an amended complaint.
On March 10, 2021, the court appointed Gelt as Lead Plaintiff, and on April 7, 2021, Lead Plaintiff filed a second amended complaint SAC ), which asserts the same Sections 10(b) and 20(a) claims against the same defendants on largely the same theory. On
May 5, 2021, the defendants moved to dismiss the SAC. On March 9, 2022, the court entered a Decision Order denying the motion to
dismiss, and on April 13, 2022, the defendants filed an answer to the SAC. On October 17, 2022, Gelt filed a motion to certify the putative
class. Discovery is currently underway and the motion to certify the class is pending. The defendants believe the claims are without
merit and intend to defend vigorously against them, but there can be no assurances as to the outcome. 

Shareholder
Derivative Lawsuits (District of Utah Utah State Court) 

On
September 17, 2020, a shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the District of Utah by Luis Aguilera, allegedly on behalf of Co-Diagnostics,
Inc., that substantially piggybacks on the Gelt Litigation referenced above. The lawsuit asserts that the defendants failed to prevent
the alleged securities law violations largely asserted in the Gelt Litigation. On December 2, 2020, a second shareholder derivative lawsuit
was filed in the District of Utah by Melvyn Klein asserting essentially the same claims, allegedly on behalf of Co-Diagnostics, as the
Aguilera shareholder derivative action. And on April 29, 2021, the District of Utah consolidated the two shareholder derivative cases,
with the Aguilera case serving as the lead case under the caption In re Co-Diagnostics, Inc. Derivative Litigation . On May 3,
2022, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint asserting claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and contribution under
Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Defendants answered the amended complaint on June 24, 2022. 

24 

On
November 24, 2020, an additional shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the District of Utah by Matthew Wallace, allegedly on behalf
of Co-Diagnostics, Inc., that also piggybacks on the Gelt Litigation referenced above. It named the same defendants and asserted essentially
the same claims, allegedly on behalf of Co-Diagnostics, as in the other District of Utah shareholder derivative actions referenced above.
On January 25, 2021, another shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the District of Utah by Jason Reagan, asserting essentially
the same claims as in the Wallace lawsuit. On March 18, 2021, the court consolidated the two lawsuits, with the Wallace lawsuit serving
as the lead case. On April 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint asserting claims for breach of fiduciary duty against defendants
and claims for insider trading. 

On
March 29, 2021, an additional shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed in the Third District Court in and for Salt Lake County, State
of Utah Utah State Court by Hua Ding, allegedly on behalf of Co-Diagnostics, Inc., that also piggybacks on the Gelt Litigation
referenced above. It names the same defendants and asserts essentially the same claims as in In re Co-Diagnostics, Inc. Derivative
Litigation pending in the District of Utah referenced above. On December 12, 2022, a second shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed
in Utah State Court by Kathryn Matuch asserting essentially the same claims, allegedly on behalf of Co-Diagnostics, as the Ding shareholder
derivative action. 

The
defendants believe the claims asserted in all of the shareholder derivative lawsuits referenced above are without merit and intend to
defend vigorously against them, but there can be no assurances as to the outcome. 

Stadium
Capital Securities Class Action (Southern District of New York) 

On
August 16, 2022, Stadium Capital LLC Stadium filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, against Co-Diagnostics, Inc., and certain of our officers, on behalf of itself and a putative class, seeking to recover
damages for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that Co-Diagnostics
and the individual defendants overstated the demand for the Company s Logix Smart COVID-19 test in statements on May 12, 2022 and
June 15, 2022. The complaint alleges that plaintiff suffered losses when the Company s stock price dropped after the Company disclosed
its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 in a press release on August 11, 2022. On October 31, 2022, Stadium filed a
motion seeking to be appointed as Lead Plaintiff and for Kaplan Fox Kilsheimer LLP to be appointed as lead counsel. That motion
is pending before the U.S. District Court. The defendants believe the claims are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against
them, but there can be no assurances as to the outcome. 

Commercial
Litigation 

Co-Diagnostics,
Inc. v. Hukui Technology, Inc., et al. (Third Judicial District Court, Salt Lake County, State of Utah, Civil No. 210902131, filed on
April 21, 2021). 

The
Company filed a complaint against Defendants Hukui Technology, Inc., Hukui Tech, Inc., and Hukui Bio Co., Ltd (collectively, Hukui seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company is not obligated to any of them in any amount. On August 24, 2021, Hukui filed their
Answer and Counterclaim seeking damages on a number of theories, including breach of contract for letter agreements, breach of oral agreement,
promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, and interference with economic relations. Hukui requested a money judgment against the Company
in an amount to be determined at trial. On September 20, 2021, Hukui filed their Unopposed Motion for Leave to Amend Answer to the Complaint,
Affirmative Defenses, and Counterclaims and, on October 14, 2021, Hukui filed their Amended Answer and Counterclaims seeking damages
on declaratory judgment, as well as breach of contract for letters of authorization, breach of oral agreement, promissory estoppel, unjust
enrichment, and interference with economic relations. In 2022 the parties exchanged their initial disclosures, exchanged written discovery
requests, and conducted a number of depositions on each side that were concluded in January 2023. The Company believes the claims are
without merit and intends to defend vigorously against them, but there can be no assurances as to the outcome. 

Co-Diagnostics,
Inc. v. Pantheon International Advisors Ltd. (Third Judicial District Court, Salt Lake County, State of Utah, Civil No. 210902609, filed
on May 14, 2021). 

The
Company filed a complaint against Pantheon International Advisors Pantheon asking the court to declare that the Company
has no ongoing contractual business relationship with Pantheon, no monies owing, nor does Pantheon have any interest, right, title or
claim to any stock issued by the Company or ownership of any kind in the Company. Pantheon was served with a 30-Day Summons on September
9, 2021 to which it failed to respond, and a default judgement against Pantheon International Advisors was entered by the Court on November
28, 2021. The time to appeal from the judgment or seek to vacate the judgment has passed. 

After
learning that the Company had initiated suit in Utah, and after learning of Company s intent to serve it with process of that suit,
on May 24, 2021, Pantheon filed a claim against the Company in the Royal Courts of Justice Group, Queens Bench Division, Claim No. QB-21-002245,
stating that the Company owes Pantheon 2,860,809.79 for alleged breach of contract for failing to make payments purportedly due under
a contract allegedly entered into on October 18, 2018. The Company is being represented locally in the UK by Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
LLP in that matter. On March 4, 2022, the Company filed a jurisdictional challenge to the UK suit, alleging that there was no 2018 agreement,
and that the Company is not subject to jurisdiction in the UK. The oral argument and presentation of evidence on solely the jurisdictional
claim took place on November 9, 2022, with the court taking the matter of jurisdiction over the Company under advisement. The court has
not yet ruled on the motion to dismiss, and it is not yet known when the court will rule upon that motion. The Company intends to vigorously
defend against the UK claims and will seek to the full extent possible to enforce its rights under the Declaratory Judgment already obtained
in Utah but there can be no assurances as to the outcome. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in litigation and other proceedings relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal
course of business and to inquiries from FINRA, NASDAQ and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). On March 20,
2020, the Company received a voluntary request for documents from the SEC relating to disclosures regarding our COVID-19 test and other
matters. Since that time we and certain of our current and former officers have been cooperating with the SEC and providing documents
and information. The Company has entered into negotiations with the SEC in an attempt to reach a consensual resolution of the matters
raised in the SEC s investigation. Any such resolution may include the imposition of civil penalties, injunctive and other relief
against the Company, senior management and related individuals. We cannot predict the outcome of these negotiations or of the SEC s
investigation at this time, however, to the best of our knowledge, we do not believe that the matter is reasonably likely to result in
financial penalties having a material adverse effect on the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock has been quoted on the NASDAQ market under the symbol CODX since July 12, 2017. 

Holders 

As
of March 14, 2023, the last reported sales price reported on NASDAQ for our common stock was 2.99 per share. As of March 14, 2023, we
had approximately 154 record holders of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers,
and registered clearing agencies. The transfer agent for our common stock is VStock Transfer LLC located at 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere,
New York 11598. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. The payment of dividends on our common stock in the future will
depend on our earnings, capital requirements, operating and financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors may
consider appropriate. We currently expect to use all available funds to finance the future development and expansion of our business
and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

 Pursuant
to Section 16-10a-640 of the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act, no distribution may be made if, after giving it effect: 

(a) 
 the corporation would not
 be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

(b) 
 the corporation s
 total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless the articles of incorporation permit otherwise, the
 amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential
 rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

26 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

Share
Repurchase Program 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 Period 
 (a) Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 (b) Average price paid per share (1) 
 (c Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) 
 (d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1) 
 
 10/01/22 - 10/31/22 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 17,005,627 
 
 11/01/22 - 11/30/22 
 4,750 
 3.01 
 4,750 
 16,991,319 
 
 12/01/22 - 12/31/22 
 462,582 
 2.60 
 462,582 
 15,788,134 

Total 
 467,332 
 2.61 
 467,332 
 15,788,134 

(1) 
 In March 2022, the company
 announced that its board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 30.0 million of the company s outstanding common
 stock. The extent to which the company repurchases its shares, and the timing of such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of
 factors, including trading volume, market conditions, legal requirements, business conditions and other factors. The repurchase program
 may be discontinued at any time, and the program does not obligate the company to acquire any specific number of shares of its common
 stock. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The
following management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations describes the principal factors
affecting the results of our operations, financial condition, and changes in financial condition. This discussion should be read in conjunction
with the accompanying audited financial statements, and notes thereto, included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information,
this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those
set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

27 

Business
Overview 

Co-Diagnostics,
Inc., a Utah corporation (the Company or CODX ), develops, manufactures and sells reagents used for diagnostic
tests that function via the detection and/or analysis of nucleic acid molecules (DNA or RNA), including robust and innovative molecular
tools for detection of infectious diseases, liquid biopsy for cancer screening, and agricultural applications. In connection with the
sale of our tests we may sell diagnostic equipment from other manufacturers as self-contained lab systems (which we refer to as the MDx
Device ). We are also developing a unique, groundbreaking portable PCR device and proprietary test cups (the Co-Dx PCR Home
platform that have been designed to bring affordable, reliable polymerase chain reaction PCR to patients in point-of-care
and even at-home settings. This platform is subject to U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA review and is not available
for sale at the time of this filing. There is no guarantee the our Co-Dx PCR Home platform will receive the necessary regulatory approvals
for commercialization, or that, if regulatory approval is received, we will be able to successfully commercialize this platform. 

Our
diagnostics systems enable dependable, low-cost, molecular testing for organisms and genetic diseases by automating or simplifying historically
complex procedures in both the development and administration of tests. CODX s technical advance involves a novel, patented approach
to PCR test design of primer and probe structure CoPrimers that eliminates one of the key vexing issues of PCR amplification:
the exponential growth of primer-dimer pairs (false positives and false negatives) which adversely interferes with identification of
the target DNA/RNA. 

We
believe our proprietary molecular diagnostics technology is paving the way for innovation in disease detection and life sciences research
through our enhanced detection of genetic material. For various reasons, including owning our own platform, we believe we will be able
to accomplish this faster and more economically than some competitors, allowing for significant margins while still positioning ourselves
as a low-cost provider of molecular diagnostics and screening services. 

In
addition, continued development has demonstrated the unique properties of our CoPrimer technology that we believe makes it ideally suited
for a variety of applications where specificity is key to optimal results, including multiplexing several targets, enhanced Single Nucleotide
Polymorphism SNP detection and enrichment for next generation sequencing. 

Our
scientists use the complex mathematics of DNA/RNA PCR test design to engineer and optimize PCR tests and to automate algorithms that
rapidly screen millions of possible options to pinpoint the optimum design. Dr. Brent Satterfield, our founder, developed the intellectual
property we use in our business, consisting of the predictive mathematical algorithms and patented molecular structure used in the testing
process, which together represent a major advance in PCR testing systems. CODX technologies are now protected by more than 20 granted
or pending US and foreign patents, as well as certain trade secrets and copyrights. Ownership of our proprietary platform permits us
the advantage of avoiding payment of patent royalties required by other PCR test systems, which may allow the sale of diagnostic PCR
tests at a lower price than competitors, while enabling us to maintain profit margins. 

Our
proprietary test design process involves identifying the optimal locations on the target genes for amplification and pair the locations
with the optimized primer and probe structure to achieve outputs that meet the design input requirements identified from market research.
This is done by following planned and documented processes, procedures and testing. In other words, we use the data resulting from our
tests to verify whether we succeeded in designing what we intended. Verification involves a series of testing that concludes that the
product is ready to proceed to validation in an evaluation either in our laboratory or in an independent laboratory setting using initial
production tests to confirm that the product as designed meets the user needs. 

We
may either sell or lease the MDx Device to labs and diagnostic centers, through sale or lease agreements, and sell the reagents that
comprise our proprietary tests to those laboratories and testing facilities. 

Using
our proprietary test design system and proprietary reagents, we have designed and obtained regulatory approval in the European Community
and/or in India to sell PCR diagnostic tests for the detection of COVID-19, influenza, tuberculosis, hepatitis B and C, human papillomavirus,
malaria, chikungunya, dengue, and the Zika virus. In the United States, we obtained Emergency Use Authorization EUA for
our Logix Smart COVID-19 detection test from the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and we sell that test to qualified labs. In addition,
our COVID-19 detection test and certain of our other suite of COVID-19 products have been approved for sale in countries such as the
United Kingdom, Australia and Mexico by the regulatory bodies in those countries and have been registered for sale in many more countries. 

28 

In
addition to testing for infectious disease, the technology lends itself to identifying any section of a DNA or RNA strand that describes
any type of genetic trait, which creates several significant applications. We, in conjunction with our customers, are active in designing
and licensing tests that identify genetic traits in plant and animal genomes. We also have three multiplexed tests developed to test
mosquitos for the identification of diseases carried by the mosquitos to enable municipalities to concentrate their efforts in managing
mosquito populations on the specific areas known to be breeding the mosquitos that carry deadly viruses. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
table below provides a comparison of our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Year Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 
 34,218,209 
 97,885,603 
 (63,667,394 
 -65 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 5,481,092 
 11,574,944 
 (6,093,852 
 -53 
 
 Gross profit 
 28,737,117 
 86,310,659 
 (57,573,542 
 -67 
 
 Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 
 7,344,628 
 13,397,813 
 (6,053,185 
 -45 
 
 General and administrative 
 14,262,963 
 11,550,615 
 2,712,348 
 23 
 
 Research and development 
 17,438,098 
 14,961,916 
 2,476,182 
 17 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,282,718 
 335,363 
 947,355 
 282 
 
 Goodwill impairment charges 
 15,388,546 
 - 
 15,388,546 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 55,716,953 
 40,245,707 
 15,471,246 
 38 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (26,979,836 
 46,064,952 
 (73,044,788 
 -159 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Interest income 
 704,044 
 45,631 
 658,413 
 1443 
 
 Loss on disposition of assets 
 (138,117 
 (44,355 
 (93,762 
 211 
 
 Gain on remeasurement of acquisition contingencies 
 7,899,644 
 - 
 7,899,644 
 - 
 
 Loss on equity method investment in joint venture 
 (332,969 
 (430,433 
 97,464 
 -23 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 8,132,602 
 (429,157 
 8,561,759 
 -1995 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (18,847,234 
 45,635,795 
 (64,483,029 
 -141 
 
 Income tax provision (benefit) 
 (4,608,985 
 8,977,231 
 (13,586,216 
 -151 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (14,238,249 
 36,658,564 
 (50,896,813 
 -139 

29 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 34.2 million of revenue compared to revenue of 97.9 million in the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in revenue of 63.7 million was primarily due to lower sales of our Logix Smart COVID-19 test throughout the world,
which was developed in response to the current COVID-19 pandemic. As global attention and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, we have experienced significantly
decreases in demand for our COVID-19 test. We anticipate that demand for our COVID-19 test will continue to normalize as concerns relating
to COVID-19 further wane. 

Cost
of Revenues and Gross Profit 

Cost
of revenues decreased by 6.1 million from 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 5.5 million for the year ended December
31, 2022. The decrease in revenues combined with a larger percentage of fixed product manufacturing costs resulted in a lower cost of
revenues and gross margin percentage. Our gross margin was 84.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 88.2 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
incurred total operating expenses of 55.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to total operating expenses of 40.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to the impairment of goodwill recorded
in conjunction with the acquisitions of IdMo and ACI, increases in depreciation and amortization of capital and intangible assets, increased
expenses related to personnel, including stock-based compensation, and increased investment in research and development, offset by decreased
sales and marketing expenses, including third party sales commissions, in relation to the reduction of revenue. 

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7.3 million compared to 13.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2021. The decrease of 6.1 million was primarily a result of decreased variable compensation, such as bonuses and commissions, and decreased
third-party sales commissions, partially offset by increased stock-based compensation expense. 

General
and administrative expenses increased 2.7 million from 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 14.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased insurance expense and professional,
legal, and advisory fees, as well as increased stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by decreased variable compensation
expense. 

Our
research and development expenses increased by 2.4 million from 15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 17.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary increase in expenses related to increased personnel expenses in conjunction with our
acquisitions of IdMo and ACI on December 31, 2021, the primary focus of which relates to the point-of-care device development, as well
as increased stock-based compensation expense. Additionally, there has been an increase in professional and lab services utilized to
further help us in our research and product development activities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized impairment charges of 15,388,546 related to goodwill recorded in conjunction
with the acquisitions of IdMo and ACI on December 31, 2021. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income was 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to other expense of 0.4 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in other income of 8.6 million was primarily due to a change in the fair value of contingent consideration
liabilities recorded in conjunction with the acquisitions of IdMo and ACI and driven by changes in the Company s stock price, as well as increased interest income due to higher
investment balances and interest rates in 2022 compared to 2021. 

30 

Net
Income 

We
realized a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 14.2 million compared to net income of 36.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income of 50.9 million was primarily the result of reduced sales of our Logix Smart COVID-19
test, increased operating expenses as discussed above, and impairment of the goodwill recorded in conjunction with the acquisitions of
IdMo and ACI, partially offset by gains related to change in the fair value of acquisition related contingent liabilities. Additionally,
we recorded an income tax benefit of 4.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to income tax expense of 9.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At
December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 23.0 million and marketable investment securities of 58.3 million. We consider
our marketable investment securities an important part of our liquidity and focus such investments in securities that can readily be
converted into cash if needed. Additionally, our total current assets at December 31, 2022, were 92.7 million compared to total current
liabilities of 3.9 million. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.6 million, compared to 41.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash from operating activities was primarily due to our decreased revenue and accounts receivable. 

We
used 58.2 million of cash in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4.1 million of cash from investing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used in investing activities is primarily due to purchases of
marketable investment securities. 

Net
cash used in financing activities was 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.5 million of cash from financing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the repurchase of outstanding common shares during
the current fiscal year. 

Since
commencing sales of our Logix Smart COVID-19 test in March 2020, we have used our cash generated from those sales to fund the purchase
of inventories and the development of our point-of-care device, and to pay our operating expenses. We have increased our work force most
significantly in research and development in order to continue development of a new device and additional tests that will enable continued
use of our distributor network to sell additional products throughout the world. 

We
believe that our existing capital resources and the cash generated from future sales will be sufficient to meet our projected operating
requirements for the next 12 months. However, our available capital resources may be consumed more
rapidly than currently expected and we may need or want to raise additional financing for strategic opportunities. If needed, we expect
additional investment capital to come from (i) additional issuances of our common stock with existing and new investors or (ii) the private
placement of other securities with investors similar to those that have provided funding in the past. We may not be able to secure such
financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms, if at all. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ).
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported
revenues and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other
factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, within Note 2 of
our consolidated financial statements in the section titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , we believe that
the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate
to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Trade
accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of any allowance. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts
for amounts the Company does not expect to collect. In establishing the required allowance, management considers historical losses, current
market condition, customers financial condition, the age of receivables, and current payment patterns. Account balances are written
off against the allowance once the receivable is deemed uncollectible. If actual accounts receivable collections are less favorable than
those projected by management at the time of the assessment, however, additional accounts receivable write-downs may be required, which
could reduce our earnings. 

31 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

The
useful lives of intangible assets with definite lives are based on the expected number of years the asset will generate revenue or otherwise
be used by us and the related amortization is based on the straight-line method. Goodwill, which has an indefinite life, is not amortized
but instead is tested at least annually for impairment, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
asset might be impaired. Examples of such events or circumstances include: 

the
asset s ability to continue to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods; 

any volatility or significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization compared to our net book value; 

loss of legal ownership or title to an asset; 

 significant
changes in our strategic business objectives and utilization of our assets; and 

 the
impact of significant negative industry or economic trends. 

If
a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned factors or estimates, the likelihood of a material change in our reported results
would increase. For goodwill, the entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform
the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with the carrying
amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is considered not impaired; otherwise,
goodwill is impaired and the loss is recorded. We completed our annual evaluation for impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2022
and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 15,388,546. 

Accounting
for Business Combinations 

Under
the acquisition method of accounting, the cost of an acquired business is assigned to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets
acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We assess fair value, which is
the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date, using a variety of methods including, but not limited to, an income approach and a market approach, such as
the estimation of future cash flows of the acquired business and current selling prices of similar assets. These valuations require us
to make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
including intangible assets, in-process research and development, and contingent payments, are measured based on the assumptions and
estimations with regards to variable factors such as the amount and timing of future cash flows for the asset or liability being measured,
appropriate risk-adjusted discount rates, or other factors that market participants would consider. Upon acquisition, we determine the
estimated economic lives of the acquired intangible assets for amortization purposes, which are based on the underlying expected cash
flows of such assets. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business
combination that is not individually identified and separately recognized. Actual results may vary from projected results and assumptions
used in the fair value assessments. If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of a reporting period
that falls within the measurement period, we report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we
adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. We
record these adjustments to the provisional amounts with a corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments identified after the measurement
period are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Inventories

We
periodically review inventory for both potential obsolescence and potential declines in anticipated selling prices. In this review, we
make assumptions about the future demand for and market value of the inventory and based on these assumptions estimate the amount of
any obsolete, unmarketable, slow moving or overvalued inventory. We write down the value of our inventories by an amount equal to the
difference between the cost of the inventory and the net realizable value. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those
projected by management at the time of the assessment, however, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could reduce
our earnings. 

Income
Taxes 

Significant
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, current tax assets and liabilities, deferred tax assets and liabilities,
and our future taxable income, both as a whole and in various tax jurisdictions, for purposes of assessing our ability to realize future
benefit from our deferred tax assets. We recognize in the financial statements the impact of a tax position if that position is more
likely than not to be sustained during an audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. While we believe
that we have appropriate support for the positions taken on our tax returns, we regularly assess the potential outcome of examinations
by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
for more information on income taxes. 

The
foregoing estimates, expectations and forward-looking statements are subject to change as we make strategic operating decisions from
time to time and as our revenue and expenses fluctuate from period to period. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required. 

32 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Table
of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 34 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 35 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 36 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 37 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 38 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 39 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Co-Diagnostics,
Inc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss),
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

As
discussed in Note 4 and in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired Idaho Molecular, Inc., and Advanced
Conceptions, Inc. in December 2021. As part of the transaction, the Company acquired intangible assets totaling 27,195,000, and goodwill
totaling 15,388,546. The Company assesses these assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances
occur that may indicate impairment. The Company s analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022, required significant judgment
to create a valuation based on future cash flows. As a result of their analysis, the Company fully impaired its goodwill, while no impairment
was recorded for the intangible assets. 

We
identified the carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets as a critical audit matter because management s assessment of
the acquisition is highly subjective. This required an increased amount of effort, including the need to involve our internal valuation
specialist, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, among others, gaining an understanding of management s process for developing the fair
value estimate. We also evaluated the expertise, qualifications, and independence of management s specialist engaged to complete
the evaluation. We used professionals inside our firm with specialized skills and knowledge to assess the Company s methodology.
We considered the inputs, sources of data used, assumptions, and estimates used in the valuation model. We tested the mathematical accuracy
of the underlying schedules used in the valuation assessment to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the reports. Finally, we considered
the sensitivity of changes to key assumptions in the model. 

/s/

March
16, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

34 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable investment securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Income taxes receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Note receivable 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 

Investment in joint venture 

Note receivable 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses, current 

Operating lease liability, current 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent consideration liabilities, current 

Income taxes payable 
 - 

Deferred revenue 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent consideration liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Treasury stock, at cost; and shares held as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

35 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Loss on disposition of assets 

Gain on remeasurement of acquisition contingencies 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on equity method investment in joint venture 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income 

Change in net unrealized gains on marketable securities, net of tax 
 
 - 
 
 Total other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

36 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Convertible
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 Treasury 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for option
 exercises 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for option
 exercises 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant
 exercises 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Repurchases of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive income,
 net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

37 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill impairment charges 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 

Change in fair value of acquisition contingencies 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash lease expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from equity method investment 

Loss on disposition of assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable investment securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in joint venture 
 - 

Business combinations, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from exercise of options and warrants 

Repurchases of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions 

Inventory moved to property, plant and equipment 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Business acquisition measurement period adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for business acquisitions 

Fair value of contingent common stock issued as consideration for business acquisitions 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

38 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

with an allowance for uncollectable
accounts of resulting in a net amount of . At December 31, 2021 total accounts receivable was with an
allowance for uncollectable accounts of resulting in a net amount of . 

in inventory, of which 
was finished goods and was raw materials. At December 31, 2021, the Company had in inventory, of which 
was finished goods and was raw materials. The Company establishes reserves to reduce low-moving, obsolete, or unusable inventories
to their estimated useful or scrap values. 

. 

and of research and development costs
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

or more of the total revenue for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. One customer accounted for approximately and two customers together accounted for approximately of total revenue
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Three
customers accounted for more than of accounts receivable, and two customers each accounted for more than of accounts receivable,
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These customers together accounted for approximately and of accounts receivable
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and a corresponding operating right-of-use asset of . 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 Level 1: 

Money market funds 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Subtotal 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Level 2: 

U.S. treasury securities 
 
 - 

Subtotal 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Marketable
investment securities held as of December 31, 2022 mature over the next 12 months. 

million shares of the Company s common stock and contingent consideration that includes up to approximately 
million shares and approximately 
warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The contingent consideration is based on the achievement of certain
milestones, which include regulatory approval for identified products, as well as production and net revenue targets. Upon the
completion of the acquisition, both ACI and IdMo became 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 

The
fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based on a preliminary valuation, with estimates and assumptions subject to
change within the measurement period. During 2022, the Company finalized negotiations that were ongoing as of December 31, 2021 with
one remaining shareholder of ACI, which resulted in an increase to the purchase consideration of . Additionally, there was an
increase of in the estimated tax liabilities that resulted from the acquisition. Due to the change in purchase consideration
and estimated tax liabilities, a measurement period adjustment was recorded, resulting in an increase to goodwill of . 

Following
the resolution with the remaining shareholder, the total number of shares exchanged as purchase consideration was approximately million
shares. Additionally, the updated purchase consideration includes contingent consideration of up to approximately million shares
and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
addition, the adjustments to the provisional purchase consideration amount resulted in an increase in the gain on remeasurement of acquisition
contingencies of . 

Payable to shareholder 

- 
 
 Fair value of contingent shares 

Fair value of contingent warrants 

Total fair value of consideration transferred 

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 
 
 - 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 

Property and equipment 
 
 - 

Technology - In-process research and development 
 
 - 

Non-competition agreements 
 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued other expenses 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 - 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
in-process research and development is considered an indefinite-lived intangible until the completion or abandonment of the research
and development activities. The non-competition agreements are being amortized over a range of to years. 

- 

Marketable securities (U.S. treasury bills and notes) 
 - 
 
 - 

Total assets measured at fair value 
 - 
 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration - common stock 
 - 
 - 

Contingent consideration - warrants 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 - 
 - 

(Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 Total 

December 31, 2021 

(Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 Total 
 
 Assets: 

Marketable securities (certificates of deposit) 
 - 
 
 - 

Total assets measured at fair value 
 - 
 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration - common stock 
 - 
 - 

Contingent consideration - warrants 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 - 
 - 

The
Company s financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of certificates of deposit and U.S.
treasury bills and notes as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

In
connection with the acquisitions of IdMo and ACI on December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a liability for contingent consideration
in the form of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock. The fair value of contingent consideration is calculated
using a discounted probability weighted valuation model. Discount rates used in such calculations are a significant assumption that are
not observed in the market, and therefore, the resulting fair value represents a Level 3 measurement. 

Change in contingent purchase consideration for measurement period adjustments 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration issued for business acquisitions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

The
fair value of the contingent consideration is based on the fair value of the contingent consideration-common stock and contingent consideration-warrants.
The fair value of the contingent consideration-common stock is equal to the probability-adjusted value of the Company s common
stock as of the valuation date. The fair value of the contingent consideration-warrants is equal to the probability adjusted value of
a call option with terms consistent with the terms of the warrants as of the valuation date. Prior to the probability adjustments, the
warrants were valued based on the following inputs: 

Strike price 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Expected term 

In
order to calculate the probability-adjusted value of the contingent consideration-common stock and contingent
consideration-warrants, the Company estimated the probability as of the valuation date of achieving certain milestones, which
include regulatory approval for identified products, as well as production and net revenue targets. The probability of achieving the
milestone related to net revenues was estimated as of the acquisition date using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model.
Significant inputs other than the fair value assumptions noted above were consistent as of the valuation date. The unobservable
significant inputs to the valuation model were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Stock price 

Risk-free rate 

Expected term 

Weighted-average cost of capital 

Revenue discount rate 

Equity volatility 

Asset volatility 

Revenue volatility 

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The
carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash held in banks, accounts receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable,
accrued liabilities, and other liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities and are excluded from the fair value
tables above. 

- 

Leasehold improvements 
 - 

Office equipment, furniture and other 
 - 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Fixed assets, net 

Measurement period adjustments 

Goodwill impairment charges 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 

The
Company assesses goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis, or whenever events or changes in circumstances
occur that indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. The Company estimates the fair value of its
reporting unit by using forecasts of discounted future cash flows and peer market multiples. If the fair value is less than the carrying
value, impairment will be recognized in the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The Company performed a qualitative
and quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022. Based on the impairment assessment performed the Company concluded
that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s reporting unit was less than it s carrying amount.
Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill to 0 . 

Intangible
Assets, Net 

- 

Non-competition agreements 

Total intangible assets 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted-Average 
 Gross 
 
 Net 

Useful Life (1) 
 Carrying 
 Accumulated 
 Carrying 

(in Years) 
 Amount 
 Amortization 
 Amount 
 
 In-process research and development 

- 

Non-competition agreements 

- 

Total intangible assets 

- 

2024 

Total 

Distributor commissions 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total accrued expenses 

Rest of World 

Total 

Percentage of revenue by area: 

United States 

Rest of World 

Deferred
Revenue 

Revenue recognized included in deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period 

Increase due to prepayments from customers 

Increase due to note receivable 

Decrease due to refunds to customers and application to open balances 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Revenue recognized included in deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares, basic 

Dilutive effect of stock options, warrants and RSUs 
 - 

Shares used to compute diluted earnings per share 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, potentially dilutive securities of were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. The computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 also excludes the approximately million shares of common stock and approximately warrants to purchase
shares of common stock mentioned in Note 4 that are contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones. 

As
a result of incurring a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, potentially dilutive securities are included in the calculation
of diluted earnings per share because such effect would be anti-dilutive. The Company had potentially dilutive securities as of December
31, 2022, consisting of: (i) restricted stock units and (ii) options. 

shares of common stock. The number of awards available for issuance under
the Incentive Plan was at December 31, 2022. 

Stock
Options 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and 
million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million
and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were no unvested options and no unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense related to options. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Warrants 

The
Company has issued warrants related to financings, acquisitions and as compensation to third parties for services provided. The Company
estimates the fair value of issued warrants on the date of issuance as determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model. The Company amortizes
the fair value of issued warrants using a vesting schedule based on the terms and conditions of each warrant if granted for services. 

Granted 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Issued for adjustments to contingent purchase consideration 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The
intrinsic value of warrants exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively.
The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding warrants at December 31, 2022 was approximately . 

warrants are exercisable at December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 3 and Note 4, approximately warrants to purchase shares of
the Company s common stock were issued in connection with the acquisition of ACI and IdMo. The ability to exercise the warrants
is contingent upon the achievement of certain development and revenue milestones on or before January 1, 2027. There was no unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense related to warrants. 

See
Note 5 for additional information regarding the fair value calculation of the warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Stock
Issued for Services 

The
Company has issued restricted stock to third parties for services provided. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock granted
is determined using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date with the associated compensation expense
amortized over the vesting period of the stock awards. The Company issued and shares of restricted stock for services during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and there was no unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock issued. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Restricted stock units 

Stock 
 - 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Total income tax (benefit) expense 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent differences: 

- Foreign derived intangible income deduction 
 
 - 
 
 - Stock based compensation 
 - 

- Contingent consideration remeasurement 

- Goodwill impairment 
 - 

- Other permanent differences 
 - 

Research and development credits 
 
 - 
 
 Change in uncertain tax positions 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Effective income tax rate 

- 
 
 Reserves and allowances 

Deferred compensation 

Research and development credits 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 UNICAP 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangibles, net 

Prepaids 

Right of use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax (liabilities) 

Less valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax (liabilities) 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards and no federal research and development credit carryforwards.
At December 31, 2022, the Company had no state net operating loss carryforwards and of state research and development credit
carryforwards. If unused, the state research credit carryforward will expire in 2036. 

ASC
Topic 740-10-05 requires that the impact of a tax position be recognized in the financial statements if that position is more likely
than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. Our unrecognized tax benefit balances included 
at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 of tax positions that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. The
Company expects no material changes to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. Interest and penalties associated
with uncertain tax positions are recorded as a component of income tax expense. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
unrecognized benefits is as follows: 

Gross increases - current year tax positions 

Gross increases - prior year tax positions 
 
 - 
 
 Gross decreases - prior year tax positions 

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

Interest and penalties in year-end balance 
 
 - 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the United States and other state jurisdictions. The tax years from December 31, 2019 through December
31, 2022 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company
is subject. The Company is not currently under examination by any taxing authority. 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Short-term
lease costs under month-to-month lease agreements are paid to related parties. 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Less: current portion 

Long-term portion 

Remaining lease term of operating leases 
 year 
 
 Discount rate of operating leases 

Litigation 

Liabilities
for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies
are expensed as incurred. 

The Company is a defendant in two class action claims and three derivative
actions claiming that the Company promulgated false and misleading press releases to increase the price of our stock to improperly
benefit the officers and directors of the Company. The plaintiffs demand compensatory damages sustained as a result of the Company s
alleged wrongdoing in an amount to be proven at trial. The Company believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend the
cases vigorously. The Company is unable to estimate a range of loss, if any, that could result were there to be an adverse final decision
in these cases. As of the date of this report, the Company does not believe it is probable that these cases will result in an unfavorable
outcome; however, if an unfavorable outcome were to occur in these cases, it is possible that the impact could be material to the Company s
results of operations in the period(s) in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable. 

million of CODX common stock. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of common
shares, and the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. The timing and amount
of any share repurchases under the share repurchase program will be determined by Co-Diagnostics management at its discretion
based on ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, the market price of the Company s common stock, corporate and
regulatory requirements, and general market conditions. 

For
accounting purposes, common stock repurchased under the stock repurchase program is recorded based upon the transaction date of the applicable
trade. Such repurchased shares are held in treasury and are presented using the cost method. These shares are not retired and are considered
issued but not outstanding. The following table shows the changes in treasury stock for the periods presented: 

Repurchases of common stock 

Balance, end of period 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in rules and forms adopted by the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial
officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation, management has concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a- 15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its evaluation, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). 

Based
on this evaluation, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting since we are a non-accelerated filer. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit non-accelerated filers to provide only management s report in the
10-K. 

57 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting are intended to be designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.
However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting
will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty,
and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers and directors as of March 16, 2023. The following is information
on the business experience of each director and executive officer now serving and a discussion of the qualifications, attributes and
skills that led to the board of directors conclusion that each one is qualified to serve as a director or as an executive officer
as the case may be. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dwight Egan 
 
 69 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Brian
 Brown 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Eugene Durenard 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 James Nelson 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard Serbin 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 Ted
 Murphy 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

The
following is a brief summary of the background of each of our directors: 

Edward
Murphy has been a member of our board of directors since June 2019. Since December 1999, Mr. Murphy has served as a senior
vice president and a partner of Dover Investments Ltd., a private investment firm. Throughout his career, Mr. Murphy s duties
have included investment analysis of various types of investment projects in real estate and financial services. Currently, Mr.
Murphy serves on the board of directors of several Canadian publicly reporting companies that have interests in various industries.
He has been a Director at Empire Minerals Corporation Inc. since January 2016, at Digicrypts Blockchain Solutions Inc. from June
2011 to November 2022, at Lakefield Marketing Corporation since February 2018, CEO/CFO and Director of Credo Resources Inc. since
September 2019, at the Mosport Park Entertainment Corporation since April 30, 1997, at Essex Oil Ltd. Since July 2021, and at
Darkhorse Technologies Ltd. since November 2021. He served as a Director at Aurquest Resources from May 2003 to December 2017. Mr.
Murphy s experience in the capital markets outside the United States and his involvement in investment analysis is a benefit
to the board of directors. 

58 

Richard
Serbin has been a member of our board of directors since May 2017. Mr. Serbin currently serves as a consultant to many companies
in the healthcare industry. He was the President of Corporate Development and In-House Legal Counsel at Life Science Institute, LLC,
from June 1, 2013 to July 15, 2014. He was appointed to the Advisory Board of Cure Pharmaceutical in January 2017 and has been a Member of Advisory Board at Prime Access,
Inc. since September 2015. Mr. Serbin has been a Director at Rapid Nutrition Plc since November 18, 2014. He served as Director at Viropro
Inc. from May 2013 to June 2014. He was Head of Business Advisory Board at Mazal Plant Pharmaceuticals Inc. from October 2006 to September
2007 and also served as its Member of Business Advisory Board. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Optigenex Inc. from July 2002
to September 15, 2005 and a director from July 2004 to September 2005. From January 1999 until July 2002 Mr. Serbin served as a consultant
to various pharmaceutical companies. He served as the President of Bradley Pharmaceuticals. He served as Vice President of Corporate
Development at Ortho Pharmaceuticals, a Johnson Johnson subsidiary, and practiced Patent and FDA law at Revlon Johnson Johnson
and Schering-Plough. He served as Patent Attorney for Schering Plough Corporation and Chief FDA Counsel for Revlon Corporation and Johnson
and Johnson Corporation. Subsequently, he worked at Revlon Corporation, as its Chief Food, Drug and Cosmetic Counsel. He founded Radius
Scientific Corporation. He was J J s Vice President of Corporate Development, and later led a successful public offering venture
based on technology developed at Stanford Medical School. Mr. Serbin spent a large portion of his career focusing on international markets
and clients. While at J J, Mr. Serbin served on the board of directors of 16 US and international subsidiary companies, including
Ethicon, Ortho, J J Consumer Products, Pittman-Moore, Mc Neil, and J J Development Corporation. He worked on multiple international
acquisitions and strategic relationships, and sat on the board of directors of several of its international subsidiaries, including those
in India, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, Germany, and England. Mr. Serbin has a B.S. and a B. Pharmacy from Rutgers University and Rutgers
University College of Pharmacy, a J.D. degree from Seton Hall Law School and a Master s Degree in Trade Regulations and Law from
NYU Law School. Mr. Serbin s experience in business, law and medicine and knowledge gained as an advisor to the healthcare industry
is critical to our board of directors as we continue to commercialize our products. 

Dwight
Egan serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer and has been an officer and director of the Company since April 2013. Mr.
Egan has been engaged in private investment business from February 1999 to the present. He was a senior executive at Data Broadcasting
Corporation, a leading provider of wireless, real-time financial market data, news and sophisticated fixed- income portfolio analytics
to 27,000 individual and professional investors from 1995 to 1999. He co-founded and served as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Broadcast
International, Inc. from 1984 to 1995, when Data Broadcasting Corporation acquired Broadcast International and created CBS MarketWatch ,
a leading financial news site and participated in its initial public offering. Mr. Egan s prior experience in executive leadership
positions with public companies and working with capital markets qualifies him to serve as our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer. 

Eugene
Durenard has been a member of our board of directors since June 2019. Dr. Durenard is the Founder and CEO of Hyperbolic Holdings,
a Swiss-based holding, management consulting and strategy advisory company specialized in healthcare. Dr. Durenard brings investment
and entrepreneurial experience spanning 20 years. For the last 7 years he has been working with family offices on direct investments
and philanthropy focused on life sciences. He serves on the advisory board of several private companies in the biotech and MedTech sectors.
After an initial career in proprietary research and trading at Salomon Brothers and Credit Suisse in London, he co-founded Orion Investment
Management in Bermuda specializing in quantitative asset and liability management for institutions and private clients. He subsequently
sold it to Capital G Bank and co-headed their asset management. Dr. Durenard spent several years establishing personal connections with
representatives of 40+ clusters of life science innovation, families operating healthcare businesses and industry leaders globally. He
regularly visits labs and incubators, meets with leading scientists and innovators in order to keep abreast of current trends and developments.
His advice is based on a thorough analysis that combines in-depth knowledge of science, competitive forces and financial expertise. He
has published several articles in asset-liability management industry magazines as well as the book Professional Automated Trading
 Theory and Practice (Wiley 2013). He has a PhD in Mathematics from Harvard University. Dr. Durenard brings a thorough
multi-asset class investment and entrepreneurial experience spanning 25 years to the Company s board of directors. 

59 

James
Nelson has been a member of our board of directors
since June 2019. Mr. Nelson is the retired Chairman and CEO of Sunworks, Inc., a NASDAQ traded
commercial, agriculture, and residential solar Integrator which he helped found in October 2010. Mr. Nelson spent most of his career
working in private equity as a general partner with Peterson Partners and with Millennial Capital Partners. In addition to his investment
and financial responsibilities, he served as CEO of two of his firms portfolio companies. Prior to his years in private equity,
Mr. Nelson served as Vice President of Marketing at Banana Republic, where he managed company-wide marketing, as well as the company s
international expansion initiative. He was also general manager for Banana Republic s catalog division. He was Vice President of
Marketing and Corporate Development at Saga Corporation, a multi-billion-dollar food service company. Mr. Nelson began his executive
career over 35 years ago at Bain and Company, a business strategy consulting firm, where he managed teams of consultants on four continents.
Mr. Nelson received his MBA from Brigham Young University, where he graduated summa cum laude and was named the Outstanding Master of
Business Administration Graduate. Mr. Nelson s advice to the board of directors from his experiences as a chief executive officer
and strategic advisor is useful to the board of directors. 

The
following is a brief summary of the background of each of our executive officers. 

Dwight
Egan - See narrative description above. 

Brian
Brown became our Chief Financial Officer in February 2021. From July 2020 until February 2021, Mr. Brown served as the Chief
Financial Officer of A-Core Concrete Cutting, Inc. where his duties included overseeing the company s accounting and finance
departments, mergers and acquisitions and responsibility for financial forecasting and budgeting. From January 2020 to July 2020,
Mr. Brown was an independent consultant. From August 2019 to December 2019, Mr. Brown served as the Vice President of Accounting,
Treasury and Investor Relations at Sportsman s Warehouse Holdings, Inc., a public company reporting on Nasdaq Global Select
under the symbol SPWH, where his duties included overseeing the company s accounting, treasury and investor relations
departments, preparing the company s annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC, overseeing all aspects of the
company s annual audit, including, but not limited to, the preparation and review of audit support schedules, preparation of
financial statements and footnotes, and providing support to the company s independent auditors. From October 2009 to August
2019, Mr. Brown served as the Director of Finance of Sportsman s Warehouse Holdings, Inc. where he assisted with the
company s initial public offering in April 2014 as well as effecting private and secondary public offerings, acquisitions of a
group of retail stores and preparing the company s periodic and current reports with the SEC and complying with the Sarbanes
Oxley Act. From May 2005 to October 2009, Mr. Brown served as the Corporate Controller of Franklin Covey Products where he developed
and maintained the company s internal controls over financial reporting structure in accordance with the control standards
required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. From July 2001 to May 2005, Mr. Brown served as an Assurance Senior at KPMG,
LLP where he provided audit services to various clients in multiple industries. Mr. Brown holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and
Masters of Professional Accountancy from the University of Utah. Mr. Brown is a licensed CPA in Utah. 

60 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any bankruptcy or criminal proceedings (other
than traffic and other minor offenses) or been subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, nor have there
been any judgments or injunctions brought against any of our directors or executive officers during the last ten years that we consider
material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director or executive officer. 

Board
and Committee Matters 

Our
board of directors has five members. The Chairman of the Board and our Chief Executive Officer, Dwight Egan, is a member of the board
and is a full-time employee of the Company. Eugene Durenard, Edward Murphy, James Nelson and Richard Serbin are non-employee directors,
and the board has determined that these persons (who constitute a majority of the board) are independent directors under
the criteria set forth in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The board met eleven times during the year ended December 31,
2022. All directors attended more than seventy-five percent (75 of the meetings of the board and committee meetings of which such director
was a member held during 2022. 

We
maintain an audit committee of the board, a compensation committee of the board and a corporate governance/nominating committee of the
board, each of which is discussed below. Our board has determined that Messrs. Durenard, Nelson, Murphy and Serbin are independent 
under the definition of independence in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ listing requirements. Our board of directors may from time
to time establish other standing committees. In addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction
of our board of directors when necessary to address specific issues. 

The
following table sets forth a description of the three permanent board committees and the chairpersons and members of those committees,
all of whom are independent directors: 

Committee 
 
 Independent
 Chairperson 
 
 Independent
 Members 

Audit Committee 
 
 Eugene Durenard 
 
 Edward Murphy 
 
 James Nelson 
 
 Richard S. Serbin 

Compensation Committee 
 
 Richard S. Serbin 
 
 Edward Murphy 
 
 Eugene Durenard 
 
 James Nelson 

Governance Committee 
 
 James Nelson 
 
 Edward Murphy 
 
 Eugene Durenard 
 
 Richard S. Serbin 

Nominating Committee 
 
 Edward Murphy 
 
 James Nelson 
 
 Eugene Durenard 
 
 Richard S. Serbin 

Audit
Committee and Financial Expert 

Our
audit committee currently is comprised of Messrs. Durenard, Nelson, Murphy and Serbin with Mr. Durenard serving as chairperson of the
audit committee. The functions of the audit committee include engaging an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our
annual financial statements, reviewing the independence of our auditors, the financial statements and the auditors report, and
reviewing management s administration of our system of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures.
The board of directors has adopted a written audit committee charter. A current copy of the audit committee charter is available to security
holders on our website at www.codiagnostics.com. Our board has determined that all our directors that are serving on the audit committee
are independent under the definition of independence in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Audit
Committee met five times during the year ended December 31, 2022. All committee members attended more than seventy-five percent (75 of the meetings of the Audit Committee held during 2022. 

Our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Durenard meets the requirements of an audit committee financial expert as defined
in applicable SEC regulations. 

61 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee currently includes Messrs. Serbin, Nelson, Murphy and Durenard with Mr. Serbin serving as chairperson of the compensation
committee. The functions of the compensation committee include reviewing and approving corporate goals relevant to compensation for executive
officers, evaluating the effectiveness of our compensation practices, evaluating and approving the compensation of our chief executive
officer and other executives, recommending compensation for board members, and reviewing and making recommendations regarding incentive
compensation and other employee benefit plans. The board of directors has adopted a written compensation committee charter. A current
copy of the compensation committee charter is available to shareholders on our website at www.codiagnostics.com. Our board has determined
that all of our directors serving on the compensation committee are independent under the definition of independence in
the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Compensation Committee did not meet as a separate committee in 2022, but rather,
because the committee is comprised of all four independent directors, committee matters were addressed as necessary in meetings of the
board. during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Corporate
Governance Committee 

Our
Corporate Governance Committee currently includes Messrs. Nelson, Murphy, Durenard and Serbin with Mr. Nelson serving as chairperson
of the Corporate Governance Committee. Among other items, the committee is tasked by the board of directors to: develop and recommend
to the board the Corporate Governance Guidelines of the Company and oversee compliance therewith and evaluate and provide successor planning
for the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. A current copy of the Corporate Governance committee charter is available
to shareholders on our website at www.codiagnostics.com. Our board has determined all directors serving on the Corporate Governance committee
are independent under the definition of independence in the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ listing standards. The Corporate
Governance Committee did not meet as a separate committee in 2022, but rather, because the committee is comprised of all four independent
directors, committee matters were addressed as necessary in meetings of the board the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Nominating
Committee 

Our
Nominating Committee was split from the Corporate Governance Committee in 2022 and currently includes Messrs. Nelson, Murphy, Durenard
and Serbin with Mr. Murphy serving as chairperson of the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee has been established by the board,
among other things to: assist the board in effecting board organization, membership and function including identifying qualified board
nominees; assist the board in effecting the organization, membership and function of board committees including the composition of board
committees and recommending qualified candidates therefor; evaluate and provide successor planning for the Chief Executive Officer and
other executive officers; and develop criteria for board membership, such as independence, term limits, age limits and ability of former
employees to serve on the board and the evaluation of candidates qualifications for nominations to the board and its committees
as well as removal therefrom. The Nominating Committee did not meet as a separate committee in 2022, but rather, because the committee
is comprised of all four independent directors, committee matters were addressed as necessary in meetings of the board for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Board
Nominations 

In
considering board candidates, the board seeks individuals of proven judgment and competence who have strong reputations in their respective
fields. Although we do not have a formal diversity policy, the board considers such factors as experience, education, employment history,
special talents or personal attributes, anticipated participation in board activities, and geographic and diversity factors. The process
for identifying and evaluating nominees would include detailed consideration of the recommendations and opinions of members of our board,
our executive officers, and our stockholders. There would be no difference in the process of evaluation of candidates recommended by
a stockholder and those recommended by other sources. 

62 

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws set forth procedures for shareholders to recommend nominees to the Company s
board. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting
of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Company s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (iii)
by any stockholder of the Company who (A) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice, (B) is entitled to vote with
respect to such matter at the meeting, and (C) complies with the notice procedures set forth in the Bylaws. 

The
following is a summary of key provisions from our Bylaws. For nominations to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder,
the stockholder making such nominations must have given timely notice in writing to the secretary of the Company. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the close of business on
the 75th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 125th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after
such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later
of (x) the 75th day prior to the scheduled date of such annual meeting or (y) the 15th day following the day on which public announcement
of the date of such meeting is first made by the Company. To be in proper form, a stockholder s notice to the secretary must: set
forth, as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (A)
the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Company s books, and of such beneficial owner, if any, (B) the
class or series and number of shares of the Company that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder
and such beneficial owner, if any, as of the date of such notice, and (C) any other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial
owner, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations
of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act ). In
addition, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the company s nominees must also
comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19(b). 

The
notice shall set forth, as to each person, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director
(A) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to
be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange
Act (including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if
elected) and (B) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings
during the past three years, and any other relationships, between or among such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and their respective
affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective
affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that
would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and
any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert
therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant;
and with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the board of directors, include the completed and signed questionnaire,
representation, and agreement required by the Bylaws. The Company may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information
as may reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director
of the Company or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such
nominee. 

Communication
with the Board 

We
have not, to date, developed a formal process for shareholder communications with the board of directors. We believe our current informal
process, in which any communication sent to the board of directors, either generally or in care of the chief executive officer, secretary
or other corporate officer or director, is forwarded to all members of the board of directors, has served the board s and the shareholders 
needs. 

63 

Conflicts
of Interests 

On
an annual basis, each director and executive officer is obligated to complete a director and officer questionnaire that requires disclosure
of any transactions with our company, including related person transactions reportable under SEC rules, in which the director or executive
officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, have a direct or indirect material interest. Under our company s standards
of conduct for employees, all employees, including the executive officers, are expected to avoid conflicts of interest. Pursuant to our
code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior finance officers (as discussed below), such officers are prohibited from engaging
in any conflict of interest unless a specific exception has been granted by the board. All of our directors are subject to general fiduciary
standards to act in the best interests of our company and our shareholders. Conflicts of interest involving an executive officer or a
director are generally resolved by the board. 

Role
of the Board in Risk Oversight 

Risk
is inherent with every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. Management is responsible
for the day-to-day management of the risks that we face, while our board of directors, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility
for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, our board of directors is responsible for satisfying itself that the
risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. 

Our
board of directors does not have a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through
our board of directors as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of the board of directors that address risks inherent
in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, our board of directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk
exposure, including a determination of the nature and level of risk appropriate for us. Our Audit Committee has the responsibility to
consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures,
including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken. The Audit Committee also
monitors oversight of the performance of our internal audit function. Our Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee monitors the effectiveness
of our corporate governance guidelines, including whether they are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct.
Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs have the potential to encourage
excessive risk-taking or promote behaviors contra to our Code of Business Conduct. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller, or persons performing similar
functions. A copy of the code of ethics is included on our website at www.codiagnostics.com. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. As a smaller reporting company, we
may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable, in general, to public companies
that are not smaller reporting companies. Accordingly, this Report includes reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers in their respective capacities for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have omitted in this report certain columns otherwise required to be included because
there was no compensation made with respect to such columns, as permitted by applicable SEC regulations. 

64 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 All Other Comp (3) 
 Total Compensation 
 
 Dwight Egan 
 2022 
 366,146 
 146,245 
 1,454,750 
 - 
 1,967,141 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 350,000 
 638,459 
 1,208,750 
 26,793 
 2,224,002 

Brian Brown 
 2022 
 280,875 
 106,647 
 1,190,250 
 - 
 1,577,772 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 2021 
 209,731 
 475,014 
 1,441,600 
 26,793 
 2,153,138 

(1) 
 Bonuses for the year ended
 December 31, 2021 include accrued bonus payments of 281,597 to Mr. Egan and 223,248 to Mr. Brown that were paid in February 2022. 

(2) 
 The amounts reported in
 this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock units, or RSUs, granted under our 2015 Plan as
 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Note that the amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting value for these
 equity awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received from the equity awards as the RSUs vest over
 three years. 

(3) 
 Company profit sharing
 payments to the Company s 401 K Plan. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table: We do not have written employment agreements with any of our executive officers. All of
our executive officers serve on an at-will basis. The base salaries for our named executive officers were determined by our compensation
committee after reviewing a number of factors, including: the responsibilities associated with the position, the seniority of the executive s
position, the base salary level in prior years, and our financial position; and for executive officers other than our Chief Executive
Officer, recommendations made by our Chief Executive Officer. By utilizing a combination of objective and subjective performance factors
critical to our success, the board will award cash bonuses intended to incentivize our executive officers to achieve results that benefit
them and the Company. Performance factors include the achievement of predetermined financial performance objectives, adherence to financial
discipline measures and achievement of business development, product development and long-term business stability. The board may modify
or re-weight the objectives during the course of the fiscal year, if necessary, to reflect changes in our business plan. 

65 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2022 

The
following table contains certain information concerning outstanding equity awards for the Named Executive Officers as of December 31,
2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
 Option Exercise 
 Option Expiration 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not
 Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not
 Vested 
 Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That
 Have Not 
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or
 Other Rights That Have Not 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Price 
 Date 
 (#) 
 ) (1) 
 Vested (#) 
 Vested ) 
 
 Dwight Egan 
 50,000 
 - 
 2.63 
 09/20/28 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

50,000 
 - 
 1.10 
 09/02/29 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 (2) 
 63,000 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 62,500 (4) 
 157,500 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 229,167 (5) 
 577,501 
 - 
 - 

Brian Brown 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 (3) 
 25,200 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 (4) 
 126,000 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 187,500 (5) 
 472,500 
 - 
 - 

(1)
 
 Based
 on 2.52 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2)
 
 Consists
 of restricted stock units granted on 11/23/2020, which vest in 6 installments commencing on 5/23/2021 and continuing every six months
 thereafter. 
 
 (3)
 
 Consists
 of restricted stock units granted on 2/22/2021, which vest in 6 installments commencing on 5/23/2021 and continuing every six months
 thereafter. 
 
 (4)
 
 Consists
 of restricted stock units granted on 8/12/2021, which vest in 6 installments commencing on 11/23/2021 and continuing every six months
 thereafter. 
 
 (5)
 
 Consists
 of restricted stock units granted on 6/6/2022, which vest in 6 installments commencing on 11/23/2022 and continuing every six months
 thereafter. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 

There
is no compensation payable to the named executive officers upon voluntary termination, retirement, involuntary not-for-cause termination,
termination following a change of control or in the event of disability or death of the executive. 

Director
Compensation 

We
use a combination of cash and stock-based incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on its board of
directors. In setting director compensation, we consider the significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties
as well as the skill level required by our members of the board. 

66 

The
table below summarizes the compensation paid or accrued by us to each of our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards: Value of Restricted Stock Units (1) 
 Total 
 
 Richard Serbin (2) 
 87,500 
 429,100 
 516,600 
 
 James Nelson (3) 
 87,500 
 429,100 
 516,600 
 
 Edward Murphy (4) 
 87,500 
 429,100 
 516,600 
 
 Eugene Durenard (5) 
 87,500 
 429,100 
 516,600 

(1) 
 The amounts reported in
 this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock units, or RSUs, granted under our 2015 Plan as
 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Note that the amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting value for these
 equity awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received from the equity awards. The RSUs vested immediately
 upon grant. 
 
 (2) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 Mr. Serbin had 70,833 RSU awards outstanding. 
 
 (3) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 Mr. Nelson had 70,833 RSU awards outstanding. 
 
 (4) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 Mr. Murphy had 70,833 RSU awards outstanding. 
 
 (5) 
 As of December 31, 2022,
 Mr. Durenard had 70,833 RSU awards outstanding. 

Our
non-employee directors receive cash compensation of 100,000 per year, paid quarterly. In 2021, the non-employee directors also each
received 37,500 RSU s vesting 1/3 rd equally in January 2021, 2022, and 2023. In 2022, they also received 70,000
RSU s vesting 1/6 th equally in November 2022, 2023, and 2024 and May 2023, 2024, and 2025. In addition,
non-employee directors may be entitled to receive special awards of stock options or RSUs from time to time as determined by the
board. The chairman of the board and the chairperson of each of the audit, corporate governance/nomination, and compensation
committees receive no additional fees for serving in such capacities. There is no additional compensation for meeting attendance.
Directors who are employees of the Company receive no additional compensation for serving as directors. All stock options granted to
outside directors are immediately exercisable and expire ten years from the date of grant or 30 days after the date they cease to be
directors. Directors are reimbursed for ordinary expenses incurred in connection with attending board and committee
meetings. 

67 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

Under
our Amended and Restated 2015 Long-term Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ), the board of directors may issue incentive stock-based
awards to employees, directors and consultants of the company. Options awarded generally expire ten years after being granted. Any stock-based
awards granted vest in accordance with the vesting schedule determined by the board of directors. Should an employee s director s
or consultant s relationship with the company terminate before the vesting period is completed, the unvested portion of each grant
is forfeited. We continue to maintain and grant awards under the 2015 Plan which will remain in effect until its expiration by its terms. 

The
purpose of our incentive plan is to advance the interests of our stockholders by enhancing our ability to attract, retain and motivate
persons who are expected to make important contributions to the company by providing them with both equity ownership opportunities and
performance-based incentives intended to align their interests with those of our stockholders. These plans are designed to provide us
with flexibility to select from among various equity-based compensation methods, and to be able to address changing accounting and tax
rules and corporate governance practices by optimally utilizing stock-based awards. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 14, 2023, with respect to the holdings of (1) each person who is the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock, (2) each of our directors, (3) each named executive officer, and (4) all of our current directors
and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of the common stock is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes any shares
of common stock over which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire
ownership at any time within 60 days of March 14, 2023. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on 30,922,607
shares of common stock plus, for each individual, any securities that individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 14,
2023. 

The
information in the table below is based on information known to us or ascertained by us from public filings made by the stockholders.
Except as otherwise indicated in the table below, addresses of the director, executive officers and named beneficial owners are in care
of Co-Diagnostics, Inc., 2401 S. Foothill Drive, Suite D, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109. 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class (1) 
 
 5 Stockholders 

Vanguard Group (1) 
 1,781,283 
 5.8 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Dwight Egan (2) 
 193,197 

Brian Brown 
 73,236 

Edward Murphy (3) 
 99,167 

Eugene Durenard 
 36,667 

James Nelson (4) 
 86,667 

Richard Serbin (5) 
 59,612 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 548,546 
 1.7 

Represents
beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Information obtained from
 Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023. Vanguard Group has an address of 100 Vanguard Blvd, Malvern, PA, 19355. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes exercisable options
 to acquire 100,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes exercisable options
 to acquire 50,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes exercisable options
 to acquire 50,000 shares of common stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes exercisable options
 to acquire 20,445 shares of common stock. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number of Shares to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Rights 
 (b) Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options and Rights 
 (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Referenced in Column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 3,467,297 (1) 
 2.19 (2) 
 6,210,790 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3,467,297 (1) 
 2.19 (2) 
 6,210,790 

(1) 
 Includes options and restricted
 stock units outstanding under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(2) 
 Represents weighted-average
 exercise price per share of common stock acquirable upon exercise of outstanding stock options. 

68 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
Company employs two persons who are related to current or former executive officers. Seth Egan is the Company s Director of Sales
and Marketing, and is the son of Dwight Egan, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. Andrew Benson is the Company s
Director of Investor Relations, and is the son of Reed Benson, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the total compensation paid to or earned by these persons, including salaries, bonuses, and the grant
date fair value of equity awards which vest over three years, was 962,800 and 489,000, respectively. 

Policy for Review of Related Party Transactions 

The review of transactions with related persons policy
is set forth in our Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The Corporate Governance Committee is to oversee the administration of any
related party transactions policy in effect with respect to transactions in which the Company is a participant and involving directors,
nominees for director, executive officers of the Company or holders of more than 5 of the Company s common stock or immediate
family members of any such person. 

Director Independence 

For information regarding the independence of our directors, see Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in Part III, Item 10 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table presents aggregate fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the respective periods. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 136,600 
 113,100 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other consulting fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 136,600 
 113,100 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements,
review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements and our offerings. 

The
audit committee has adopted a policy that requires advance approval of all services performed by the independent auditor when fees are
expected to exceed 15,000. The audit committee has delegated to the audit committee chairperson, Mr. Durenard, the authority to approve
services, subject to ratification by the audit committee at its next committee meeting. All fees incurred were pre-approved by the audit
committee. 

69 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements.
 The Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Part II, Item 8 of this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Financial statement
 schedules. There are no financial statements schedules included because they are either not applicable or the required information
 is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits. The exhibits
 required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report are listed in the Exhibit Index below. The exhibits listed
 in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Filed
 with this 
 Report 
 
 Incorporated
 by 
 Reference
 herein from Form or Schedule 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 SEC
 File/Reg. 
 Number 
 
 2.1 + 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Co-Diagnostics, Inc, IDMO Acquisition Corp., Idaho Molecular Inc., and Company Representative dated as of December 21, 2021. 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 2.1) 
 
 12/23/21 
 
 001-38148 

2.1.2 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Co-Diagnostics, Inc., Idaho Molecular, Inc., and Kirk Ririe, as Company Representative 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 2.2) 
 
 06/16/22 
 
 001-38148 

2.2 + 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Co-Diagnostics, Inc, ACI Acquisition Corp., Advanced Conceptions, Inc., and Company Representative dated as of December 21, 2021 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 2.2) 
 
 12/23/21 
 
 001-38148 

2.2.1 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Co-Diagnostics, Inc., Advanced Conceptions, Inc., and Richard Abbott, as Company Representative 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 2.1) 
 
 06/16/22 
 
 001-38148 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

Draft Registration Statement
 (Exhibit 3.1) 
 
 01/12/17 
 
 377-01467 

3.1.1 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation 

Draft Registration Statement
 (Exhibit 3.1.1) 
 
 01/12/17 
 
 377-01467 

3.1.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 3.2) 
 
 01/03/19 
 
 001-38148 

3.1.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment 

Form 10-K (Exhibit 3.1.3) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

3.1.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment 
 
 X 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 3.1) 
 
 04/01/22 
 
 001-38148 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s securities 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 Exclusive Agreement between Co-Diagnostics, Inc. and DNA Logix, Inc., dated April 18, 2014 

Draft Registration Statement
 (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 01/12/17 
 
 377-01467 

10.2 # 
 
 Co-Diagnostics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan 

Form S-8/A 
 
 11/20/20 
 
 333-237684 

10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 

Form S-1/A (Exhibit 10.13.8)

05/24/17 
 
 333-217542 

10.4 
 
 Shareholders Agreement between Co-Diagnostics and Synbiotics Limited, dated January 27, 2017 

Form S-1 (Exhibit 10.16) 
 
 04/28/17 
 
 333-217542 

10.5 
 
 Amended Exclusive License Agreement between Co-Diagnostics, Brent Satterfield, and DNA Logix, Inc., dated January 1, 2017 

Form S-1 (Exhibit 10.17) 
 
 04/28/17 
 
 333-217542 

10.6 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Co-Diagnostics, Inc and VStock Transfer, LLC. Dated December 31, 2021 (ACI Warrant) 

Form 10-K (Exhibit 10.6) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

70 

10.7 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Co-Diagnostics, Inc and VStock Transfer, LLC. Dated December 31, 2021 (IDMO Warrant) 

Form 10-K (Exhibit
 10.7) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2020 

Form 8-K (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 02/27/20 
 
 001-38148 

10.9 
 
 Lease Agreement 2401 Foothill Drive 

Form 10-K (Exhibit
 10.9) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

10.9.1 
 
 Amendment #1 to Lease 

Form 10-K (Exhibit 10.9.1) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

10.9.2 
 
 Amendment #2 to Lease 

Form 10-K (Exhibit
 10.9.2) 
 
 03/24/22 
 
 001-38148 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 

Form 10-K (Exhibit 14.1) 
 
 03/30/20 
 
 001-38148 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Haynie Company 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101 SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document (A) 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document (A) 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document (A) 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document (A) 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document (A) 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

(A) 
 
 iXBRL
 (INline Extensible Business Reporting Language) information
 is furnished and not filed for purposes of Section 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934. 
 
 X 

# Management
Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement 

Schedules
and exhibits to these Exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally
a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

+
Portions of Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 2.2 have been omitted as they contain information that (i) is not material and (ii) is the type of
information the issuer both customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CO-DIAGNOSTICS,
 INC. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dwight Egan 

Dwight Egan 

Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian Brown 

Brian
 Brown 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dwight
 Egan 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 President and Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Dwight Egan 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brian
 Brown 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Brian Brown 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Eugene
 Durenard 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Eugene Durenard 

/s/ Edward
 Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Edward Murphy 

/s/ James
 Nelson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 James Nelson 

/s/ Richard
 Serbin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Richard Serbin 

72 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Co-Diagnostics,
Inc. (the Company has the following direct and indirect subsidiaries: 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Formation 

Percentage
 of Ownership 

DNA Logix,
 Inc. 

Utah 

100 

Idaho Molecular, Inc. 

Idaho 

100 

Advanced Conceptions, Inc. 

Utah 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-226835 and 333-249651 on Form S-3 and 333-237684 and 333-269350
Form S-8 of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to our audits of the consolidated financial statements
which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/
Haynie Company 

 Salt
Lake City, Utah 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 AND
RULE 13A-14 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Dwight Egan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of Co-Diagnostics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a
 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Dwight Egan 

Dwight
 Egan 

Chief Executive Officer,
 President and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 AND
RULE 13A-14 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Brian Brown, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of Co-Diagnostics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a
 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March
 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Brian Brown 

Brian Brown 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dwight Egan, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Dwight Egan 

Dwight Egan 

Chief Executive Officer,
 President and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian Brown, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Brian Brown 

Brian Brown 

Chief Financial Officer
 and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 codx-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 codx-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 codx-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 codx-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

