<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1068148_0001068148-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12431248</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>199922</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1789816</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5228095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2659362</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2285156</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001068148-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316124618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001068148-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARK OHIO INDUSTRIES INC/OH
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001068148
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL FORGING & STAMPINGS [3460]
		IRS NUMBER:				346520107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-43005-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23738041

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6065 PARKLAND BLVD.
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4409472211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6065 PARKLAND BLVD.
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001068148-23-000003.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 pkoh-20221231.htm
 10-K

pkoh-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 PARK-OHIO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Pursuant to a corporate reorganization effective June 15, 1998, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. The registrant meets the conditions set forth in general instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is filing this form in reduced disclosure format. 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Table of Contents 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by checkmark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 All of the outstanding stock of the registrant is held by Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. As of February 28, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 1 par value, were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table Of Contents 
 Item No. Page No. Part I 1. Business 
 3 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 2. Properties 
 17 
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 Part II 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 6. [Reserved] 
 21 
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 9B. Other Information 
 69 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 69 
 Part III 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 11. Executive Compensation 
 70 
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 70 
 Part IV 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 74 
 Signatures 
 75 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. Park-Ohio or Industries or ParkOhio ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. Holdings ), was incorporated as an Ohio corporation in 1984. Holdings, primarily through its subsidiaries owned by its direct subsidiary, Industries, is a diversified international company providing world-class customers with a supply chain management outsourcing service, capital equipment used on their production lines, and manufactured components used to assemble their products. 
 
 References herein to we or the Company include, where applicable, Park-Ohio and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that our Aluminum Products business met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the Company has reported the held-for-sale assets and liabilities, the operating results and the cash flows of Aluminum Products in discontinued operations for all periods presented throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts and activity in this Annual Report are presented on a continuing operations basis. See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. On December 30, 2022, we entered into a memorandum of understanding (the MOU with a third party pursuant to which the third party would purchase our Aluminum Products business. The sale of the Aluminum Products business is subject to the entry into a definitive purchase agreement and other customary conditions. 
 The Company operates through three reportable segments: Supply Technologies, Assembly Components (which previously included the Aluminum Products business) and Engineered Products. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 7,100 people, including employees in our Aluminum Products business. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the key attributes of each of our business segments: 
 Supply Technologies Assembly Components Engineered Products NET SALES FOR 2022 711.5 million 388.8 million 392.6 million SELECTED PRODUCTS Sourcing, planning and procurement of over 280,000 production components, including: Fasteners Pins Valves Hoses Wire harnesses Clamps and fittings Rubber and plastic components Other Class C and MRO products Extruded and molded rubber and thermoplastic products Fuel filler assemblies Gasoline direct injection systems Induction heating and melting systems Pipe threading systems Industrial oven systems Forging presses Forged steel and machined products SELECTED INDUSTRIES SERVED Heavy-duty truck Power sports and recreational equipment Aerospace and defense Semiconductor equipment Electrical distribution and controls Consumer electronics Bus and coaches Automotive Agricultural and construction equipment HVAC Lawn and garden Plumbing Medical devices Automotive and light vehicle Agricultural equipment Construction equipment Heavy-duty truck Marine equipment Bus Ferrous and non-ferrous metals Coatings Forging Foundry Heavy-duty truck Construction equipment Automotive Oil and gas Rail Aerospace and defense Power generation 
 
 The Company consists of the following segments: 
 
 Supply Technologies 
 
 Our Supply Technologies business provides our customers with Total Supply Management , a proactive solutions approach that manages the efficiencies of every aspect of supplying production parts and materials to our customers manufacturing floor, from strategic planning to program implementation. Total Supply Management includes engineering and design support, part usage and cost analysis, supplier selection, quality assurance, bar coding, product packaging and tracking, just-in-time and point-of-use delivery, electronic billing services and ongoing technical support. We operate more than 80 logistics service centers in the United States, Mexico, Canada, Czech Republic, Puerto Rico, Scotland, Hungary, China, Taiwan, Singapore, India, England, France, Spain, Poland, Malaysia, Northern Ireland and Ireland, including production sourcing and support centers in the United States and Asia. Through our supply chain management programs, we supply more than 280,000 globally-sourced production components, many of which are specialized and customized to meet individual customers needs. 
 Total Supply Management provides our customers with an expert partner in strategic planning, global sourcing, technical services, parts and materials, logistics, distribution and inventory management of production components. Some 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 production components are characterized by low per unit supplier prices relative to the indirect costs of supplier management, quality assurance, inventory management and delivery to the production line. In addition, Supply Technologies delivers an increasingly broad range of higher-value production components including valves, fuel hose assemblies, electro-mechanical hardware, labels, fittings, steering components and many others. Applications engineering specialists and the direct sales force work closely with the engineering staff of OEM customers to recommend the appropriate production components for a new product or to suggest alternative components that reduce overall production costs, streamline assembly or enhance the appearance or performance of the end product. Supply Technologies also provides spare parts and aftermarket products to end users of its customers products. 
 Total Supply Management is typically provided to customers pursuant to sole-source arrangements. We believe our approach distinguishes us from traditional buy/sell distributors, as well as manufacturers who supply products directly to customers, because we provide the supply chain management of our customers high-volume production components. We administer the processes customized to each customer s needs by replacing numerous current suppliers with a sole-source relationship with Supply Technologies. Our highly-developed, customized information systems provide global transparency and flexibility through the complete supply chain. This enables our customers to: (1) significantly reduce the direct and indirect cost of production component processes by outsourcing internal purchasing, quality assurance and inventory fulfillment responsibilities; (2) reduce the amount of working capital invested in inventory and floor space; (3) reduce component costs through purchasing efficiencies, including bulk buying and supplier consolidation; and (4) receive technical expertise in production component selection, design and engineering. Our sole-source arrangements foster long-term, entrenched supply relationships with our customers and, as a result, the average tenure of service for our top 50 Supply Technologies clients exceeds ten years. Supply Technologies also supplies wholesale industrial products to other manufacturers and distributors pursuant to master or authorized distributor relationships. 
 The Supply Technologies segment also engineers and manufactures precision cold-formed and cold-extruded fasteners and other products, including locknuts, SPAC nuts, SPAC bolts and wheel hardware, which are principally used in applications where controlled tightening is required due to high vibration. Supply Technologies produces both standard items and specialty products to customer specifications, which are used in large volumes by customers in the automotive, heavy-duty truck and rail industries. 
 Markets and Customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 61 of Supply Technologies net sales were to domestic customers. Remaining sales were primarily to manufacturing facilities of large, multinational customers located in Europe, Mexico, Asia and Canada. Total Supply Management is used extensively in a variety of industries, and demand is generally related to the state of the economy and to the overall level of manufacturing activity. 
 
 Supply Technologies markets and sells its approach to over 7,500 customers domestically and internationally. The five largest customers, to which Supply Technologies sells through sole-source contracts to multiple operating divisions or locations, accounted for approximately 35 and 33 of the sales of Supply Technologies in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loss of any two or more of its top five customers could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of this segment. 
 
 Competition. A limited number of companies compete with Supply Technologies to provide supply management services for production parts and materials. Supply Technologies competes primarily on the basis of its Total Supply Management approach, including engineering and design support, part usage and cost analysis, supplier selection, quality assurance, bar coding, product packaging and tracking, just-in-time and point-of-use delivery, electronic billing services and ongoing technical support, and its geographic reach, extensive product selection, price and reputation for high service levels. Numerous U.S. and foreign companies compete with Supply Technologies in manufacturing cold-formed and cold-extruded products. 
 
 Assembly Components 
 
 Assembly Components (which excludes the discontinued Aluminum Products business) manufactures products oriented towards fuel efficiency, reduced emission standards and vehicle electrification. Assembly Components designs, develops and manufactures: highly efficient, high pressure direct fuel injection fuel rails and pipes; fuel filler pipes that route fuel from the gas cap to the gas tank; and flexible multi-layer plastic and rubber assemblies used to transport fuel from the vehicle's gas tank 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 and then, at extreme high pressure, to the engine's fuel injector nozzles. These advanced products, coupled with Turbo Enabled engines, make up large and growing engine architecture for all worldwide car manufacturers. Assembly Components also designs and manufactures Turbo Charging hoses along with Turbo Coolant hoses that will be required as engines get downsized to 3 or 4 cylinders from 6 or 8 cylinders. This engine downsizing increases efficiency, while dramatically decreasing pollution levels. 
 Assembly Components operates 12 manufacturing facilities and four technical offices in the United States, Mexico, China, the United Kingdom and the Czech Republic. In addition, we also provide value-added services such as design engineering, machining and parts assembly. 
 Markets and Customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 73 of Assembly Components net sales were to domestic customers. The five largest customers of Assembly Components accounted for approximately 55 and 54 of segment sales for 2022 and 2021, respectively. These sales, across multiple operating divisions, are through sole-source contracts. The loss of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of this segment. 
 Competition. Assembly Components competes principally on the basis of its ability to: (1) engineer and manufacture high-quality, cost-effective assemblies utilizing multiple technologies in large volumes; (2) provide timely delivery; and (3) retain the manufacturing flexibility necessary to quickly adjust to the needs of its customers. There are few domestic companies with the capabilities to meet customers stringent quality and service standards and lean manufacturing techniques. As one of these suppliers, Assembly Components is well-positioned to benefit as customers continue to consolidate their supplier base. 
 
 Engineered Products 
 Our Engineered Products segment operates a diverse group of niche manufacturing businesses that design and manufacture a broad range of highly-engineered products, including induction heating and melting systems, pipe threading systems and forged and machined products. We manufacture these products in 15 domestic facilities throughout the United States and 18 international facilities in Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Germany, China, Italy, India, Japan, Spain, France and Brazil. 
 Our induction heating and melting business utilizes proprietary technology and specializes in the engineering, construction, service and repair of induction heating and melting systems, primarily for the ferrous and non-ferrous metals, silicon, coatings, forging, foundry, automotive and construction equipment industries. Our induction heating and melting systems are engineered and built to customer specifications and are used primarily for melting, heating, and surface hardening of metals and curing of coatings. Approximately 46 of our induction heating and melting systems revenues are derived from the sale of replacement parts and provision of field service, primarily for the installed base of our own products. Our pipe threading business serves the oil and gas industry. We also engineer and install mechanical forging presses, sell spare parts and provide field service for the large existing base of mechanical forging presses and hammers in North America. We machine, induction harden and surface finish crankshafts and camshafts, used primarily in locomotives. We forge aerospace and defense structural components such as landing gears and struts, as well as rail products such as railcar center plates and draft lugs. 
 
 Markets and Customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 56 of Engineered Products net sales were to domestic customers. We sell induction heating and other capital equipment to component manufacturers and OEMs in the ferrous and non-ferrous metals, silicon, coatings, forging, foundry, automotive, truck, construction equipment and oil and gas industries. We sell forged and machined products to locomotive manufacturers, machining companies and sub-assemblers who finish aerospace and defense products for OEMs, and railcar builders and maintenance providers. 
 Competition. We compete with small-to medium-sized domestic and international equipment manufacturers on the basis of service capability, ability to meet customer specifications, delivery performance and engineering expertise. We compete domestically and internationally with small-to medium-sized forging and machining businesses on the basis of product quality and precision. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Supply Technologies markets its products and services in the United States, Mexico, Canada, Europe and Asia primarily through its direct sales force, which is assisted by applications engineers who provide the technical expertise necessary to assist the engineering staff of OEM customers in designing new products and improving existing products. Assembly Components primarily markets and sells its products in North America through internal sales personnel and independent sales representatives. Engineered Products primarily markets and sells its products in North America through both internal sales personnel and independent sales representatives. Induction heating and pipe threading equipment is also marketed and sold in Europe, Asia, Latin America and Africa through both internal sales personnel and independent sales representatives. In some instances, the internal engineering staff assists in the sales and marketing effort through joint design and applications-engineering efforts with major customers. 
 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 
 Supply Technologies purchases substantially all of its production components from third-party suppliers. Supply Technologies has multiple sources of supply for its components. An increasing portion of Supply Technologies production components are purchased from suppliers in foreign countries, primarily Canada, Taiwan, China, South Korea, Singapore, India and multiple European countries. Supply Technologies is dependent upon the ability of such suppliers to meet stringent quality and performance standards and to conform to delivery schedules. Assembly Components and Engineered Products purchase substantially all of their raw materials, principally certain component parts incorporated into their products, from third-party suppliers and manufacturers. Most raw materials required by Assembly Components and Engineered Products are commodity products available from several domestic suppliers. Management believes that raw materials and component parts other than certain specialty products are available from alternative sources. 
 
 Our suppliers of raw materials and component parts may significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of the raw materials, such as steel, that they use to manufacture our raw materials and component parts. While we generally attempt to pass along increased raw material prices to our customers in the form of price increases, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and our ability to increase the price of our products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of our products due to various factors. See the discussion of risks associated with raw material supply and costs in Item 1A "Risk Factors". 
 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect public health and the environment, particularly with regard to discharges and emissions, as well as handling, storage, treatment and disposal of various substances and wastes. Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and permit requirements could result in civil and criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures. Pursuant to certain environmental laws, owners or operators of facilities may be liable for the costs of response or other corrective actions for contamination identified at or emanating from current or former locations, without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of any such contamination, and for related damages to natural resources. Additionally, persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or materials may be liable for costs of response at sites where they are located, whether or not the site is owned or operated by such person. 
 
 From time to time, we have incurred, and are presently incurring, costs and obligations for correcting environmental noncompliance and remediating environmental conditions at certain of our properties. In general, we have not experienced difficulty in complying with environmental laws in the past, and compliance with environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our capital expenditures on environmental control facilities were not material during the past five years and such expenditures are not expected to be material to us in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We are currently, and may in the future be, required to incur costs relating to the investigation or remediation of property, including property where we have disposed of our waste, and for addressing environmental conditions. For instance, we have been identified as a potentially responsible party at third-party sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or comparable state laws, which provide for strict and, under certain 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 circumstances, joint and several liability. We are participating in the cost of certain clean-up efforts at several of these sites. The availability of third-party payments or insurance for environmental remediation activities is subject to risks associated with the willingness and ability of the third party to make payments. However, our share of such costs has not been material and, based on available information, we do not expect our exposure at any of these locations to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 In addition to environmental laws and regulations, our operations are governed by a variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to workplace safety and worker health, principally the Occupational Safety and Health Act and regulations thereunder. We believe that we are in material compliance with these laws and regulations and do not believe that future compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 7,100 employees, including our Aluminum Products business, in our operations around the world. Approximately 3,400 of these employees are in the United States, while the remaining 3,700 are employed in other countries. Approximately 28 of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 
 The attraction, retention and development of employees is critical to the successful execution of the Company s strategy. The Company works diligently to attract the best talent from a diverse range of resources to meet current and future demands of our businesses. Hiring the right people for the long-term and developing them for future roles is an important process across the overall organization. To support these objectives, the Company s human resource programs are designed to develop, reward and support employees through competitive compensation, internal advancement, comprehensive flexible benefit programs and a safe and healthy work environment. 
 
 Key areas of focus include: 
 
 Health Safety : The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our employees; accordingly, we are committed to their health, safety, and wellness. Our global health and safety programs are designed around dedicated environmental, health and safety standards and procedures specifically tailored at the facility level to address different jurisdiction and regulations, specific operating hazards, and unique working environments. The Company s objectives include a focus on regulatory compliance and protection of people and the environment. 
 
 Ethics Compliance : Our Company is committed to values of honesty, integrity, respect and responsibility that foster high ethical standards in our relationships with each other, our customers and suppliers, and all those we do business with. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ), along with the policies and procedures referenced in the Code, provide guidance for all employees on topics such as anti-corruption and bribery, anti-trust and competition law, discrimination including our policy on harassment and retaliation, privacy, appropriate use of company assets, protection of confidential information and reporting concerns and violations. Should potential violations of the Code, our policies and procedures, or the law occur, employees are encouraged to notify our Chief Compliance Officer through our Ethics Hotline. We do not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports a potential violation in good faith. The Chief Compliance Officer reports matters related to the Code to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Compensation Benefits : Our policy is to competitively compensate our employees. The compensation philosophy is to align both short-term and long-term incentives with our strategic objectives and to consider market forces and the performance of our Company and the employee. We offer comprehensive employee benefits that vary by country and are competitive in the marketplace. Examples of benefits offered in the U.S. include a 401(k) plan, defined benefit - cash balance plan, comprehensive health benefits, employee assistance programs, business travel, life/disability insurance and supplemental voluntary insurance. 
 
 Training Talent Development : The Company is committed to continued development of our workforce. Training is provided in several formats to accommodate workforce diversity and business focus. In addition, various internship programs and informal mentoring demonstrate the Company s ongoing commitment and initiatives toward accelerating our future leaders. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The public can obtain copies of these materials by accessing the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC, we make such materials available on our website free of charge at http://www.pkoh.com. The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These risks are not the only ones we may face. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. If any of the following risks occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to the Economic Conditions 
 
 The industries in which we operate are cyclical and are affected by the economy in general. 
 
 We sell products to customers in industries that experience cyclicality (expectancy of recurring periods of economic growth and slowdown) in demand for products and may experience substantial increases and decreases in business volume throughout economic cycles. Industries we serve, including the automotive and vehicle parts, heavy-duty truck, industrial equipment, steel, rail, oil and gas, electrical distribution and controls, aerospace and defense, recreational equipment, HVAC, electrical components, appliance and semiconductor equipment industries, are affected by consumer spending, general economic conditions and the impact of international trade, which have been adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as inflation. A downturn in any of the industries we serve could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Our business, results of operations and cash flows have been and may continue to be adversely affected by COVID-19. 
 
 To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse impact on our business, including how it has impacted our customers, employees, supply chain and distribution network. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the pandemic introduced significant volatility in the financial markets and has had a widespread adverse effect on the industries in which we operate. The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows in a number of ways, including but not limited to: 
 
 disruptions in our supply chain due to the global semiconductor micro-chip shortage, logistics issues, labor disruptions and our ability to obtain raw materials, among other factors; 
 increases in raw material and freight costs; 
 labor shortages; 
 disruptions to our facilities, including shutdowns or slowdowns as a result of facility closures, reductions in operating hours and labor shortages; 
 the inability of a significant portion of our workforce to work as a result of illness or government restrictions; 
 exposure to cybersecurity threats and other risks associated with a large number of our employees working remotely; and 
 the need to reduce our workforce as a result of declines in our business caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused us, and may continue to cause us, to incur significant expenses. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The extent to which our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows may ultimately be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein, any of which could have a material effect on us. 
 Adverse credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital, cost of capital and ability to meet liquidity needs. 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit markets, including as a result of a recession, may adversely impact our ability to access credit already arranged and the availability and cost of credit to us in the future. These market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities and access the capital necessary to grow and maintain our business. Accordingly, we may be forced to delay raising capital or pay unattractive interest rates, which could increase our interest expense, decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases or other discretionary uses of cash. Overall, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets. 
 Adverse global economic conditions may have significant effects on our customers and suppliers that could result in material adverse effects on our business and operating results. 
 Significant reductions in available capital and liquidity from banks and other providers of credit, substantial reductions and fluctuations in equity and currency values worldwide, volatility in commodity prices for such items as crude oil, and concerns that the worldwide economy may enter into a prolonged recessionary period, may materially adversely affect our customers access to capital or willingness to spend capital on our products or their ability to pay for products that they will order or have already ordered from us. In addition, unfavorable global economic conditions may materially adversely affect our suppliers access to capital and liquidity with which they maintain their inventories, production levels and product quality, which could cause them to raise prices or lower production levels. 
 These potential effects of adverse global economic conditions are difficult to forecast and mitigate. As a consequence, our operating results for a particular period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Inflation may continue to have a significant effect on labor and raw material costs, which could continue to result in material adverse effects on our business and operating results. 
 Given recent inflationary trends and forecasts for rising inflation rates in the future, we expect further raw material price increases and higher labor costs, which may continue to adversely affect our business and operating results, particularly in the Assembly Components segment. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations 
 Because a significant portion of our sales is to the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries, a decrease in the demand of these industries or the loss of any of our major customers in these industries could adversely affect our financial health. 
 Demand for certain of our products is affected by, among other things, the relative strength or weakness of the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries. The global semiconductor micro-chip shortage, in particular, could continue to adversely affect a significant portion of our sales to our automotive and heavy-duty truck customers. The domestic automotive and heavy-duty truck industries are also highly cyclical and may be adversely affected by international competition. In addition, the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries are significantly unionized and subject to work slowdowns and stoppages resulting from labor disputes. We derived 32 and 6 of our net sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 from the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The loss of a portion of business to any of our major automotive or heavy-duty truck customers could continue to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will maintain or improve our relationships in these industries or that we will continue to supply these customers at current levels. 
 Our Supply Technologies customers are generally not contractually obligated to purchase products and services from us. 
 We supply products and services to our Supply Technologies customers generally under purchase orders as opposed to long-term contracts. When we do enter into long-term contracts with our Supply Technologies customers, many of them only establish pricing terms and do not obligate our customers to buy required minimum amounts from us or to buy from us exclusively. Accordingly, many of our Supply Technologies customers may decrease the number of products and services that they purchase from us or even stop purchasing from us altogether, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and profitability. 
 We are dependent on key customers. 
 We rely on several key customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 27 of our net sales. Many of our customers place orders for products on an as-needed basis and operate in cyclical industries and, as a result, their order levels have varied from period to period in the past and may vary significantly in the future. Due to competitive issues, we have lost key customers in the past and may again in the future. Customer orders are dependent upon their markets and may be subject to delays or cancellations. As a result of dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations if any of the following were to occur: 
 
 the loss of any key customer, in whole or in part; 
 the insolvency or bankruptcy of any key customer; 
 a declining market in which customers reduce orders or demand reduced prices; or 
 a strike or work stoppage at a key customer facility, which could affect both their suppliers and customers. 
 If any of our key customers become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover accounts receivable from that customer would be adversely affected and any payments we received in the preference period prior to a bankruptcy filing may be potentially forfeitable, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries. 
 The markets in which all three of our segments sell their products are highly competitive. Some of our competitors are large companies that have greater financial resources than we have. We believe that the principal competitive factors for our Supply Technologies segment are an approach reflecting long-term business partnership and reliability, sourced product quality and conformity to customer specifications, timeliness of delivery, price and design and engineering capabilities. We believe that the principal competitive factors for our Assembly Components and Engineered Products segments are product quality and conformity to customer specifications, design and engineering capabilities, product development, timeliness of delivery and price. The rapidly evolving nature of the markets in which we compete may attract new entrants as they perceive opportunities, and our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do. In addition, our competitors may develop products that are superior to our products or may adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. 
 We expect competitive pressures in our markets to remain strong. These pressures arise from existing competitors, other companies that may enter our existing or future markets and, in some cases, our customers, which may decide to internally produce items we sell. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully with our competitors. Failure to compete successfully could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 Our Supply Technologies business depends upon third parties for substantially all of our component parts. 
 Our Supply Technologies business purchases substantially all of its component parts from third-party suppliers and manufacturers. As such, it is subject to the risk of price fluctuations and periodic delays in the delivery of component parts. Failure by suppliers to continue to supply us with these component parts on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on us. We depend upon the ability of these suppliers, among other things, to meet stringent 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 performance and quality specifications and to conform to delivery schedules. Failure by third-party suppliers to comply with these and other requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 The raw materials used in our production processes and by our suppliers of component parts are subject to price and supply fluctuations that could continue to increase our costs of production and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our supply of raw materials for our Assembly Components and Engineered Products businesses could continue to be interrupted for a variety of reasons, including supply chain constraints and price increases, raw material price inflation, supplier delays that increase lead times and higher freight costs, among other factors, may continue to have an adverse effect on our results of operations and profit margins. While we generally attempt to pass along increased raw materials prices to our customers in the form of price increases, there may be a time delay between the increased raw materials prices and our ability to increase the price of our products, or we may be unable to increase the prices of our products due various factors. 
 Our suppliers of component parts, particularly in our Supply Technologies business, may continue to significantly and quickly increase their prices in response to increases in costs of the raw materials, such as steel, that they use to manufacture our component parts. We may not be able to increase our prices commensurate with our increased costs. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 The energy costs involved in our production processes and transportation are subject to fluctuations that are beyond our control and could significantly increase our costs of production. 
 Our manufacturing process and the transportation of raw materials, components and finished goods are energy intensive. Our manufacturing processes are dependent on adequate supplies of electricity and natural gas. A substantial increase in the cost of transportation fuel, natural gas or electricity could have a material adverse effect on our margins. We may experience higher than anticipated gas costs in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, a disruption or curtailment in supply could have a material adverse effect on our production and sales levels. 
 We may experience breaches of, or disruptions to, our information technology systems, or other compromises of our data, including the improper disclosure of personal or confidential data, which may adversely affect our operations and reputation . 
 
 We utilize information technology systems in connection with our business operations, including processing orders, managing inventory and accounts receivable collections, purchasing products, maintaining cost-effective operations, routing and re-routing orders. We also depend on our information technology systems to maintain confidential, proprietary and personal information relating to our current, former and prospective employees, customers and other third parties in these systems and in systems of third-party providers who we engage in connection with the processing and storage of certain information. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party providers are subject to disruptions or damage, which may be caused by a wide array of causes, including telecommunications failures, computer failures, power outages, computer viruses, cybersecurity breaches and other intrusions, which could result in the disruption of our operations, or information misappropriation, such as theft of intellectual property or inappropriate disclosure of personal and confidential information. In addition, we could also experience data or cybersecurity breaches stemming from the intentional or negligent acts of our employees or other third parties. To the extent our information technology systems are disabled for a long period of time, key business processes could be interrupted. Any such operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information, whether in systems we maintain or are maintained by others, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any such damage, compromise or breach to our systems or those of our vendors, could result in a violation of privacy and other laws, and expose us to significant legal and financial liability. 
 Operating problems in our business may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the usual hazards associated with manufacturing and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and waste, including explosions, fires, leaks, discharges, inclement weather (including that caused by climate change), natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime and transportation interruption or calamities. The occurrence of material operating problems at our facilities may have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, both during and after the period of operational difficulties. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We have a significant amount of goodwill, and any future goodwill impairment charges could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 108.9 million. The future occurrence of a potential indicator of impairment, such as a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate, unanticipated competition, a material negative change in relationships with significant customers, strategic decisions made in response to economic or competitive conditions, loss of key personnel or a more-likely-than-not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion of a reporting unit will be sold or disposed of, could result in goodwill impairment charges, which could adversely impact our results of operations. For additional information, see Note 7, Goodwill, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 Our business and operating results may be adversely affected by natural disasters, other catastrophic events or public health issues, all of which are beyond our control. 
 While we have taken precautions to prevent production and service interruptions at our global facilities, severe weather conditions and other conditions, including those that may be caused by climate change, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and earthquakes; other natural disasters; or public health issues in areas in which we have manufacturing facilities or from which we obtain products may cause physical damage to our properties, closure of one or more of our business facilities, lack of adequate work force in a market, temporary disruption in the supply of inventory, disruption in the transport of products and utilities, or delays in the delivery of products to our customers. Any of these factors may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential expenses. 
 We maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance, but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitation, including deductible and maximum liabilities covered. We are potentially at risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. Additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. In the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain. 
 Risks Relating to Human Capital 
 Some of our employees belong to labor unions, and strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were a party to seven collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions that covered approximately 2,000 full-time employees. Our inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns by the affected workers and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members. If the unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown, or other employees were to become unionized, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and higher ongoing labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Labor shortages could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Labor shortages leading to higher labor costs, production inefficiencies and plant downtime have had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have seen a decline in the skilled labor applicant pool since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic and increased competition for skilled labor. In addition, labor disturbances affecting our customers could continue to impact our sales to certain key customers, particularly in the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries, which could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The loss of key executives could adversely impact us. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our success depends upon the efforts, abilities and expertise of our executive officers and other senior managers, including Matthew Crawford, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, as well as the president of each of our operating units. Additionally, an event of default occurs under our revolving credit facility if Messrs. M. Crawford and Edward Crawford, our former President, or certain of their related parties own in the aggregate less than 15 of Holdings outstanding common stock and, if at such time, neither Mr. M. Crawford nor Mr. E. Crawford holds the office of chairman, chief executive officer or president. The loss of the services of Mr. M. Crawford, senior and executive officers, and/or other key individuals could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters 
 Potential product liability risks exist from the products that we sell. 
 Our businesses expose us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and sale of our products and products of third-party vendors that we use or resell. While we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate product liability insurance, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms or that our insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. In the event of a claim against us, a lack of sufficient insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Moreover, even if we maintain adequate insurance, any successful claim could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 We operate and source internationally, which exposes us to the risks of doing business abroad. 
 Our operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad, including the following: 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings; 
 transportation delays and interruptions; 
 political, social and economic instability and disruptions, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the rising tension between China and the United States; 
 potential disruption that could be caused by the partial or complete reconfiguration of the European Union; 
 government embargoes or foreign trade restrictions; 
 the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 import and export controls; 
 labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; 
 the potential for nationalization of enterprises; 
 disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA 
 increasingly complex laws and regulations concerning privacy and data security, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing multinational operations; 
 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; and 
 potentially adverse tax consequences. 
 
 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom UK exited Brexit the European Union EU ). The transition period post-Brexit expired on December 31, 2020, and the UK and the EU entered into a free trade agreement that now governs the UK s relationship with the EU. While the UK and the EU can generally continue to trade with each other without the imposition of tariffs for imports and exports, there are new customs requirements that require additional documentation and data, and there are also new controls on the movement and reporting of goods. Although we have not experienced any material disruption in our business as a result of Brexit, we do not know the extent to which Brexit and the free trade agreement will ultimately impact the business and regulatory environment in the UK, the rest of the EU or other countries, although it is possible there will be tighter controls and administrative requirements for imports and exports between the UK and the EU or other countries, as well as increased regulatory complexities. Any of these factors could adversely impact customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers and our results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are also exposed to risks relating to U.S. policy with respect to companies doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax policy, trade regulations or trade agreements, such as the disallowance of tax deductions on imported merchandise or the imposition of new tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, as well as to political and economic instability. For example, our business in the European Union or elsewhere may be impacted by the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and any economic or trade sanctions enacted to condemn or counteract any Russian aggression towards or invasion of Ukraine. Any such conflict may also impact our ability to secure raw materials and exacerbate the supply chain disruption we have experienced and further limit our ability to secure certain raw materials or services. Further military action or cyberattacks by Russia to counteract any sanctions may have an impact on demand for our goods and services and adversely impact our results of operation. Our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business. 
 In addition, we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and procedures always will protect us from the reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. For example, in connection with responding to a subpoena from the staff of the SEC, regarding a third party, we disclosed to the staff that the third party participated in a payment on our behalf to a foreign tax official that implicates the FCPA. If we are found to be liable for FCPA violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Any of the events enumerated above could have an adverse effect on our operations in the future by reducing the demand for our products and services, decreasing the prices at which we can sell our products or otherwise having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will continue to operate in compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject. We also cannot assure you that these laws will not be modified. 
 We are subject to significant environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and related compliance expenditures and liabilities. 
 Our businesses are subject to many foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to the use, handling, treatment, storage, discharge and disposal of substances and hazardous wastes used or generated in our manufacturing processes. Compliance with these laws and regulations is a significant factor in our business. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and permit requirements could result in civil or criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial actions. 
 We are currently, and may in the future be, required to incur costs relating to the investigation or remediation of property, including property where we have disposed of our waste, and for addressing environmental conditions. Some environmental laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on present and former owners, operators or users of facilities and sites for contamination at such facilities and sites without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. In addition, we occasionally evaluate various alternatives with respect to our facilities, including possible dispositions or closures. Investigations undertaken in connection with these activities may lead to discoveries of contamination that must be remediated, and closures of facilities may trigger compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. Consequently, we cannot assure you that existing or future circumstances, the development of new facts or the failure of third parties to address contamination at current or former facilities or properties will not require significant expenditures by us. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to continue to be subject to increasingly stringent environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. It is difficult to predict the future interpretation and development of environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or their impact on our future earnings and operations. We anticipate that compliance will continue to require increased capital expenditures and operating costs. Any increase in these costs, or unanticipated liabilities arising from, among other things, discovery of previously unknown conditions or more aggressive enforcement actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, and there is no assurance that they will not exceed our reserves or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. 
 Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, and fees or restrictions on certain activities. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to Our Debt 
 Adverse global economic conditions may have significant effects on our customers that would result in our inability to borrow or to meet our debt service coverage ratio in our revolving credit facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our debt service coverage ratio covenant and other covenants contained in our revolving credit facility. While we expect to remain in compliance throughout 2023, declines in demand in the automotive industry and in sales volumes could adversely impact our ability to remain in compliance with certain of these financial covenants. Additionally, to the extent our customers are adversely affected by a decline in the economy in general, they may not be able to pay their accounts payable to us on a timely basis or at all, which would make the accounts receivable ineligible for purposes of the revolving credit facility and could reduce our borrowing base and our ability to borrow. 
 Risks Relating to the Execution of our Strategy 
 We may encounter difficulty in expanding our business through targeted acquisitions. 
 We have pursued, and may continue to pursue, targeted acquisition opportunities that we believe would complement our business. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in consummating any acquisitions. 
 Any targeted acquisitions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of businesses. We may not successfully overcome these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with any of our acquisitions, including the possible inability to integrate an acquired business operations, information technology, services and products into our business; diversion of management s attention; the assumption of unknown liabilities; increases in our indebtedness; the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of those acquisitions; and other unanticipated problems, some or all of which could materially and adversely affect us. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our activities. Any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with any acquisition and the integration of our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of our business. 
 We may be unable to sell our Aluminum Products business. 
 We are pursuing a sale of our Aluminum Products business. On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into the MOU with a third party pursuant to which the third party would purchase our Aluminum Products business. The sale of the 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Aluminum Products business is subject to the successful completion of a definitive purchase agreement and other customary conditions. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the sale of the Aluminum Products business will be completed. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 
 Our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President and former President collectively beneficially own a significant portion of Holdings outstanding common stock and their interests may conflict with yours. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Matthew Crawford, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, and Edward Crawford, our former President, collectively beneficially owned approximately 29 of Holdings outstanding common stock. Mr. M. Crawford is Mr. E. Crawford s son. Their interests could conflict with your interests. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operations included numerous manufacturing and supply chain logistics services facilities located in 28 states in the United States and in Puerto Rico, as well as in Asia, Canada, Europe, Mexico and Brazil. We lease our world headquarters located in Cleveland, Ohio, which also includes the world headquarters for certain of our businesses. We believe our manufacturing, logistics and corporate office facilities are well-maintained and are suitable and adequate, and they have sufficient productive capacity to meet our current needs. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information relative to our principal facilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 Segment (1) 
 Location Owned or Leased Use SUPPLY Brampton, Ontario, Canada Leased Manufacturing TECHNOLOGIES Minneapolis, MN Leased Logistics Changzhou, China Leased Manufacturing Cleveland, OH Leased Supply Technologies Corporate Office Dayton, OH Leased Logistics Memphis, TN Leased Logistics Suwanee, GA Leased Logistics Streetsboro, OH Leased Manufacturing Allentown, PA Leased Logistics Carol Stream, IL Leased Logistics Solon, OH Leased Logistics Dublin, VA Leased Logistics Tulsa, OK Leased Logistics Winston-Salem, NC Leased Logistics and Office ASSEMBLY Ocala, FL Owned Manufacturing COMPONENTS Acuna, Mexico Leased Manufacturing Lexington, TN Owned Manufacturing Angola, IN Owned Manufacturing ENGINEERED Cuyahoga Heights, OH Owned Manufacturing PRODUCTS Canton, OH (2) Owned/Leased Manufacturing Newport, AR Leased Manufacturing Warren, OH Owned Manufacturing Erie, PA Owned Manufacturing La Roeulx, Belgium Owned Manufacturing Brookfield, WI Leased Manufacturing Madison Heights, MI Leased Manufacturing Leini, Italy Owned Manufacturing Pune, India Owned Manufacturing Chennai, India Owned Manufacturing Cortland, OH Owned Office and Manufacturing Valencia, Spain Owned Manufacturing 
 (1) Each segment has other facilities, none of which is deemed to be a principal facility. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and administrative proceedings with respect to commercial, premises liability, product liability, employment, personal injury and environmental matters arising from the ordinary course of business. While any such claims, suits, investigations and proceedings involve an element of uncertainty, in the opinion of management, liabilities, if any, arising from currently pending or threatened claims, suits, investigations and proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 
 
 In addition to the routine claims, suits, investigations and proceedings noted above, we were a party to the lawsuits and legal proceedings described below as of December 31, 2022: 
 We were a co-defendant in approximately 99 cases asserting claims on behalf of approximately 162 plaintiffs alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. These asbestos cases generally relate to production and sale of asbestos-containing products and allege various theories of liability, including negligence, gross negligence and strict liability, and seek compensatory and, in some cases, punitive damages. 
 In every asbestos case in which we are named as a party, the complaints are filed against multiple named defendants. In substantially all of the asbestos cases, the plaintiffs either claim damages in excess of a specified amount, typically a minimum amount sufficient to establish jurisdiction of the court in which the case was filed (jurisdictional minimums generally range from 25,000 to 75,000), or do not specify the monetary damages sought. To the extent that any specific amount of damages is sought, the amount applies to claims against all named defendants. 
 There are four asbestos cases, involving 20 plaintiffs, that plead specified damages against named defendants. In each of the four cases, the plaintiff is seeking compensatory and punitive damages based on a variety of potentially alternative causes of action. In two cases, the plaintiff has alleged three counts at 3 million compensatory and punitive damages each; one count at 3 million compensatory and 1 million punitive damages; one count at 1 million. In the third case, the plaintiff has alleged compensatory and punitive damages, each in the amount of 20.0 million, for three separate causes of action, and 5.0 million compensatory damages for the fifth cause of action. In the fourth case, the plaintiff has alleged compensatory and punitive damages, each in the amount of 10.0 million, for ten separate causes of action. 
 Historically, we have been dismissed from asbestos cases on the basis that the plaintiff incorrectly sued one of our subsidiaries or because the plaintiff failed to identify any asbestos-containing product manufactured or sold by us or our subsidiaries. We intend to vigorously defend these asbestos cases and believe we will continue to be successful in being dismissed from such cases. However, it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of asbestos-related lawsuits, claims and proceedings due to the unpredictable nature of personal injury litigation. Despite this uncertainty, and although our results of operations and cash flows for a particular period could be adversely affected by asbestos-related lawsuits, claims and proceedings, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Among the factors management considered in reaching this conclusion were: (a) our historical success in being dismissed from these types of lawsuits on the bases mentioned above; (b) many cases have been improperly filed against one of our subsidiaries; (c) in many cases the plaintiffs have been unable to establish any causal relationship to us or our products or premises; (d) in many cases, the plaintiffs have been unable to demonstrate that they have suffered any identifiable injury or compensable loss at all or that any injuries that they have incurred did in fact result from alleged exposure to asbestos; and (e) the complaints assert claims against multiple defendants and, in most cases, the damages alleged are not attributed to individual defendants. Additionally, we do not believe that the amounts claimed in any of the asbestos cases are meaningful indicators of our potential exposure because the amounts claimed typically bear no relation to the extent of the plaintiff's injury, if any. 
 Our cost of defending these lawsuits has not been material to date and, based upon available information, our management does not expect its future costs for asbestos-related lawsuits to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial position. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The registrant is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. and has no equity securities that trade. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Park-Ohio and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 General 
 
 We are a diversified international company providing world-class customers with a supply chain management outsourcing service, capital equipment used on their production lines, and manufactured components used to assemble their products. We operate through three reportable segments: Supply Technologies, Assembly Components and Engineered Products. Refer to Part 1, Item 1. Business for descriptions of our business segments. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that our Aluminum Products business met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the Company has reported the held-for-sale assets and liabilities, the operating results and the cash flows of Aluminum Products in discontinued operations for all periods presented throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts and activity in this Annual Report are presented on a continuing operations basis. See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. On December 30, 2022, we entered into a memorandum of understanding (the MOU with a third party pursuant to which the third party would purchase our Aluminum Products business. The sale of the Aluminum Products business is subject to the entry into a definitive purchase agreement and other customary conditions. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that our Aluminum Products business met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the Company has reported the held-for-sale assets and liabilities, the operating results and the cash flows of Aluminum Products in discontinued operations for all periods presented throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts and activity in this Annual Report are presented on a continuing operations basis. See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 and 2021 Compared with 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Net sales 1,492.9 1,277.0 1,152.1 215.9 17 124.9 11 Cost of sales 1,282.4 1,099.1 986.8 183.3 17 112.3 11 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses 161.5 154.8 139.6 6.7 4 15.2 11 SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales 10.8 12.1 12.1 Restructuring and other special charges 17.3 20.4 6.6 (3.1) (15) 13.8 209 Gains on sales of assets, net (2.4) (14.7) 12.3 (14.7) Operating income 34.1 17.4 19.1 16.7 96 (1.7) (9) Other components of pension income and other postretirement benefits expense, net 11.1 9.7 7.3 1.4 14 2.4 33 Interest expense, net (33.8) (27.1) (27.7) (6.7) 25 0.6 (2) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 11.4 (1.3) 11.4 1.3 Income tax benefit 0.7 1.5 1.3 (0.8) 0.2 Income from continuing operations 12.1 1.5 10.6 1.5 (Income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (1.3) 1.2 0.3 (2.5) 0.9 300 Income from continuing operations attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder 10.8 2.7 0.3 8.1 2.4 800 
 
 Calculation not meaningful 
 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales increased 17 to 1,492.9 million in 2022 compared to 1,277.0 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher customer demand and increased net price realization in all three of our business segments. 
 
 The factors explaining the changes in segment net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 are contained in the Segment Results section below. 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales increased 17 to 1,282.4 million in 2022 compared to 1,099.1 million in 2021. The increase in cost of sales and decrease in gross margin were due to the increase in net sales described above. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 SG A Expenses 
 
 SG A expenses increased to 161.5 million, or 10.8 of net sales, in 2022 from 154.8 million, or 12.1 of net sales, in 2021. The increase in SG A expenses was primarily attributable to foreign exchange impacts of a weaker Euro and British Pound and higher personnel costs in 2022 compared to 2021. The improvement in SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was driven by the impact of fixed SG A expenses over the higher revenue base in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Restructuring and other special charges 
 
 During 2022, the Company recorded restructuring and other special charges of 17.3 million compared to 20.4 million in 2021. The charges in both 2022 and 2021 related primarily to plant closure and consolidation in the Company's Assembly Components and Engineered Products segments; other cost reduction initiatives in all three business segments; and costs related to acquisitions. 
 
 Gains on Sales of Assets, net 
 
 During 2022, in connection with its plant closure and consolidation initiatives, the Company sold assets within its Supply Technologies segment for cash proceeds of 1.5 million, resulting in a loss of 3.4 million; within its Assembly Components segment for cash proceeds of 4.4 million, resulting in a gain of 3.3 million; and within its Engineered Products segment for cash proceeds of 3.6 million, resulting in a gain of 2.5 million. The total net gain of 2.4 million was recorded on a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and was excluded from segment income. 
 
 During 2021, in connection with its plant closure and consolidation initiatives, the Company sold real estate within its Engineered Products segment for cash proceeds of 19.6 million, resulting in a gain of 14.2 million. In addition, the Company sold real estate within the Assembly Components segment for cash proceeds of 0.7 million, resulting in a gain of 0.5 million. The total net gain of 14.7 million was recorded on a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and was excluded from segment income. 
 Other Components of Pension Income and Other Postretirement Benefits OPEB Expense, Net 
 
 Other components of pension income and OPEB expense, net was 11.1 million in 2022 compared to 9.7 million in 2021. The increase in 2022 was driven by higher returns on plan assets impacting 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net increased to 33.8 million in 2022 compared to 27.1 million in 2021. The increase was due to higher average interest rates and higher average outstanding borrowings in 2022 compared to 2021. The higher borrowings were used to fund higher working capital levels. Our average effective borrowing rate was 5.1 in 2022 compared to 4.8 in 2021. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit in 2022 was 0.7 million on pre-tax income of 11.4 million, driven by changes in estimates related to prior year federal research and development credits. Income tax benefit in 2021 was 1.5 million on pre-tax income of 0.0 million, driven by the additional benefit recorded as a result of the net operating loss claimed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales increased 11 to 1,277.0 million in 2021 compared to 1,152.1 million in 2020. This increase was primarily due to higher customer demand in our Supply Technologies and Assembly Components business segments, partially offset by lower demand in our Engineered Products segment. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The factors explaining the changes in segment net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 are contained in the Segment Results section below. 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales increased 11 to 1,099.1 million in 2021 compared to 986.8 million in 2020. The increase in cost of sales was due to the increase in net sales described above. 
 SG A Expenses 
 
 SG A expenses increased to 154.8 million, or 12.1 of net sales, in 2021 from 139.6 million, or 12.1 of net sales, in 2020. In response to significantly lower demand levels caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the Company took immediate actions in many of its operations to reduce costs, including workforce furloughs, permanent headcount reductions, salary and incentive compensation reductions, and cuts in discretionary spending. As demand levels increased in 2021, a portion of the SG A expense reduction from 2020 was restored to meet the increasing demand. 
 Restructuring and other special charges 
 
 During 2021, the Company recorded restructuring and other special charges of 20.4 million compared to 6.6 million in 2020. The charges in 2021 related primarily to plant closure and consolidation in the Company's Assembly Components and Engineered Products segments; other cost reduction initiatives in all three business segments; and costs related to acquisitions. The charges in 2020 related to initiatives the Company took in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and primarily consisted of plant consolidation and closure actions. 
 Gains on Sales of Assets, net 
 
 During 2021, in connection with the plant closure and consolidation initiatives, the Company sold real estate within the Engineered Products segment for cash proceeds of 19.6 million, resulting in a gain of 14.2 million. In addition, the Company sold real estate within the Assembly Components segment for cash proceeds of 0.7 million, resulting in a gain of 0.5 million. The total net gain of 14.7 million was recorded on a separate line in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and was excluded from segment income. 
 Other Components of Pension Income and OPEB Expense, Net 
 
 Other components of pension income and OPEB expense, net was 9.7 million in 2021 compared to 7.3 million in 2020. The increase in 2021 was driven by higher returns on plan assets impacting 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net decreased to 27.1 million in 2021 compared to 27.7 million in 2020. The decrease was due to lower average interest rates partially offset by higher average outstanding borrowings in 2021 compared to 2020. Our average effective borrowing rate was 4.8 in 2021 compared to 5.0 in 2020. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit in 2021 was 1.5 million on pre-tax income of 0.0 million. Income tax benefit in 2020 was 1.3 million on pre-tax loss of 1.3 million. The benefits in both periods were due primarily to U.S tax loss planning and related net operating loss carrybacks to prior years under the CARES Act. 

SEGMENT RESULTS 
 
 For purposes of measuring business segment performance, the Company utilizes segment operating income, which is defined as revenues less expenses identifiable to the product lines within each segment. The Company does not allocate items that are non-operating or unusual in nature or are corporate costs, which include but are not limited to executive and share-based compensation and corporate office costs. Segment operating income reconciles to consolidated income before income 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 taxes by deducting corporate costs; certain non-cash and/or non-operating items; Other components of pension income and OPEB expense, net; and interest expense, net. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that our Aluminum Products business met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. Accordingly, the Company has reported the held-for-sale assets and liabilities, the operating results and the cash flows of Aluminum Products in discontinued operations for all periods presented throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts and activity in this Annual Report are presented on a continuing operations basis. See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Supply Technologies Segment 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 711.5 619.5 510.1 Segment operating income 45.7 42.8 30.2 Segment operating income margin 6.4 6.9 5.9 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 Net sales increased 15 in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to higher customer demand in most of the Company's end markets, with the biggest increases in heavy-duty truck, power sports, industrial and agricultural equipment, semiconductor, and civilian aerospace markets, as well as the sales from our acquisitions in 2022. 
 
 Segment operating income increased by 2.9 million and segment operating income margin was down 50 basis points in 2022 compared to the prior year. The decrease in margin was driven primarily by higher supply chain costs, primarily freight-related, and sales mix. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Net sales increased 21 in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to higher customer demand in most of the Company's end markets, with the biggest increases in heavy-duty truck, power sports, semiconductor, and agricultural and industrial equipment. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, customer demand in 2020 was down significantly in most of our key end markets. 
 
 Segment operating income increased by 12.6 million and segment operating income margin was up 100 basis points in 2021 compared to the prior year. These net increases were driven by the profit flow-through on higher sales, the impact of pricing initiatives and the impact of cost reduction actions. These positive factors were partially offset by higher freight costs in 2021 as a result of global supply chain constraints and a labor strike at a major truck assembly plant. 
 
 Assembly Components Segment 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 388.8 321.5 298.4 Segment operating (loss) income 1.1 (2.6) 10.9 Segment operating (loss) income margin 0.3 (0.8) 3.7 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 Net sales increased 21 in 2022 compared to 2021. The sales increase was driven by higher customer demand driven by several products launched in 2021, increased net price realization and the pass-through of higher rubber compound prices in 2022. In addition, 2021 sales were negatively impacted by the global micro-chip shortage and supply chain disruptions in the auto industry. 
 
 Segment operating income in 2022 increased by 3.7 million, and segment operating income margin increased 110 basis points compared to 2021. The improvement in segment operating results in 2022 compared to the prior year was driven by profit flow-through from the higher sales levels, higher product pricing and the benefit of profit improvement initiatives, all of which more than offset the impacts of inflation and higher operating costs in 2022. In 2022, expenses incurred in connection with plant closure and consolidation, severance and other costs were 5.6 million. In 2021, expenses incurred in connection with plant closure and consolidation, severance, a legal settlement and other costs were 5.7 million. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Net sales increased 8 in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to the shut-down of North American automotive production in the second quarter of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset the impact of the global micro-chip shortage, which negatively impacted net sales in 2021. 
 
 Segment operating loss in the 2021 period decreased by 13.5 million, and segment operating income margin decreased 450 basis points compared to 2020. The loss in 2021 was driven by the negative impacts of the global semiconductor micro-chip shortage; higher labor costs; production inefficiencies; and various supply chain constraints, including supplier delays that caused extended lead times and increasing freight costs. These factors were partially offset by the positive impact of higher sales in 2021. In 2021, expenses incurred in connection with plant closure and consolidation, severance, a legal settlement and other costs were 5.7 million. The 2020 income included expenses related to plant closure and consolidation of 4.1 million. 
 
 Engineered Products Segment 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 392.6 336.0 343.6 Segment operating (loss) income 14.8 (12.2) 3.5 Segment operating (loss) income margin 3.8 (3.6) 1.0 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 Net sales were 17 higher in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was driven by strong demand in both our capital equipment business and our forged and machined products business as key end markets continue to recover from COVID-19 pandemic lows. 
 
 Segment operating income was 14.8 million in 2022 compared to segment operating loss of 12.2 million in 2021. The profitability improvement in 2022 was driven by the higher sales levels, implemented operational improvements, and benefits of profit-improvement initiatives, including plant closure and consolidation. In 2022, expenses incurred in connection with plant closure and consolidation, severance, and other costs were 8.4 million, compared to 12.7 million in 2021. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Net sales were 2 lower in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease was due to lower demand in certain end markets in our forged and machined products business which continue to be slow to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by stronger demand in 2021 for our capital equipment products. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Segment operating loss was 12.2 million in 2021 compared to segment operating income of 3.5 million in 2020. This decrease in profitability was due to expenses of 12.7 million related to plant closure and consolidation activities and other actions in 2021, lower sales levels, and manufacturing under-absorption of fixed costs at certain plants. Expenses related to plant closure and consolidation in 2020 were 2.2 million. 

Information about our Guarantors and the Issuer of our Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The accompanying summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Registered or Being Registered, and Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X, Financial Disclosures about Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities and Affiliates Whose Securities Collateralized a Registrant s Securities. Each of the material domestic direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries (the Guarantor subsidiaries of the Company have fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed the obligations under the 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.625 Senior Notes due 2027 issued by the Company (the Notes ). 
 
 The following presents the summarized financial information on a combined basis for Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (parent company and issuer of the guaranteed obligations) and the Guarantor subsidiaries, which are collectively referred to as the obligated group. Transactions between the obligated group have been eliminated. Information for the non-Guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded from the combined summarized financial information of the obligated group. 
 
 Each Guarantor subsidiary is consolidated by Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Exhibit 22.1 to this Form 10-K for the detailed list of entities included within the obligated group as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The guarantee of a Guarantor subsidiary with respect to the Notes will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, and such Guarantor subsidiary s obligations under the guarantee and the indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued (the Indenture ), will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, upon the occurrence of any of the following: 
 
 (a) any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or all of the capital stock of such Guarantor subsidiary, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, or a sale or other disposition of all of the capital stock of such Guarantor subsidiary, in each case to a person that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) the Company or a subsidiary of the Company; provided that the net proceeds of such sale or other disposition are applied in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 
 
 (b) the designation of any Guarantor subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture); 
 
 (c) defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture; or 
 
 (d) the release of such Guarantor subsidiary s guarantee under all credit facilities of the Company (other than a release as a result of payment under or a discharge of such guarantee). 
 
 Each entity in the summarized combined financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying summarized combined financial information does not reflect investments of the obligated group in non-Guarantor subsidiaries. The financial information of the obligated group is presented on a combined basis; intercompany balances and transactions within the obligated group have been eliminated. The obligated group s amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with, non-Guarantor subsidiaries and related parties have been presented in separate line items. 
 
 Summarized Combined Financial Information of the Issuer and Guarantor Subsidiaries: 
 
 The following table contains summarized combined financial information from the Statements of Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Position of the obligated group, which includes our discontinued Aluminum Products business (See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information): 
 27 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Total current assets (excluding amounts due from subsidiaries that are non-Guarantors) 620.3 490.2 Total noncurrent assets 321.6 386.9 Amounts due from subsidiaries that are non-Guarantors 31.2 29.2 Total current liabilities 312.5 233.0 Total noncurrent liabilities 680.0 646.0 
 
 The following table contains summarized combined financial information from the Statements of Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Operations of the obligated group, which includes our discontinued Aluminum Products business (See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Net sales 1,209.2 993.0 905.9 Cost of sales 1,052.5 894.8 793.5 SG A expenses 169.6 132.6 118.2 Loss before income taxes (17.5) (45.4) (22.1) Net loss (0.8) (28.5) (10.9) 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financing or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, other than the letters of credits disclosed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere herein. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions which affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that are used to prepare financial statements. Management has made their best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration to materiality. We do not believe that there is great likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions related to the accounting policies described below. However, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below. On a regular basis, critical accounting policies are reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 Revenue Recognition: We recognize revenue, other than from long-term contracts, when our obligations under the contact terms are satisfied and control transfers to the customer, typically upon shipment. Revenue from certain long-term contracts is accounted for over time, when products are manufactured or services are performed, as control transfers under these 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 arrangements. We follow the input method since reasonably reliable estimates of revenue and costs of a contract can be made. See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein for additional disclosures on revenue. 
 Allowance for Obsolete and Slow-Moving Inventory: Inventories are valued using first-in, first-out or the weighted-average inventory method; stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value; and have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. The estimated allowance is based on management s review of inventories on hand with minimal sales activity, which is compared to estimated future usage and sales. Inventories identified by management as slow-moving or obsolete are reserved for based on estimated selling prices less disposal costs. Though we consider these allowances adequate and proper, changes in economic conditions in specific markets in which we operate could have a material effect on allowances required. 
 Business Combinations: Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method of accounting under ASC 805, "Business Combinations." This method requires the Company to record assets and liabilities of the business acquired at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The Company uses valuation specialists to perform appraisals and assist in the determination of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These valuations require management to make estimates and assumptions including discount rates, rates of return on assets, long-term sales growth rates, and royalty rates. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets: As required by ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ), management performs impairment testing of goodwill at least annually, as of October 1 of each year, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment pursuant to ASC 280, Segment Reporting , or one level below the operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management. Our reporting units have been identified at the component level. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, we performed quantitative testing for each reporting unit with a goodwill balance. 
 Our annual goodwill impairment analysis utilizes a quantitative approach comparing the carrying amount of the reporting unit to its estimated fair value. To the extent that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded. In applying the quantitative approach, we use an income approach to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. The income approach uses a number of factors, including future business plans, actual and forecasted operating results, and market data. The significant assumptions employed under this method include discount rates; revenue growth rates, including assumed terminal growth rates; and operating margins used to project future cash flows for a reporting unit. The discount rates utilized reflect market-based estimates of capital costs and discount rates adjusted for management s assessment of a market participant s view with respect to other risks associated with the projected cash flows of the individual reporting unit. Our estimates are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which by nature are uncertain and unpredictable. We believe we incorporate ample sensitivity ranges into our analysis of goodwill impairment testing for a reporting unit, such that actual experience would need to be materially out of the range of expected assumptions in order for an impairment to remain undetected. We validate our estimates of fair value under the income approach by considering the implied control premium and conclude whether that premium is reasonable based on recent market transactions. 
 The results of testing as of October 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for all reporting units confirmed that the estimated fair values exceeded carrying values, and no impairment related to continuing operations existed as of those dates. The Company's reporting units with goodwill balances had fair values in excess of their carrying amounts by at least 14 . 
 
 Additionally, we test all indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, as of October 1 of each year, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we utilized a quantitative approach using the royalty relief method. The significant assumptions employed under this method include discount rates, revenue growth rates, including assumed terminal growth rates, and royalty rates. The discount rates utilized reflect market-based estimates of capital costs and discount rates adjusted for management s assessment of a market participant s view with respect to other risks associated with the projected cash flows of the individual reporting unit. Our estimates are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which by nature are uncertain and unpredictable. We believe we incorporate ample sensitivity ranges into our analysis of intangible impairment testing, such that actual experience would need to be materially out of the range of expected assumptions in order for an impairment to remain undetected. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The results of testing as of October 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for all reporting units confirmed that the estimated fair value exceeded carrying values, and no impairment existed as of those dates. 
 See Notes 7 and 8 of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein for additional disclosure on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. 
 Income Taxes: In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates. Specifically, we measure gross deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and carryforwards, such as operating losses and tax credits, using the applicable enacted tax rates and apply the more likely than not measurement criterion. 
 In determining if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of a deferred tax asset will be realized, we consider the following factors: future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences; taxable income in prior years if carryback is permitted under the tax law; tax planning strategies that could accelerate taxable income; and future taxable income. Based on these factors, when we have determined that the realizability of certain domestic and foreign deferred tax assets is more likely than not to not be realized, a valuation allowance has been established. 
 Further, at each interim reporting period, we estimate an effective income tax rate that is expected to be applicable for the full year. Significant judgment is involved regarding the application of global income tax laws and regulations and when projecting the jurisdictional mix of income. Additionally, interpretation of tax laws, court decisions or other guidance provided by taxing authorities influences our estimate of the effective income tax rates. As a result, our actual annual effective income tax rates and related income tax liabilities may differ materially from our interim estimated effective tax rates and related income tax liabilities. Any resulting differences are recorded in the period they become known. 
 Pension Plans: We and our subsidiaries have pension plans, principally noncontributory defined benefit or noncontributory defined contribution plans covering substantially all employees. The measurement of liabilities related to these plans is based on management s assumptions related to future events, including interest rates, return on pension plan assets, rate of compensation increases, and health care cost trends. Pension plan asset performance in the future will directly impact our net income. We have evaluated our pension assumptions, considering current trends in interest rates and market conditions and believe our assumptions are appropriate. 
 We consult with our actuaries at least annually when reviewing and selecting the discount rates to be used. The discount rates used by the Company are based on yields of various corporate and governmental bond indices with actual maturity dates that approximate the estimated benefit payment streams of the related pension plans. The discount rates are also reviewed in comparison with current benchmark indices, economic market conditions and the movement in the benchmark yield since the previous fiscal year. The liability weighted-average discount rate for the defined benefit pension plan is 5.48 for 2022, compared with 2.80 in 2021. For the other postretirement benefit plan, the rate is 5.41 for 2022 and 2.49 for 2021. This rate represents the interest rates generally available in the United States, which is the Company s only country with other postretirement benefit liabilities. Another assumption that affects the Company s pension expense is the expected long-term rate of return on assets. The Company s pension plans are funded. The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption is 7.75 for 2022. In determining the expected return on plan assets, we consider both historical performance and an estimate of future long-term rates of return on assets similar to those in our plan. We consult with and consider opinions of financial and actuarial experts in developing appropriate return assumptions. 
 Legal Contingencies: We are involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and administrative proceedings with respect to commercial, premises liability, product liability, employment, personal injury and environmental matters arising from the ordinary course of business. We accrue reserves for legal contingencies, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate an amount. When a single amount cannot be reasonably estimated, but the cost can be estimated within a range and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the minimum amount in the range. Based upon facts and information currently available, we believe the amounts reserved are adequate for such pending matters. We monitor the development of legal proceedings on a regular basis and will adjust our reserves when, and to the extent, additional information becomes available. 

Environmental 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We have been identified as a potentially responsible party at third-party sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, or comparable state laws, which provide for strict and, under certain circumstances, joint and several liability. We are participating in the cost of certain clean-up efforts at several of these sites. However, our share of such costs has not been material and based on available information, management does not expect our exposure at any of these locations to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 We have been named as one of many defendants in a number of asbestos-related personal injury lawsuits. Our cost of defending such lawsuits has not been material to date and, based upon available information, management does not expect our future costs for asbestos-related lawsuits to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. We caution, however, that inherent in management s estimates of our exposure are expected trends in claims severity, frequency and other factors that may materially vary as claims are filed and settled or otherwise resolved. 

Seasonality; Variability of Operating Results 
 
 The timing of orders placed by our customers has varied with, among other factors, orders for customers finished goods, customer production schedules, competitive conditions and general economic conditions. The variability of the level and timing of orders has, from time to time, resulted in significant periodic and quarterly fluctuations in the operations of our business units. Such variability is particularly evident in the industrial equipment business unit included in the Engineered Products segment, which typically ships a few large systems per year. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The words believes , anticipates , plans , expects , intends , estimates and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements, including statements regarding future performance of the Company, that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are not limited to, the following: our ability to consummate the sale of our Aluminum Products business for any reason, including the inability to enter into a definitive purchase agreement; the ultimate impact the COVID-19 pandemic has on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity, including, without limitation, supply chain issues such as the global semiconductor micro-chip shortage and logistic issues; our substantial indebtedness; the uncertainty of the global economic environment; general business conditions and competitive factors, including pricing pressures and product innovation; demand for our products and services; the impact of labor disturbances affecting our customers; raw material availability and pricing; fluctuations in energy costs; component part availability and pricing; changes in our relationships with customers and suppliers; the financial condition of our customers, including the impact of any bankruptcies; our ability to successfully integrate recent and future acquisitions into existing operations; changes in general economic conditions such as inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates, unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions and changing government policies, laws and regulations, including those related to the current global uncertainties and crises, such as tariffs and surcharges; adverse impacts to us, our suppliers and customers from acts of terrorism or hostilities, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or political unrest, including the rising tension between China and the United States; public health issues, including the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact on our facilities and operations and our customers and suppliers; our ability to meet various covenants, including financial covenants, contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness; disruptions, uncertainties or volatility in the credit markets that may limit our access to capital; potential disruption due to a partial or complete reconfiguration of the European Union; increasingly stringent domestic and foreign governmental regulations, including those affecting the environment or import and export controls and other trade barriers; inherent uncertainties involved in assessing our potential liability for environmental remediation-related activities; the outcome of pending and future litigation and other claims and disputes with customers; our dependence on the automotive and heavy-duty truck industries, which are highly cyclical; the dependence of the automotive industry on consumer spending; our ability to negotiate contracts with labor unions; our dependence on key management; our dependence on information systems; and the other factors we describe under Item 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 1A. Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a forward-looking statement herein should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. The Company assumes no obligation to update the information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except to the extent required by law. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk, including changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we are subject to interest rate risk on borrowings under the floating rate revolving credit facility provided by our Credit Agreement, which consisted of borrowings of 285.3 million at December 31, 2022. A 100-basis point increase in the interest rate would have resulted in an increase in interest expense on these borrowings of approximately 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign subsidiaries generally conduct business in local currencies. We face translation risks related to the changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Amounts invested in our foreign operations are translated in U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Shareholder's equity section of the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sales and expenses at our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable monthly average exchange rates. Therefore, changes in exchange rates may either positively or negatively affect our net sales and expenses from foreign operations as expressed in U.S. dollars. During 2022, we entered into an agreement to hedge foreign currency exchange rates. The agreement did not have a material impact on the results of the Company. 
 
 Our largest exposures to commodity prices relate to metal and natural gas prices, which have fluctuated widely in recent years. We have no commodity swap agreements or forward purchase contracts. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Financial Data 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 42 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 68 

34 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholder and the Board of Directors of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, shareholder's equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Quantitative Impairment Assessment of Goodwill Description of the matter How we addressed the matter in our audit At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill was 108.9 million. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level for impairment utilizing the income approach, which uses a discounted cash flow methodology to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. 
 
 Auditing management s quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for certain of its reporting units was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as revenue growth rates, operating margins and weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which are impacted by expectations of future market or economic conditions. 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment process. This included controls over management s review of the significant assumptions underlying the fair value determination described above. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions described above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. For example, we compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends and to historical results. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. We also involved our specialists to review the methodology, and certain assumptions such as the WACC. In addition, we tested management s reconciliation of the fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1967. 

March 16, 2023 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In millions, except per share data) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Receivables from affiliates Unbilled contract revenue Promissory note related to financing arrangement Other current assets Current assets held-for-sale - discontinued operations 1 
 Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Pension assets Other long-term assets Long-term assets held-for-sale - discontinued operations 1 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Payables to affiliates Current portion of long-term debt and short-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued employee compensation Deferred revenue Financing arrangement liability Other accrued expenses Current liabilities held-for-sale - discontinued operations 1 
 Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities, less current portion: Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Long-term liabilities held-for-sale - discontinued operations 1 
 Total long-term liabilities Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries shareholder's equity: Common stock, par value per share 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries shareholder's equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and shareholder's equity 
 (1) - 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Net sales Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and other special charges Gains on sales of assets, net ) ) Operating income Other components of pension income and other postretirement benefits expense, net Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax benefit Income from continuing operations (Income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Income from continuing operations attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder Loss from discontinued operations attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder ) ) ) Net loss attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Net loss attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder before noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Currency translation ) ) Pensions and other postretirement benefits, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to ParkOhio common shareholder ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Noncontrolling Interest Total (In millions) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to parent ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to parent ) ) Dividends ) ) Increase in Park-Ohio ownership interest ) Other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Dividend paid to parent ) ) Dividends ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUED OPERATIONS (In millions) Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations to net cash (used) provided by operating activities from continued operations: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Gains on sales of assets, net ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other ) ) ) Net cash (used) provided by operating activities from continued operations ) ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUED OPERATIONS Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used by investing activities from continued operations ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUED OPERATIONS Proceeds from (payments on) revolving credit facility, net ) Payments on term loans and other debt ) ) ) Proceeds from other long-term debt Proceeds from (payments on) finance lease facilities, net ) Proceeds from third-party financing arrangement Dividend paid to parent ) ) ) Dividends ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities from continued operations ) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 1 : 
 Total (used) provided by operating activities ) ) Total used by investing activities ) ) ) Total used by financing activities ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Income taxes paid (received), net ) Interest paid 
 (1) - 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 

NOTE 1 
 
 reportable segments: Supply Technologies, Assembly Components and Engineered Products. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company does not have off-balance sheet arrangements or financings with unconsolidated entities or other persons, other than the letters of credits disclosed in Note 9. The Company leases certain real properties owned by related parties as described in Note 13. Transactions with related parties are not material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 See Note 4, Discontinued Operations, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s policy is to measure expected credit losses on accounts receivable based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable forecasts. During 2022 and 2021, we sold, without recourse, million and million, respectively, of accounts receivable to mitigate accounts receivable concentration risk and to increase working capital efficiency. Sales of accounts receivable are reflected as a reduction of accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the proceeds are included in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Expense in the amount of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the discount on sale of accounts receivable is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

43 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Work in process Finished goods Inventories, net Other Inventory Items Inventory reserves ) ) Consigned inventory 
 
 years for buildings, and one to years for machinery and equipment (with the majority in the range of three to ). 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Leased property under finance leases Total property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation expense 

See Notes 7 and 8 for additional disclosures about goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. 

44 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Refer to Note 14 for more information. 

The impact of GILTI at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was tax expense of million and million, respectively. 

45 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had uncollateralized receivables with customers in the automotive industry, each with several locations, aggregating million, which represented approximately of the Company s trade accounts receivable. During 2022, sales to these customers amounted to approximately million, which represented approximately of the Company s net sales. 

Claims paid during the year ) ) ) Warranty expense Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31 

No other recently issued ASUs are expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

NOTE 2 

46 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

- days; the Company has no financing components. 
 
 The majority of the Company s revenue is derived from contracts (i) with an original contract length of one year or less, or (ii) for which it recognizes revenue at the amount at which it has the right to invoice as products or services are delivered. The Company has elected the practical expedient not to disclose the value of remaining performance obligations associated with these types of contacts. 
 
 The Company also has certain contracts which contain performance obligations that are immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer. The Company has elected the practical expedient not to assess whether these promised goods or services are performance obligations. 
 
 Supply Technologies provides our customers with Total Supply Management , a proactive solutions approach that manages the efficiencies of every aspect of supplying production parts and materials to our customers manufacturing floor, from strategic planning to program implementation. Within this segment, contracts routinely consist of a long-term agreement or master service agreement with quantity and pricing specified through individual purchase orders. Revenue is recognized at a point in time, which is the shipping point, as that is when control transfers to the customer. 
 
 Assembly Components designs, develops and manufactures: highly efficient, high pressure direct fuel injection fuel rails and pipes; fuel filler pipes that route fuel from the gas cap to the gas tank; and flexible multi-layer plastic and rubber assemblies used to transport fuel from the vehicle's gas tank and then, at extreme high pressure, to the engine's fuel injector nozzles. Within this segment, contracts routinely consist of a long-term agreement or master service agreement with quantity and pricing specified through individual purchase orders. Revenue is recognized at a point in time, which is at the shipping point, as that is when control transfers to the customer. 
 
 Engineered Products operates a diverse group of niche manufacturing businesses that design and manufacture a broad range of highly-engineered products, including induction heating and melting systems, pipe threading systems and forged and machined products. Engineered Products also produces and provides services and spare parts for the equipment it manufactures. In this segment, revenue is recognized for certain revenue streams at a point in time, and over time for other revenue streams. For point in time arrangements, revenue is recognized at the shipping point, as that is when control transfers to the customer. For over time arrangements, revenue is recognized over the time during which products are manufactured or services are performed, as control transfers under these arrangements over a period of time. Over time arrangements represent of the Company's total consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company uses the input method to calculate the contract revenues to be recognized, which utilizes costs incurred to date in relation to total expected costs to satisfy the Company s performance obligation under the contract. Incurred costs represent work performed and therefore best depict the transfer of control to the customer. 
 
 For over time arrangements, contract liabilities relate to advances or deposits received from the Company s customers before revenue is recognized. These amounts, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are recorded as Deferred revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For over time arrangements, contract assets relate to revenue recognized in advance of billings to customers under long-term contracts accounted for under percentage of completion. These amounts, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are recorded as Unbilled contract revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has elected to account for shipping and handling as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer its products. As such, shipping and handling fees billed to customers in a sales transaction are recorded in Net sales, and shipping and handling costs incurred are recorded in Cost of sales. The Company has elected to exclude from Net sales any value-added, sales or other taxes which it collects concurrent with revenue-producing activities. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Engineered specialty fasteners and other products Supply Technologies Segment Fuel, rubber and plastic products Assembly Components Segment 1 
 Industrial equipment Forged and machined products Engineered Products Segment Total revenues 
 (1) - Our continuing operations exclude the results of our Aluminum Products business unit, which is held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022 and presented in discontinued operations for all periods presented. The Aluminum Products business unit was previously included in our Assembly Components segment. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Europe Asia Mexico Canada Other Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 GEOGRAPHIC REGION United States Europe Asia Mexico Canada Other Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 GEOGRAPHIC REGION United States Europe Asia Mexico Canada Other Total 

NOTE 3 
 reportable segments: Supply Technologies, Assembly Components and Engineered Products. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that the Aluminum Products business met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations accounting criteria. The Aluminum Products business was previously reported in the Company s Assembly Components segment and now is shown as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 For purposes of measuring business segment performance, the chief operating decision maker utilizes segment operating (loss) income, which is defined as revenues less expenses identifiable to the product lines within each segment. The Company does not allocate items that are non-operating; unusual in nature; or are corporate costs, which include but are not limited to executive and share-based compensation and corporate office costs. Segment operating (loss) income reconciles to consolidated (loss) income before income taxes by deducting corporate costs, certain non-cash and/or non-operating items; Other components of pension income and other postretirement benefits OPEB expense, net; and interest expense, net. 

49 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Assembly Components Engineered Products Segment operating (loss) income: Supply Technologies Assembly Components ) Engineered Products ) Total segment operating income Corporate costs ) ) ) Gains on sales of assets, net Operating income Other components of pension income and other postretirement benefits expense, net Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Capital expenditures: Supply Technologies Assembly Components Engineered Products Corporate Depreciation and amortization expense: Supply Technologies Assembly Components Engineered Products Corporate Identifiable assets: Supply Technologies Assembly Components Engineered Products Corporate Assets held-for-sale by discontinued operations 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

, and , respectively, of the Company s assets (including assets held-for-sale) were located in the United States. 

NOTE 4 
 
 Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative Restructuring and other special charges Goodwill impairment Operating loss ) ) ) Interest expense 1 
 ) ) ) Loss from operation of discontinued operations ) ) ) Loss on classification as held-for-sale ) Income tax benefit Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) 
 (1) - Interest expense includes an allocation of interest that is not directly attributable to our Aluminum Products business, totaling million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The following represents the details of assets and liabilities held-for-sale in each period: 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Inventories, net Other current assets Current assets held-for-sale 1 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term assets held-for-sale 1 
 Total assets held-for-sale LIABILITIES Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Current portion of finance lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other accrued expenses Current liabilities held-for-sale 1 
 Long-term liabilities, less current portion: Long-term finance lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term liabilities held-for-sale 1 
 Total liabilities held-for-sale 

NOTE 5 

52 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Engineered Products Total 2021: Assembly Components Engineered Products Total 2020: Assembly Components Engineered Products Total 
 
 The actions in the Assembly Components segment were primarily in connection with actions taken to close and consolidate its extrusion operations in Tennessee and its fuel operations in Michigan, to relocate certain production to lower-cost facilities with open capacity, and to complete other cost-reduction actions. 
 
 The actions in the Engineered Product segment were primarily in connection with plant closure and consolidation of multiple locations, and to complete other cost-reduction actions in this segment. 
 
 The Company expects to incur expenses of approximately million to million in 2023 in connection with its plant closure and consolidation activities. 
 
 2021 2020 

NOTE 6 
 
 million, net of cash acquired. Charter, which is included in our Supply Technologies segment, is headquartered in Changzhou, China and is strategic to our existing fastener manufacturing business, will accelerate the global growth of the Company's proprietary products to electric vehicle and other auto-related platforms. 

53 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Inventories Property, plant and equipment Other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Total purchase price 
 
 The Company paid million for Charter in 2022 and is scheduled to pay the remaining balance throughout 2023 and 2024. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company acquired Southern Fasteners Supply, Inc. Southern Fasteners for million, net of cash acquired. The purchase price included cash of million paid at closing plus a million note that will be paid to the seller over the next . Southern Fasteners, which is included in our Supply Technologies segment, is headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Southern Fasteners provides commercial fasteners and industrial supplies to a diverse base of Maintenance, Repair and Operations MRO and Original Equipment Manufacturing OEM customers throughout the United States and specializes in the design of customized inventory programs for its customers. Southern Fasteners complements Supply Technologies continued efforts to grow the initiatives centered around industrial supply and MRO products to our global OEM customer base. 
 
 million of notes payable to the seller): 
 (In millions) Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Other current assets Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Total purchase price (including notes payable to seller of million) 

In 2021, the Company acquired NYK Component Solutions Limited NYK ). NYK, which is included in our Supply Technologies segment, is headquartered in Southampton, United Kingdom and is a leading distributor of circular connectors and accessories for use in aerospace, defense, and other industrial applications. NYK provides complementary products to our existing products in Supply Technologies. 
 
 At closing, the Company paid million in cash, net of cash acquired. In addition, the purchase agreement stipulates potential contingent consideration of up to an additional million based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization during the following the acquisition date. The Company paid million during 2022, which is included in Business Acquisitions in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to pay an additional million of the contingent consideration to the seller in 2023. 

54 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

NOTE 7 
 
 Acquisition Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

NOTE 8 
 
 Indefinite-lived tradenames Technology Other Total Not applicable, as these tradenames have an indefinite life. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

NOTE 9 
 
 Revolving credit facility November 26, 2024 Finance leases Various Various Other Various Various Total debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt and short-term debt ) ) Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, net 
 In addition to debt listed above, on December 30, 2022, the Company entered into the MOU with a third party pursuant to which the third party would purchase our Aluminum Products business. The sale of the Aluminum Products business is subject to the successful completion of a definitive purchase agreement and other customary conditions. In connection with the MOU, the Company also entered into a financing arrangement with the third party pursuant to which the Company received a portion of the estimated purchase price of the Aluminum Products business, including million of cash and a promissory note in the principal amount of million, and recorded a financing arrangement liability of million. The Company used the million from this financing arrangement to repay indebtedness under its revolving credit facility. If a definitive purchase agreement between the parties is not entered into or the sale is not successfully consummated, the promissory note will be cancelled and the Company will repay the third party million, less a million break-up fee. 
 ParkOhio's Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in the amount of million, including a million Canadian revolving subcommitment and a European revolving subcommitment in the amount of million. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, ParkOhio has the option to increase the availability under the revolving credit facility by an aggregate incremental amount up to million. The Credit Agreement matures on November 16, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowing availability of million under the Credit Agreement 
 
 In April 2017, ParkOhio completed the issuance, in a private placement, of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and the Notes mature on April 15, 2027. The Notes are unsecured senior obligations of ParkOhio and are guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by the owned material domestic subsidiaries of ParkOhio. 
 
 On August 13, 2015, the Company entered into a finance lease agreement (the Lease Agreement ). The Lease Agreement provides the Company up to million for finance leases. Finance lease obligations of million were borrowed under the Lease Agreement as of December 31, 2022 to acquire machinery and equipment. See Note 13 for additional disclosures about finance leases. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had additional finance leases totaling million. 
 
 On October 21, 2015, the Company, through its subsidiary, Southwest Steel Processing LLC, entered into a financing agreement with the Arkansas Development Finance Authority. The agreement provides the Company the ability to borrow up to million for expansion of its manufacturing facility in Arkansas. The loan matures in September 2025. The Company has borrowed million under this agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Fair value 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Foreign subsidiaries of the Company had million of borrowings at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We had outstanding bank guarantees and letters of credit under our credit arrangements of approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on all debt was approximately in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 

NOTE 10 ) ) Outside the United States )) ) ) State ) Foreign ) Deferred expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) Effect of state income taxes, net ) ) Effect of foreign operations Valuation allowance ) Uncertain tax positions ) ) Non-deductible items ) Equity compensation CARES Act NOL carryback ) ) Foreign tax credit ) ) ) Other tax credits ) ) ) GILTI FDII ) Other, net ) ) Income tax benefit as recorded ) ) ) 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Inventory Net operating loss and credit carryforwards Operating lease liabilities Compensation Capitalized research and development expenditures Disallowed interest Other Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Depreciation Pension Intangible assets Lease right-of-use assets Other Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax assets (liabilities) prior to valuation allowances ) Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred income tax liability ) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S., state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards as well as U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes. The foreign net operating loss carryforward is million, of which million expires between 2023 and 2042 and the remainder has no expiration date. The Company has a tax benefit from a state net operating loss carryforward of million, of which, million expires between 2023 and 2042 and the remainder has no expiration date. The Company also has a non-consolidated U.S. net operating loss carryforward of million that expires between 2034 and 2037. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million against these net operating loss carryforwards in jurisdictions where those losses are not expected to be realized. The foreign tax credit carryforward is million and expires between 2030 and 2032. The foreign tax credit carryforward has a full valuation allowance as the Company is not expected to generate sufficient foreign source income to utilize the credit before expiration. The U.S. research and development tax credit carryforward is million and expires between 2041 and 2042. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in a cumulative loss position. The Company has determined that it was more likely than not that its U.S. deferred tax assets will be realized, except for the foreign tax credit as noted above. The Company reviews all valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets and will reverse these valuation allowances, partially or totally, when appropriate under ASC 740. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Gross Increases to Tax Positions Related to Prior Years Gross Decreases to Tax Positions Related to Prior Years ) Gross Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Expiration of Statute of Limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized Tax Benefit December 31 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is million at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately million in both years in net interest and penalties due to the expiration of various uncertain tax positions. The Company had approximately million for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. It is reasonably possible that, within the next twelve months the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by approximately million as a result of the closure of tax statutes related to existing uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s tax years for 2014 through 2022 remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service and 2007 through 2022 remain open for examination by various state and foreign taxing authorities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accumulated undistributed earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries of approximately million. Because million of such earnings have previously been subject to the one-time transition taxes required by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), any additional taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of our foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign withholding and state income taxes. We intend, however, to indefinitely reinvest these earnings and expect future U.S. cash generation to be sufficient to meet future U.S. cash needs. 

NOTE 11 
 
 Granted (a) 
 Vested ) ) Cancelled or expired ) Outstanding end of year 
 (a) Included in the granted amount are restricted share units 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, relating to time-based awards and performance-based awards. 
 The share performance-based award in 2019 relates to a cumulative profit target through 2023. Through December 31, 2022, compensation expense was recognized as achievement of the performance target is deemed not probable. 
 
 The total fair value of restricted shares and share units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized compensation expense of million related to restricted shares. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a total weighted average period of years. 

NOTE 12 
 
 cases asserting claims on behalf of approximately plaintiffs alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. These asbestos cases generally relate to production and sale of asbestos-containing products and allege various theories of liability, including negligence, gross negligence and strict liability, and seek compensatory and, in some cases, punitive damages. In every asbestos case in which we are named as a party, the complaints are filed against multiple named defendants. To the extent that any specific amount of damages is sought, the amount applies to claims against all named defendants. 
 
 Historically, we have been dismissed from asbestos cases on the basis that the plaintiff incorrectly sued one of our subsidiaries or because the plaintiff failed to identify any asbestos-containing product manufactured or sold by us or our subsidiaries. We intend to vigorously defend these asbestos cases and believe we will continue to be successful in being dismissed from such cases. However, it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of asbestos-related lawsuits, claims and proceedings due to the unpredictable nature of personal injury litigation. 
 
 Despite this uncertainty, and although our results of operations and cash flows for a particular period could be adversely affected by asbestos-related lawsuits, claims and proceedings, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Among the factors management considered in reaching this conclusion were: (a) our historical success in being dismissed from these types of lawsuits on the bases mentioned above; (b) many cases have been improperly filed against one of our subsidiaries; (c) in many cases the plaintiffs have been unable to establish any causal relationship to us or our products or premises; (d) in many cases, the plaintiffs have been unable to demonstrate that they have suffered any identifiable injury or compensable loss at all or that any injuries that they have incurred did in fact result from alleged exposure to asbestos; and (e) the complaints assert claims against multiple defendants and, in most cases, the damages alleged are not attributed to individual defendants. Additionally, we do not believe that the amounts claimed in any of the asbestos cases are meaningful indicators of our potential exposure because the amounts claimed typically bear no relation to the extent of the plaintiff's injury, if any. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

NOTE 13 - 
 
 million. 
 
 Finance lease assets Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Current portion of long-term debt and short-term debt Noncurrent Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Lease Expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020 

62 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense Other lease expense (1) 
 Total lease expense (1) - Other lease expense includes variable lease costs and short-term lease costs. 
 
 Cash Flow Information for 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 Amounts included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: Operating cash outflows for operating leases ) ) ) Operating cash outflows for finance leases ) ) ) Financing cash inflows (outflows) for finance leases ) 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: amount of lease payments representing interest ) ) Total present value of future lease payments 
 
 Certain of the Company s leases are with related parties at an annual rental expense of approximately million. Transactions with related parties are not material to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 14 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) Benefits and expenses paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Company contributions Cash transfer to fund postretirement benefit payments ) Benefits and expenses paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded (underfunded) status of the plans ) ) 
 
 Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss Net actuarial loss Net prior service cost Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 - 
 Debt securities - 
 Other - 

64 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Equity securities Foreign stock U.S. Government obligations Fixed income securities Corporate bonds Cash and cash equivalents Total Investments measured at net asset value: Common collective trusts Hedge funds Postretirement benefit assets ) ) Total assets at fair value 
 
 Valuation Methodologies: Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for pension plan assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Common stock, equity securities and foreign stock - These securities consist of direct investments in the stock of publicly-traded companies. Such investments are valued based on the closing price reported in an active market on which the individual securities are traded. As such, the direct investments are classified as Level 1. 
 
 U.S. Government obligations, fixed income securities and corporate bonds - Valued at the closing price of each security. 
 
 Cash equivalents - Consists of primarily money market funds and certificates of deposit, for which book value equals fair value. 
 
 Common collective trusts - Valued at the net unit value of units held by the trust at year end. The unit value is determined by the total value of fund assets divided by the total number of units of the fund owned. The equity investments in collective trusts are predominantly in index funds for which the underlying securities are actively traded in public markets based upon readily measurable prices. Common collective trusts are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 
 Hedge funds - Consists of direct investments in hedge funds through limited partnership interests. Net asset values are based on the estimated fair value of the ownership interest in the investment as determined by the general partner. The majority of the holdings of the hedge funds are in equity securities traded on public exchanges. The investment terms of the hedge funds allow capital to be redeemed quarterly given prior notice with certain limitations. Hedge funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 
 For additional information regarding fair value measurements, see Note 1. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Health care cost trend rate N/A N/A N/A Ultimate health care cost trend rate N/A N/A N/A Year of ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A 2028 2028 2028 Assumptions used to determine expense Discount rate for benefit obligations Discount rate for service costs Discount rate for interest costs Expected return on plan assets N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Medical health care benefits rate increase N/A N/A N/A Medical drug benefits rate increase N/A N/A N/A Ultimate health care cost trend rate N/A N/A N/A Year of ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A 2028 2028 2028 
 
 In determining its expected return on plan assets assumption for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company considered historical experience, its asset allocation, expected future long-term rates of return for each major asset class, and an assumed long-term inflation rate. This assumption was supported by the asset return generation model, which projected future asset returns using simulation and asset class correlation. 
 
 Interest costs Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) Recognized net actuarial loss Benefit (income) costs ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss ("AOCI") AOCI at beginning of year Net (loss) gain arising during the year ) ) ) ) ) Recognition of prior service credit Recognition of actuarial (loss) gain ) ) ) Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 
 
 The Company expects to make no contributions to its defined benefit plans in 2023 and beyond, as pension benefits are expected to be paid out of plan assets and postretirement benefits are paid directly by the Company. 
 
 In January 2008, a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP for the Former CEO was approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The SERP provides an annual supplemental retirement benefit of up to million upon the Former CEO s termination of employment with the Company. The Former CEO is fully vested in the SERP, which has a balance of million as of December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 15 ) ) Currency translation Pension and OPEB activity, net of tax Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Pension and OPEB activity, net of tax Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) Pension and OPEB activity, net of tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 income taxes are provided on currency translation as foreign earnings are considered permanently re-invested. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 Supplementary Financial Data 
 
 ) (A) Inventory reserves ) (B) Tax valuation allowances Year Ended December 31, 2021: Allowances deducted from assets: Trade receivable allowances ) (A) Inventory reserves ) (B) Tax valuation allowances ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Allowances deducted from assets: Trade receivable allowances ) (A) Inventory reserves ) (B) Tax valuation allowances 
 Note (A)- Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
 Note (B)- Amounts written off. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Based upon this evaluation, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As required by Rule 13a-15(c) under the Exchange Act, management carried out an evaluation, with participation of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework on which such evaluation was based is contained in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO Report ). Management's assessment and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Charter or Southern Fasteners, which collectively constituted approximately 2 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 1 of total revenues for the year then ended. Based upon the evaluation described above under the framework contained in the COSO Report, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this item has been omitted pursuant to general Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this item has been omitted pursuant to general Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information required by this item has been omitted pursuant to general Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information required by this item has been omitted pursuant to general Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services [OPEN] 
 
 The following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Ernst Young LLP to the Company and its parent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Audit Fees 2,025,000 1,714,600 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees 383,750 51,500 All Other Fees 5,000 5,000 Total 2,413,750 1,771,100 
 
 Audit fees included fees associated with the annual audit; the reviews of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; the audit of management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to Park-Ohio Holdings Corp.; and audit services and consultations in connection with business combinations, the adoption of new accounting pronouncements and TCJA. Tax fees included fees in connection with tax compliance and tax planning services. 
 
 All of the services were pre-approved by Holdings Audit Committee in accordance with Holdings formal policy on auditor independence. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) (1) The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 42 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules The following consolidated financial statement schedule of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. is included in Item 8: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 68 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 333-43005 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 3.2 Code of Regulations of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 333-43005 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 4.1 Indenture, dated April 17, 2017, among Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (including Form of Note)(filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on April 17, 2017,SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 
 4.2 Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 17, 2017, among Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 8-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on April 17, 2017, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 

71 

Table of Contents 

 4.3 Amendment No. 1 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 25, 2018, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on August 9, 2018, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 5, 2018, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on August 3, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.5 Amendment No. 3 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated February 19, 2019, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on May 10, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.6 Amendment No. 4 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 26, 2019, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on May 10, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.7 Amendment No. 5 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on May 10, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.8 Amendment No. 6 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on March 16, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof). 
 4.9 Amendment No. 7 to the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 2, 2022, Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., RB W Corporation of Canada, the European Borrowers (as defined therein) party thereto, the other Loan Parties (as defined therein), the Lenders (as defined therein), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Toronto Branch, as Canadian agent, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as European agent and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as sole lead arranger and bookrunning manager (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed on August 3, 2022, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof). 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. and each of its directors and certain officers (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 1998, SEC File No. 333-43005 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 10.2 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-8 of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp., filed on June 4, 2015, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 10.3 2018 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form S-8 of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp., filed on June 27, 2018, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.4 Form of Restricted Share Agreement between the Company and each non-employee director (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp., filed on January 25, 2005, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Share Agreement for Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. for the quarter ended September 30, 2006, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.6 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2004, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.7 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2004, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.8 Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. Annual Cash Bonus Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q for Park-Ohio Holdings Corp, filed August 10, 2015, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.9 Form of Performance Based Restricted Share Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed August 10, 2015, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.10 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Edward F. Crawford, effective as of March 10, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2007, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.11 Non-qualified Defined Contribution Retirement Benefit Letter Agreement for Edward F. Crawford, dated March 10, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2007, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 10.12 2009 Director Supplemental Defined Contribution Plan of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (Filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. filed May 10, 2011, SEC File No. 000-03134 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 22.1 Schedule of the obligated group, including the issuer and the subsidiary guarantors that have guaranteed our obligations under the 6.625 Senior Notes due 2027 issued by Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 22.1 to Form 10-Q of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. filed November 10, 2020, SEC File No. 333-43005 and incorporated by reference and made a part hereof) 
 24.1 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Principal Executive Officer s Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Principal Financial Officer s Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification requirement under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Reflects management contract or other compensatory arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(c) of this Report. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PARK-OHIO INDUSTRIES, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Patrick W. Fogarty Name: Patrick W. Fogarty Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Matthew V. Crawford Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 23, 2022 Patrick W. Fogarty Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Patrick V. Auletta Director Edward F. Crawford Director John D. Grampa Director Howard W. Hanna IV Director Dan T. Moore, III Director Ronna Romney Director Steven H. Rosen Director James W. Wert Director 
 
 The undersigned, pursuant to a Power of Attorney executed by each of the directors and officers identified above and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign and execute this report on behalf of each of the persons noted above, in the capacities indicated. 
 
 March 23, 2022 By: /s/ Robert D. Vilsack Robert D. Vilsack, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Corporate Secretary 
 
 75 

<EX-24.1>
 2
 pkohi20221231-ex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 PARK-OHIO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each of the undersigned officers and directors of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Patrick W. Fogarty and Robert D. Vilsack, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney or attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution and revocation, for each of the undersigned and in the name, place and stead of each of the undersigned, to sign on behalf of each of the undersigned an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and to sign any and all amendments to such Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith including, without limitation, a Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting to said attorney or attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do so and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney or attorneys-in-fact or any of them or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 This power of attorney may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original with respect to the person executing it. 
 
 EXECUTED as of March 9, 2023. s Matthew V. Crawford s Patrick W. Fogarty Matthew V. Crawford Patrick W. Fogarty, Vice President and Chief Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President Financial Officer s Patrick V. Auletta s Dan T. Moore, III Patrick V. Auletta, Director Dan T. Moore, III, Director s Edward F. Crawford s Ronna Romney Edward F. Crawford, Director Ronna Romney, Director s John D Grampa s Steven H. Rosen John D. Grampa, Director Steven H. Rosen, Director s Howard W. Hanna, IV s James W. Wert Howard W. Hanna, IV Director James W. Wert, Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 pkohi20221231-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER S CERTIFICATIONS 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew V. Crawford, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Matthew V. Crawford Name Matthew V. Crawford Title Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Dated March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 pkohi20221231-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER S CERTIFICATIONS 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Patrick W. Fogarty, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Patrick W. Fogarty Name Patrick W. Fogarty Title Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated March 16, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 pkohi20221231-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 By s Matthew V. Crawford Name Matthew V. Crawford Title Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 By s Patrick W. Fogarty Name Patrick W. Fogarty Title Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated March 16, 2023 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 pkoh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 pkoh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 pkoh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 pkoh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 pkoh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

