<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1791325_0001096906-23-000384.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2370550</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169884</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>610968</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>497365</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>443070</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>610788</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000384.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214162530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000384
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freedom Internet Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001791325
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				660910894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56149
		FILM NUMBER:		23629951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		151 CALLE SAN FRANCISCO
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-422-4200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		151 CALLE SAN FRANCISCO
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000384.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 figi-20221031.htm
 FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

Freedom Internet Group Inc. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 identification number) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

- 
 (Registrant s telephone number , including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class registered 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Common Stock, Par Value 0.01 
 (Title of class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of April 30, 2022 (1,901,808 shares at 2.05 per share). 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, .01 par value. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 Business . 
 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 18 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 19 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 25 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 26 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 26 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 31 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 32 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 33 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 33 
 
 Signatures 
 
 34 

1 
 
 PART I 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, we believe, we intend, may, should, will, could and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Examples of forward-looking statements include: 
 
 the timing of the development of future products; 
 projections of costs, revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items; 
 statements of our plans and objectives; 
 statements regarding the capabilities of our business operations; 
 statements of expected future economic performance; 
 statements regarding competition in our market; and 
 assumptions underlying statements regarding us or our business. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 
 Our ability to generate enough revenue to sustain a level of profitability in the future. 
 Our ability to effectively manage growth. 
 Our ability to negotiate favorable royalty interests. 
 Economic and financial conditions. 
 The impact of availability of bank financing and market interest rates. 
 The competitiveness of royalty agreements compared to alternative forms of financing. 
 Our ability to collect the correct amount of royalty payments on time. 
 Security breaches, cybersecurity attacks and other significant disruptions in our information technology systems; 
 Developments and changes in laws and regulations, including increased regulation of our industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards; 
 The occurrence of hostilities, political instability or catastrophic events; 
 The novel coronavirus COVID-19 and its potential impact on our business; and 
 Natural events such as severe weather, fires, floods and earthquakes or man-made or other disruptions of our operating systems, structures or equipment. 
 
 The ultimate accuracy of these forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. We discuss our known material risks under Item 1.A Risk Factors. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Business Summary 
 
 We are engaged in the business of acquiring, holding and managing royalty interests derived from Internet based businesses, referred to as operators. We provide management consulting services to the operators over the life of the agreement. Royalty interests are non-operating agreements that provide us with contractual rights to a percentage of revenue produced from operators. The revenue generated by operators is typically from physical or digital product sales, subscriptions and advertising. 
 We were incorporated in Puerto Rico on November 15, 2018. Our address is 151 Calle San Francisco, Suite 200, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00901 and our telephone number is 855-422-4200. Our website is www.FIGIRoyalty.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this Annual Report. 
 Principal Services 
 
 We are engaged in the business of acquiring, holding and managing royalty interests derived from Internet based businesses. Royalty interests are non-operating agreements that provide us with contractual rights to revenue produced from our operators. The revenue generated by our operators is typically from physical or digital product sales, subscriptions and advertising. 
 
 Our purchase of royalty interests enables entrepreneurs to raise non-dilutive capital and retain control of their businesses. When we enter into royalty interest agreements, our primary objectives are to provide management consulting services and generate revenue streams from our operators and increase our corporate cash flow. In some cases, we may also generate a premium on our original purchase price if a royalty interest is redeemed by an operator or third-party such as a buyer of an operator. We plan to acquire royalty interests that can generate a 15 to 30 internal rate of return, although there can be no guarantee that we will achieve this target. 
 
 Royalty interests are purchased for a fixed amount in exchange for pre-determined royalty payments. Depending on the unique agreement, (i) royalty payments can be made monthly, quarterly or annually, (ii) royalty payments can be made in perpetuity or for a limited amount of time, (iii) royalty payment calculations can change during the term of the royalty interest agreement based on certain performance metrics or time and (iv) royalty payments can be calculated off gross revenue of our operators, or off net-revenue, which accounts for certain defined adjustments to gross revenue, or off unit sales. Although we presently do not have a plan in place to do so, we may issue shares of our Company common stock to operators, in addition to the payment of cash, in exchange for royalty payments from the operator. 
 
 We typically negotiate royalty interests directly from operators, but we may also acquire existing royalty interests from third parties. A key element of our business model is the building of a diversified portfolio of high-quality royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 
 We currently, and generally at any time, have royalty interest acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review. At this time, we cannot provide assurance that any of the possible transactions under review by us will be concluded successfully. 
 
 In addition to offering royalties, we also seek strategic investments in businesses that offer similar products and services that are complementary to our core offering of royalty interests or serve the same customer base we serve. On July 15, 2022 we made such an investment in Financier LB Group Financier ). Offering financing to our target audience, they have been able to amass deal flow and a relationship with thousands of small businesses in need of financing. Our investment encourages a symbiotic relationship wherein clients are referred between the entities. This strategic investment not only provides deal flow but allows us to monetize previously dead leads. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to our Company, we, our or us and other similar terms means Freedom Internet Group Inc. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 We look for businesses operated by managers, referred to as operators, and acquire an interest so that we can participate in the revenue generated by paying up front for the royalty interest and providing management consulting services. 
 
 We use a series of quantitative, qualitative, financial, and legal criteria by which we evaluate the potential acquisition of royalty interests. We plan to acquire assets with an income focus, and our target is to acquire assets generating uncorrelated income 
 3 
 
 of 15 to 30 internal rate of return, although there can be no guarantee that we will achieve this target. Among the factors considered are: (1) the business track record of revenue and earnings; (2) the type of business that generates royalties; (3) the experience and skill of the active management team of the business; (4) our assessment of the longevity and staying power of the underlying business; and (5) the potential for revenue growth and capital appreciation. 
 
 We have established our business model based on the premise that acquiring non-operating royalty interests in businesses that can produce above average returns. The key elements of our business model and growth strategy are as follows: 
 
 1. Focus on non-operating royalty interests in high-quality Internet based businesses. 
 2. Negotiate new royalty interest agreements with operators. 
 3. Acquire pre-existing royalty interests from third parties. 
 4. Partner with experienced managers that have a proven track record. 
 5. Provide flexible royalty interest acquisition terms that work for operators and us. 
 6. Seek strategic investments in businesses that deal flow for our core offering of royalty interests. 

Customers 
 
 We primarily intend to negotiate royalty interests from Internet based businesses, but we may also acquire existing royalty interests from third parties. A key element of our business model is the building of a diversified portfolio of high-quality royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 
 We currently, and generally at any time, have royalty interest acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review. At this time, we cannot provide assurance that any of the possible transactions under review by us will be concluded successfully. 
 
 Our current royalty interests are comprised of the following: 
 
 Wiz Motions, LLC 
 
 On October 10, 2019, we acquired a royalty interest from Wiz Motions, LLC Wiz a limited liability company formed in the State of Wyoming. Wiz provides their clients with custom video animation explainer videos. We purchased a royalty interest from Wiz for 300,000 which provides us with a perpetual 10 of all future gross sales generated by Wiz through www.WizMotions.com and all other sources. 
 
 Growth Stack, Inc. 
 
 On November 22, 2019, we acquired a royalty interest from Growth Stack, Inc., Growth Stack a corporation formed in the State of Nevada. Growth Stack provides their clients with various Internet applications, website tools and information services. We purchased a royalty interest from Growth Stack for 250,000, which provides us with a percentage of all future Net Sales (defined below) as follows: 5 of the first 100,000 of net sales per month, and 3 of the next 100,000 of net sales per month. We will also receive 1 of the net sales in excess of 200,000 per month, until we receive a total of 500,000 in aggregate royalty payments from Growth Stack. We are also entitled to a payment of between 500,000 and 1 million in the event (i) Growth Stack elects to buy-out the royalty interest or (ii) Growth Stack undergoes a change of control. In addition, the Company has the right of first refusal to acquire Growth Stack assets in the event the operator decides to sell, and we have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal stockholder of Growth Stack. Royalty payments will be due monthly. 
 
 Artist Holdings, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from Artist Holdings, LLC, Artist Holdings ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Arizona. Artist Holdings provides their clients tools and tutorials on creating their art and platforms to buy art pieces from artists. The Company purchased a royalty interest from Artist Holdings for 50,000, which provides us with a perpetual 12.5 of all future net sales generated by Artist Holdings through its websites, training programs, and art brokerage. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of Artist Holdings. 
 
 RhymeMakers, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from RhymeMakers, LLC, RhymeMakers ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Wyoming. RhymeMakers provides their clients tools and tutorials on how to rap. We purchased 
 4 
 
 a royalty interest from RhymeMakers for 75,000, which provides us with a perpetual 15 of all net sales generated by RhymeMakers through the website www.rhymemakers.com, thinkific, YouTube and all other sources. Royalty payments are due quarterly. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of RhymeMakers. 
 
 Strategic Investment 
 In addition to offering royalties, we also seek strategic investments in businesses that offer similar products and services that are complementary to our core offering of royalty interests or serve the same customer base we serve. On July 15, 2022, we made such an investment in Financier. Offering financing to our target audience, they have been able to amass deal flow and a relationship with thousands of small businesses in need of financing. Our investment encourages a symbiotic relationship wherein clients are referred between the entities. This strategic investment not only provides deal flow but allows us to monetize previously dead leads. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 We presently identify prospective royalty opportunities through personal relationships of our CEO Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. In the future, we plan to pay for online advertisements and may enter into third-party marketing agreements to expand our reach. At present, there is no direct correlation between revenues and marketing expenses. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for our services is competitive and rapidly changing, and the barriers to entry are relatively low. We experience competition from large established businesses possessing large, existing customer bases, substantial financial resources and established distribution channels. We expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase sales, limit customer attrition and maintain our prices. Competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business and our operating results could be harmed. Our principal competitors include any entity or individual providing businesses with capital and/or management consulting services, including but not limited to investment banking firms, investment funds, financial institutions, government agencies and private individuals. 
 Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products. Our current and potential competitors may have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have. If we are unable to compete with such companies, the demand for our products could substantially decline. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We do not own any patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises or concessions aside from the FIGIroyalty.com domain name. 
 
 Regulation of our Business 
 
 We are subject to common business, tax and regulations pertaining to the operation of our business. We believe that compliance of governmental regulations will be additional responsibilities of our management. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We have no full-time employees. We have three part-time employees comprised of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. We also retain various part-time consultants in the United States. 
 
 Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico. We rent our corporate headquarters for 75 per month, on a month-to-month basis. We believe that additional space may be required as our business expands and believe that we can obtain suitable space as needed. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are and we will remain an emerging growth company as defined under The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed 1.07 
 5 
 
 billion, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated filer (with at least 700 million in public float) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 As an emerging growth company , we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 
 
 only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis disclosure; 
 reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 
 no requirement that we hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; and 
 exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 We have taken advantage of some of these reduced burdens, and thus the information we provide you may be different from what you might receive from other public companies in which you hold securities. 
 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and that had a public float of less than 250 million or annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting company, at such time as we cease being an emerging growth company, the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase, but it will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. Specifically, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Because we have a limited operating history, you may not be able to accurately evaluate our operations. 
 
 We have had limited operations to date. Therefore, we have a limited history upon which to evaluate the merits of investing in our company. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the operations that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to the ability to generate sufficient cash flow to operate our business, and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. We anticipate incurring significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if the effectiveness of our business plan is not forthcoming, we will not be able to continue business operations. There is a limited history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. 
 
 We have experienced operating losses in the past and we may not generate sufficient funds to sustain a level of profitability in the future. 
 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses and experienced negative operating cash flow. We incurred a net loss from operations of 409,160 and 331,135 for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant operating losses through at least 2023. Additionally, we expect to continue to make significant operating and capital expenditures in 2023 and beyond in connection with our growth and expansion plans. As a result, we will likely require additional debt or equity financing to sustain our operations and subsequently generate significant additional revenue to achieve profitability, and we cannot assure you that either of these things will ever occur. 
 6 

Our profitability is tied to the strength of the companies from whom we purchase royalty interests, which are subject to a number of general business and macroeconomic conditions beyond our control. 
 
 Our profitability is closely related to the strength of companies from whom we purchase royalty interests, which can be cyclical in nature and affected by changes in national, state and local economic conditions which are beyond our control. Macroeconomic conditions that could adversely impact the growth of our business and those we have royalty interests with include, but are not limited to, economic slowdown or recession, increased unemployment, increased energy costs, reductions in the availability of credit or higher interest rates, increased costs of conducting business, inflation, disruptions in capital markets, declines in the stock market, adverse tax policies or changes in other regulations, lower consumer confidence, lower wage and salary levels, war or terrorist attacks, natural disasters or adverse weather events, or the public perception that any of these events may occur. Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, in the United States or other markets we enter and operate within could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our services, or the services of the companies with whom we have royalty stream agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. 
 
 We may not receive the cash amounts that we expect, or any at all, from any royalty interest and we may never generate sufficient income to become profitable. 
 
 Our ability to generate income from royalty interests and become profitable will depend, among other things, upon our ability to successfully evaluate, target and access royalty interests that have the potential to generate significant royalty payments, acquire an interest in the royalty interests for an appropriate purchase price, and enforce the contracts for royalty interests and collect our payments with respect to these royalty interests. Even if we are able to successfully do these and other things that are within our control, there are numerous other factors, some of which are not within our control, that could impact our ability to generate income or cash flows or be profitable, including those discussed in these risk factors. 
 
 In addition, there are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the royalty interests, including that the success of the royalty interests will depend upon the contributions, success and longevity of each operator. We are unable to predict the timing or amount of future cash receipts, or when or whether we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we acquire and manage royalty interests as described above, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with our efforts to achieve or maintain profitability. Further, we may not receive the cash amounts that we expect, or any at all, from any of our current or future royalty interests. 
 
 Our business strategy depends in large part on our ability to acquire a number of royalty interests by entering into additional contracts to purchase royalty interests. We may not be able to enter into additional contracts in the future, or enter into the number of additional contracts that we anticipate would be necessary to support our business model. 
 
 Our strategy of acquiring, holding and managing royalty interests depends in large part on our ability to benefit from economies of scale. Accordingly, we are actively pursuing additional contracts to purchase royalty interests that we intend to enter into in the future. However, we have presently have no commitments to enter into any contract to purchase royalty interests. 
 
 We do not know if future potential operators will agree to enter into additional contracts to sell royalty interests and we may not be able to attract sufficient additional contracts. For example, future potential operators may not view the contract to sell royalty interests as an attractive value proposition to them due to any number of factors, including differing expectations of an appropriate purchase price, which may be based on any number of factors, such as: 
 
 we and future potential operators may not agree on the assumptions and estimates used to determine the estimated future earnings of potential royalty interests; 
 
 potential future operators may not want to incur legal, tax and other burdens associated with entering into a contract, including, for example, ongoing information and disclosure requirements; 
 
 the potential impact of possible disclosure of the terms of material contracts, and the impact that these disclosure obligations may have on the ability of a contract party to enter into additional deals; 
 
 any negative perception by the media or others of our business model; 
 
 any negative perception by the media or others of any of our current contract parties or other future operators, as a result of their decision to sell royalty interests to us, or otherwise; and 
 7 

the performance of royalty interests that we may enter into in the future, and/or the performance of our common stock, which may be worse than anticipated. 
 
 As a result, we may be forced to revise our business model to attract additional royalty interests. 
 
 We are entirely dependent on the revenue stream from four (4) royalty interests and if we are unable to build a portfolio of royalty interests, or if we do not retain our existing royalty interests, the lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results. 
 
 To date, we have acquired just six (6) royalty interests, one of which has been impaired and one of which is no longer in business. We may not be able to purchase additional royalty interests in a timely manner or at all. Since we only have four (4) royalty interests, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous additional risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon our business. 
 
 It is difficult to estimate with precision the projected future royalty payments under any royalty interest because such estimation is necessarily based on future events that may or may not occur and that could change based on a number of factors that are hard to control. As a result, it is difficult to predict an accurate return on investment or rate of return for an investment in our common stock. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty in predicting the future, it is difficult to estimate with precision the projected future royalty payments associated with royalty interests. These estimations are based on future events that may or may not occur. Additionally, future events change based on a number of factors that are difficult or impossible to control. As a result, it is difficult to predict an accurate return on investment or rate of return of any royalty interest, and our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted if we receive less revenue from royalty interests than estimated. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by competitive market conditions and we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 
 
 We expect to increase revenue and cash flow over time through a business strategy which requires us, among other things, to purchase additional royalty interests. We face competition in the acquisition of royalty interests from royalty holders and may not be successful in acquiring royalty interests. Even if we are successful in acquiring additional royalty interests, competition may compel us to purchase such royalty interests at prices that are higher than would otherwise be the case. 
 
 Expanding on our portfolio of royalty interests will require sustained management focus, organization and coordination over significant periods of time. This will also require success in building relationships with third parties and in anticipating and keeping up with technological developments and consumer preferences. The results of our strategy and the success of our implementation of this strategy will not be known for some time in the future. If we are unable to implement our strategy successfully or properly react to changes in market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 The valuation of the royalty interests and expected royalty payments requires us to make estimates and material assumptions that may ultimately prove to be incorrect. In such an event, we could suffer significant losses that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our principal assets consist of royalty interests. Royalty interests are considered Level 3 assets under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, as there is currently no active market where we are able to observe quoted prices for identical assets. As a result, our policy is to value royalty interests at our cost less accumulated amortization, and review for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 
 Our Company makes investments in cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies held are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, which is measured using the quoted price of the cryptocurrency at the time its fair value is being measured. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment 
 8 
 
 loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. Following the period ended October 31, 2022 and prior to the date the Financial Statements are issued, volatility in the cryptocurrency market has had an adverse effect on the fair value of cryptocurrency assets held by our Company. 
 
 We may expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies or through business relationships, all of which may divert our management s attention, resulting in additional dilution to our stockholders and consumption of resources that are necessary to sustain our business. 
 
 On July 15, 2022, we made a strategic investment in Financier, and we may acquire other competing or complementary services, technologies or businesses. Our investment in Financier, and any other future investment or acquisition or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. We may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the acquired businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us and we may have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership. Acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any investment, acquisition or business relationship would be realized or that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities, nor can we assure you that we will be able to complete any such transactions on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 Our strategic investment in Financier could harm our financial condition. 
 
 On July 15, 2022, we acquired 12.5 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Financier. Although we believe this acquisition will bring further strategic relationships and royalty interests for our Company, in the long run, this acquisition has reduced our cash position. To the extent this acquisition does not provide us with an adequate return on investment, our financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 If we are unable to negotiate and purchase royalty interests on a cost-effective basis, our business and results of operations will be affected adversely. 
 
 To succeed, we must negotiate acceptable agreements to purchase royalty interests on a cost-effective basis, many of whom have not previously entered into royalty stream agreements like ours. We will rely on a variety of methods to attract new customers, such as paying providers of online services, search engines, directories and other websites to provide content, advertising banners and other links that direct customers to our website, direct sales and partner sales. If we are unable to use any of our current marketing initiatives or the cost of such initiatives were to significantly increase or such initiatives or our efforts to satisfy our existing customers are not successful, we may not be able to attract new customers or retain customers on a cost-effective basis and, as a result, our revenue and results of operations would be affected adversely. 
 
 If we fail to develop our brand cost-effectively, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to provide reliable and useful services at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough new operators to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 The market in which we participate is competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 
 The market for our services is competitive and rapidly changing, and the barriers to entry are relatively low. We experience competition from large established businesses possessing large, existing customer bases, substantial financial resources and established distribution channels. We expect competition to persist and intensify in the future. Competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins or the failure of our services to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business and our operating results could be harmed. Our principal competitors include any entity or individual providing businesses with capital and/or management consulting services, including but not limited to investment banking firms, investment funds, financial institutions, government agencies and private individuals. 
 
 Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their offerings. Our current and 
 9 
 
 potential competitors may have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have. If we are unable to compete with such companies, the demand for our offering could substantially decline. 
 
 We will incur significant costs complying with our obligations as a reporting issuer, which will decrease our profitability. 
 
 We file periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including financial statements and disclosure regarding changes in our operations. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. We estimate that the costs for these services will exceed 125,000 per year. These fees will be higher if our business volume and activity increases. These fee obligations will reduce our resources to fund our operations and may prevent us from meeting our normal business obligations. Compliance costs will be charged to operations and will negatively impact our profitability. 
 
 We may need additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, and may dilute your ownership of our securities. 
 
 We have historically relied on outside financing and cash from operations to fund our operations, capital expenditures and expansion. We may require additional capital from equity or debt financing in the future to fund our operations and purchase royalty interests. 
 
 We may not be able to secure timely additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. The terms of any additional financing may place limits on our financial and operating flexibility. If we raise additional funds through issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership of our Company, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the securities we are offering herein. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. 
 
 Our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act may make it more difficult to raise capital as and when we need it. 
 
 Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an emerging growth company and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the U.S. COVID-19 is having an unprecedented impact on the U.S economy as federal, state, and local governments react to this public health crisis. 
 
 The impacts of the current COVID-19 pandemic are broad reaching and has impacted the Company s licensing royalty interests. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, there is significant uncertainty surrounding the potential impact on the Company s future results of operations and cash flows and its ability to raise capital. While we believe we are well positioned in the marketplace to navigate difficult market conditions in times of economic uncertainty, we believe continued impacts of the pandemic could materially adversely affect our Company s near-term and long-term revenues, earnings, liquidity, and cash flows as the Company s customers and /or licensees may request temporary relief, delay or not make scheduled payments on their royalty commitments. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Operators 
 
 Operators do not owe any fiduciary duties to us or our stockholders, and they have no obligation to enhance the value of the royalty interests or disclose information to our stockholders. 
 
 Although operators will be contractually obligated to disclose all material facts to us, we cannot guarantee that the operators will comply with such disclosure requirements or that we can independently verify or uncover material events. In addition, operators have no obligation to enhance the value of the royalty interests. For example, the entrepreneur(s) managing an operator may determine 
 10 
 
 to retire which may have the effect of decreasing future royalty payments on the royalty interests. Furthermore, the operators do not owe any fiduciary duties to us or our stockholders. Our stockholders will have no recourse directly against operators under state or federal laws. 
 
 We will own royalty interests, and it will be difficult or impossible for us to ensure the businesses are operated in our best interest. We will not have the ability to direct the operations of the assets we have a royalty interest in. 
 
 All our future revenue will be derived from royalty interests on assets operated or managed by third parties. We will have limited or no authority regarding the promotion, exploitation, or enforcement of the underlying business. Our strategy of having a royalty interest puts us generally at risk to the decisions of others regarding operating decisions. Although we will attempt to secure contractual rights that will permit us to protect our interests to a degree, there can be no assurance that such rights will always be available or sufficient. 
 
 Operators may refuse or fail to make payments to us under royalty agreements. 
 
 Our cash flows depend on operators making royalty payments to us. An operator may dispute amounts to which we believe we are entitled or may be unwilling or unable to make payments to which we are entitled, including for reasons discussed elsewhere in these risk factors. In either event, we may become involved in a dispute with an operator regarding the payment of such amounts, including possible litigation. Disputes of this nature could harm the relationship between us and operators and could be costly and time-consuming for us to pursue. Failure of operators to make royalty payments to us for any reason would adversely affect our business and, in particular, the value of our common stock. 
 
 In addition, if an operator who may be obligated to make payments to us were to become the subject of a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or a similar proceeding or arrangement under another state, federal or foreign law, our rights and interests under royalty interests or otherwise may be prejudiced or impaired, perhaps significantly so. In such circumstances, we may be precluded, stayed or otherwise limited in enforcing some or all of our rights under royalty interests or otherwise and realizing the economic and other benefits contemplated therein. 
 
 Royalty payments may decrease due to factors outside our control, including operational decisions and other risks faced by operators. 
 
 Our ability to receive royalty payments from royalty interests depends in part on the operational success of operators. Actions taken by operators may have the result of decreasing royalty payments. Our financial results are indirectly subject to hazards and risks normally associated with the continued success of business in general. 
 
 Our stockholders must rely on us to pursue remedies against operators in the event of any default. 
 
 There can be no assurances that an operator will have adequate resources, if any, to satisfy any obligations to us under a royalty agreement. Moreover, royalty payments are an obligation of an operator to us, not obligations to our stockholders. Our stockholders will have no recourse directly against operators and stockholders will need to rely on us to pursue remedies against operators in the event of any default. 
 
 Royalty interests do not restrict operators from incurring unsecured or secured debt, nor does it impose any other financial restrictions on operators. 
 
 If operators incur additional secured or unsecured debt after entering into an agreement with us, or if the operators incur excessive expenses, the operators may be impaired in their ability to make royalty payments to us under a royalty agreement. In addition, additional debt or expenses may adversely affect the operator s creditworthiness generally, and could result in the financial distress, insolvency, or bankruptcy of the operator. To the extent that an operator has or incurs other indebtedness and expenses and cannot pay all of their indebtedness or expenses, an operator may choose to make payments to other creditors rather than us. 
 
 To the extent an operator incurs other indebtedness that is secured, such as mortgage, accounts receivable financing or line of credit, the ability of secured creditors to exercise remedies against the assets of the operator may impair the operators ability to make payments to us under the royalty agreement. The operator may also choose to repay obligations under secured indebtedness before making required royalty payments on the royalty agreement. 
 11 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MANAGEMENT 
 
 If we fail to retain our key personnel, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and our business could suffer. 
 
 Our future depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive officers, each of whom would be difficult to replace. Alton Ace Chapman, Jr., our Chief Executive Officer, Noah Rosenfarb our Chief Financial Officer and Ronald Rosenfarb, our Chief Operating Officer, are critical to the management of our business and operations and the development of our strategic direction. The loss of the services of any of these executive officers or key personnel and the process to replace any of our key personnel would involve significant time and expense and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. Our anticipated growth could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to implement appropriate controls and procedures to manage our anticipated growth, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 
 
 Because our officers and directors engage in other business activities, they may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail. 
 
 Alton Ace Chapman, Jr., our Chief Executive Officer, Noah Rosenfarb our Chief Financial Officer and Ronald Rosenfarb, our Chief Operating Officer, currently devote approximately 40 hours per week (collectively) providing management services to us. While they presently possess adequate time to attend to our interests, it is possible that their demands from their other obligations could increase, with the result that they would no longer be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. The loss of any of our officers or directors could negatively impact our business development. 
 
 We are anticipating a period of rapid growth in our operations, which may place, to the extent that we are able to sustain such growth, a significant strain on our management and our administrative, operational and financial reporting infrastructure. 
 
 Our success will depend in part on the ability of our senior management to manage this expected growth effectively. To do so, we believe we will need to continue to hire, train and manage new employees or contractors as needed. If our new team members perform poorly, or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing and integrating these new team members, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees or contractors, our business may be harmed. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational and financial controls and update our reporting procedures and systems. The expected addition of new team members and the capital investments that we anticipate will be necessary to manage our anticipated growth will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. If we fail to successfully manage our anticipated growth, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 
 
 None of our officers and directors have any meaningful public company accounting or financial reporting education or experience, which increases the risk we may be unable to comply with all rules and regulations. 
 
 Our ability to meet our ongoing reporting requirements on a timely basis will be dependent to a significant degree on advisors and consultants. Our officers and directors have no meaningful public company accounting or financial reporting education or experience. As such, there is risk about our ability to comply with all financial reporting requirements accurately and on a timely basis. 
 
 We do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, stockholders may lose confidence in the accuracy or completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 We need to improve the design, implementation, and testing of the internal controls over financial reporting requirements. If we are unable to remedy material weaknesses or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting when required, stockholders may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of the common stock could be negatively affected. We also could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange if we are ever listed on an exchange, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 
 In connection with management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, we identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022: We lack full time personnel in accounting and financial staff to sufficiently monitor and process financial transactions in an efficient and timely manner. Our history of losses has severely limited our budget to hire and train enough accounting and financial personnel needed to adequately provide this function. 
 12 
 
 Consequently, we lacked sufficient technical expertise, reporting standards and written policies and procedures along with a lack of a formal review process which includes multiple layers of review. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 We do not have a compensation or an audit committee, so stockholders will have to rely on our directors to perform these functions. 
 
 We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. These functions are performed by the members of our board of directors. Until we have an audit committee, there may be less oversight of management decisions and activities and little ability for minority stockholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority stockholders. 
 
 Our officers and directors own a controlling interest in our voting stock and stockholders will not have any voice in our management, which could result in decisions adverse to our general stockholders . 
 
 Our officers and directors, in the aggregate, have the right to vote more than 82 of our outstanding common shares. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will have the ability to control substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval including election of our board of directors; removal of any of our directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation or by-laws; and adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us. 
 
 As a result of their ownership and positions, our officers and directors collectively can influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. The interests of our officers may differ from the interests of the other stockholders, and they may influence decisions with which the other stockholders may not agree. Such decisions may be detrimental to our business plan and/or operations and they may cause the business to fail in which case you may lose your entire investment. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR SYSTEMS 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. 
 
 We face growing risks and costs related to cybersecurity threats to our data and customer, employee and operator data, including but not limited to: 
 
 the failure or significant disruption of our operations from various causes, including human error, computer malware, ransomware, insecure software, zero-day threats, or other events related to our critical information technologies and systems 
 the increasing level and sophistication of cybersecurity attacks, including distributed denial of service attacks, data theft, fraud or malicious acts on the part of trusted insiders, social engineering, or other unlawful tactics aimed at compromising the systems and data of our officers, employees, operators and their customers (including via systems not directly controlled by us, such as those maintained by joint venture partners and third-party service providers) 
 the reputational and financial risks associated with a loss of data or material data breach (including unauthorized access to our proprietary business information or personal information of our officers, employees, operators and their customers), the transmission of computer malware. 
 
 Global cybersecurity threats can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems via viruses, worms, and other malicious software, to phishing to advanced and targeted hacking launched by individuals or organizations. These attacks may be directed at the Company, its employees, operators, third-party service providers, joint venture partners and others. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and our third-party service providers store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property and that of our clients as well as personally identifiable information, sensitive financial information and other confidential information of our employees, customers and the customers of our operators. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data processing, storage providers, and critical infrastructure services, including cloud solution providers. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations and with respect to information collected and stored by our third-party service providers, we are reliant upon their security procedures. A breach or attack affecting one of our third-party service providers or partners could harm our business even if we do not control the service that is attacked. 
 13 

In addition, the increasing prevalence and the evolution of cyber-attacks and other efforts to breach or disrupt our systems or those of our employees, customers, third-party service providers, joint venture partners, and/or operators and their customers, has led, and will likely continue to lead, to increased costs to us with respect to preventing, investigating, mitigating and remediating these risks, as well as any related attempted or actual fraud. 
 
 Our facilities and systems are vulnerable to natural disasters and other unexpected events and any of these events could result in an interruption of our ability to execute our business operations. 
 
 We will depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operations of our third-party data centers and hardware systems. The data centers and hardware systems are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. If any of these events results in damage to third-party data centers or systems, we may be unable to provide our clients with our service until the damage is repaired and may accordingly lose clients and revenues. In addition, subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may incur substantial costs in repairing any damage. 
 
 Any significant disruption in service on our website or in our computer systems, or in our customer support services, could reduce the attractiveness of our services and result in a loss of customers. 
 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our services are critical to our operations, level of customer service, reputation and ability to attract new customers and retain customers. Most of our computing hardware are co-located in third-party hosting facilities. None of the companies who host our systems guarantee that our customers access to our products will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure. Our operations depend on their ability to protect their and our systems in their facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, air quality, temperature, humidity and other environmental concerns, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, criminal acts and similar events. If our arrangements with third-party data centers are terminated, or there is a lapse of service or damage to their facilities, we could experience interruptions in our service as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities. Any interruptions or delays in access to our services, whether as a result of a third-party error, our own error, natural disasters or security breaches, whether accidental or willful, could harm our relationships with customers and our reputation. These factors could damage our brand and reputation, divert our employees attention, reduce our revenue, subject us to liability and cause customers to cancel their accounts, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We do not have a disaster recovery system, which could lead to service interruptions and result in a loss of customers. 
 
 We do not have any disaster recovery systems. In the event of a disaster in which our software or hardware are irreparably damaged or destroyed, we would experience interruptions in access to our services. Any or all these events could cause our customers to lose access to our services. 
 
 We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or that could cause errors or failures of our service, which could cause us to suffer a decline in revenues and profitability. 
 
 We rely on computer hardware purchased and software licensed from third parties in order to offer our services. This hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we lose the right to use any of this hardware or software or such hardware or software malfunctions, our customers could experience delays or be unable to access our services until we can obtain and integrate equivalent technology or repair the cause of the malfunctioning hardware or software. Any delays or failures associated with our services could upset our customers and harm our business. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 
 
 Because we can issue additional shares of common stock, our stockholders may experience dilution in the future. 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the date hereof, we have approximately 11,132,208 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Pursuant to our July 15, 2022 purchase and sale agreement with Financier, we are obligated to issue 95,000 in the form of the common stock of the Company to Financier which shall be restricted for 12 months, As of the date hereof, our Company has not issued the common stock to Financier and has recorded a 95,000 common stock payable. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock without the consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, you may experience more dilution in your ownership of our securities in the future. 
 14 

The exercise of options and warrants and other issuances of shares of common stock or securities convertible into common stock will dilute your interest. 
 
 The exercise of options and warrants at prices below the market price of our common stock could adversely affect the price of shares of our common stock. Additional dilution may result from the issuance of shares of our capital stock in connection with any collaboration (although none are contemplated at this time) or in connection with other financing efforts. 
 
 Any issuance of our common stock that is not made solely to then-existing stockholders proportionate to their interests, such as in the case of a stock dividend or stock split, will result in dilution to each stockholder by reducing his, her or its percentage ownership of the total outstanding shares. Moreover, if we issue options or warrants to purchase our common stock in the future and those options or warrants are exercised or we issue restricted stock, stockholders may experience further dilution. Holders of shares of our common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle them to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series. 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to existing security holders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation allows us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our common or preferred stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, including large blocks of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock or other preferred stockholders and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 
 
 Preferred stock could be used to dilute a potential hostile acquirer. Accordingly, any future issuance of preferred stock or any rights to purchase preferred shares may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. This may delay, defer or prevent a change of control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The issuance of preferred stock also could decrease the amount of earnings attributable to, and assets available for distribution to, the holders of our common stock and could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 We do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our securities, so you will not be able to receive a return on your investment unless you sell your shares. 
 
 We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our securities. Unless we pay dividends, our security holders will not be able to receive a return on their securities unless they sell them. 
 
 There is no active market for our common stock, which may make it more difficult for you to sell your stock ; purchasers of our stock may have difficulty selling their shares . 
 
 There is currently no active public trading market for our common stock and an active trading market in our common may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink) under the symbol FIGI. To date, however, no active public trading market has developed, so purchasers and/or holders of our securities may have difficulty selling their shares should they desire to do so. In the event an active market develops in our securities, it may not be sustained. As a result, you should purchase shares only as a long-term investment, and you must be prepared to hold your shares for an indefinite period. 
 
 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) sales practice requirements may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares. 
 
 FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares, depressing our share price. 
 15 
 
 State securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which, and conditions under which, you can sell shares of our common stock. 
 
 Secondary trading in our common stock is not be possible in any state in the U.S. unless and until the securities are qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our securities for secondary trading or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our securities in every state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the securities in any state, the securities could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. If a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our securities, the market for our securities could be adversely affected. 
 
 In the event an active trading market for our common stock develops, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 In the event an active trading market for our common stock develops, the market price for our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons, many of which are outside our control. Broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock is low. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to litigation, including class action lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OWNING CRYPTOCURRIENCIES 
 
 The Company made investments in cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 of 135,528 and 150,014. Such amounts are included in current assets at original cost, net of impairments in the accompanying balance sheets. As of October 31, 2022, the Company impaired the balance of 120,399, due to the fact that the broker that held the Company s investments froze the account. The holder of the assets is formalizing a plan of bankruptcy and has notified the Company that it will be March 2023, until each claim is analyzed by the bankruptcy court. 
 
 The prices of cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile. 
 
 Fluctuations in the price of cryptocurrencies could subject our cryptocurrency holdings to significant price volatility. The price of cryptocurrencies is affected by many factors beyond our control including global supply and demand, the expected future price, inflation expectations, interest rates, currency exchange rates, fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies at virtual token exchanges, interruptions in service or failures of such exchanges, investment and trading activities of large holders of cryptocurrencies, government monetary policies, regulatory measures that restrict the use of cryptocurrencies and global political, economic or financial events. In addition, a decrease in the price of one cryptocurrency may cause volatility in the entire cryptocurrency industry, including the cryptocurrencies we hold. For example, a security breach that affects investor or user confidence in Bitcoin may affect the industry as a whole and may also cause the price of other cryptocurrencies to fluctuate dramatically. 
 
 The regulatory regime governing cryptocurrencies is still developing, and regulatory changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in cryptocurrencies, which could significantly decrease our assets and the cash available to us to acquire additional royalty interests pursuant to our plan of business. 
 
 The regulation of cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency exchanges are currently under-developed and likely to rapidly evolve and vary significantly among U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions, and are subject to significant uncertainty. As cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies, with certain governments deeming them illegal while others have allowed their use and trade. Various legislative and executive bodies in the United States, and other countries, are, or are considering, enacting laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which could adversely impact the value of our cryptocurrency holdings. 
 
 The development and acceptance of transactions in cryptocurrencies are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 
 
 The use of cryptocurrencies to buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions is part of a new and rapidly evolving industry, and the continued growth of this industry and the use of cryptocurrencies is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of cryptocurrencies could have a material adverse effect on the value of the cryptocurrencies we hold and ultimately the cash available for us to acquire additional royalty interests pursuant to our plan of business, 
 16 
 
 and we cannot assure you this will not occur. Factors that could affect the expansion or contraction of the use of cryptocurrencies include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of cryptocurrencies; 
 Governmental and quasi-governmental regulation of cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of cryptocurrency systems; 
 The maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol on which many cryptocurrencies are dependent; 
 The availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 
 General economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to cryptocurrencies; and 
 Negative consumer sentiment and perception of cryptocurrencies in general. 
 
 We cannot predict with certainty any outcome regarding use of cryptocurrencies, and any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the future value of our cryptocurrency holdings. 
 
 Our cryptocurrency holdings may be subject to loss, damage, theft or restriction on access, which could decrease the value of our cryptocurrency holdings and significantly decrease our assets and the cash available to us to acquire additional royalty interests pursuant to our plan of business. 
 
 A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control the cryptocurrency holdings stored in our digital wallet(s). Accordingly, any loss of the requisite private keys will result in loss of our cryptocurrency holdings, and they likely would not be recoverable. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private keys, including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet service, could steal our cryptocurrency holdings. Any errors or malfunctions caused by or otherwise related to our digital wallet to receive and store cryptocurrencies, including failure to properly maintain or secure such digital wallet, may also result in our complete loss of our cryptocurrency holdings. If we lose access to our cryptocurrency holdings, we could suffer a complete loss of their value, which would significantly decrease our assets and the cash available to us to acquire additional royalty interests pursuant to our plan of business. 
 
 If part or all of our cryptocurrency holdings are lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to our Company, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for us might be the responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of our Company. Furthermore, we are not aware of any U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative, or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrencies. Consequently, we may be unable to replace missing cryptocurrencies or seek reimbursement for any erroneous transfer or theft of our cryptocurrency holdings. To the extent that we are unable to seek redress for such action, error or theft, such loss could decrease the value of our Company s assets. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies are subject to risks of uninsured losses. 
 
 Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, cryptocurrencies are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance to insure them, which we have not done, nor presently intend to do. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or private insurance arranged by our Company, to offer recourse to us. 
 
 Trading or holding cryptocurrencies could expose us to various cyber security risks. 
 
 Trading platforms and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to hacking or other malicious activity. As with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed to such negative activities. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those that disabled some functionality for users of cryptocurrency trading platforms and exposed such users personal information. Flaws in and exploitations of the source code allowing malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred, and our Company is not immune to such events. 
 
 The tax treatment of cryptocurrencies is uncertain, and developments in tax laws could impact the tax treatment of our cryptocurrency holdings. 
 
 The tax characterization of cryptocurrencies is uncertain and transactions involving digital currencies or tokens, are relatively new. It is possible that the Internal Revenue Service IRS may challenge our Company s intended treatment of our cryptocurrency holdings, and that the tax consequences of purchasing or holding cryptocurrencies could differ materially from those anticipated by our 
 17 
 
 Company. Federal or state legislation may be enacted, or guidance may be issued, by the IRS (or other governmental authorities), possibly with retroactive effect, impacting our tax obligations with respect to our cryptocurrency holdings. Future changes in the tax laws (or future administrative or judicial interpretations) could materially and negatively impact our tax treatment with respect to cryptocurrencies. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Properties 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico. We rent our corporate headquarters for 75 per month, on a month-to-month basis. We believe that additional space may be required as our business expands and believe that we can obtain suitable space as needed. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not aware of any litigation or threatened litigation of a material nature. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not Applicable 
 18 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets (OTC Pink) under the symbol FIGI. To date, however, no active public trading market has developed. A ny over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, we have a total of 11,132,208 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, held of record by approximately 59 stockholders. We do not have any shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 No cash dividends have been declared or paid on our common stock to date and we currently intend to use all available funds to fund the development and growth of our business. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders(1) 
 0 
 Not applicable 
 2,100,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 Not applicable 
 0 
 
 Total 
 0 
 Not applicable 
 2,100,000 

1. We have reserved 2,100,000 shares of our common stock for issuance under our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On July 15, 2022, our Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Financier whereby we acquired 12.5 of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Financier in exchange for: (a) shares of common stock of our Company, which shall be restricted for 12 months, valued at 95,000 and (b) 95,000 cash at closing in the form of an interest free loan to Financier with the first payment due 30 days following delivery of the Company common stock, payable in equal installments of 1,583 over sixty months. As of the date of this report, we have not issued the common stock to Financier. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The information in this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this Annual Report are forward looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, may, will, or should or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. See sections titled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of our management. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the U.S. COVID-19 is having an unprecedented impact on the U.S economy as federal, state, and local governments react to this public health crisis. 
 
 The impacts of the current COVID-19 pandemic are broad reaching and have impacted the Company s royalty interests. Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, there is significant uncertainty surrounding the potential impact on the Company s future results of operations and cash flows and its ability to raise capital. While we believe we are well positioned in the marketplace to navigate difficult market conditions in times of economic uncertainty, we believe continued impacts of the pandemic could materially adversely affect our Company s near-term and long-term revenues, earnings, liquidity, and cash flows as the Company s customers and /or licensees may request temporary relief, delay or not make scheduled payments on their royalty commitments. Additional continued impacts of the pandemic could have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to raise capital since the spread of COVID-19 has had, and continues to have, a negative impact on the financial markets. 
 
 Background Overview 
 
 We are engaged in the business of acquiring, holding and managing royalty interests derived from Internet based businesses. We provide management consulting services to the operators over the life of the agreement. Royalty interests are non-operating agreements that provide us with contractual rights to revenue produced from our operators. The revenue generated by our operators is typically from physical or digital product sales, subscriptions and advertising. 
 
 Our purchase of royalty interests enables entrepreneurs to raise non-dilutive capital and retain control of their businesses. When we enter into royalty interest agreements, our primary objectives are to provide management consulting services and generate revenue streams from our operators and increase our corporate cash flow. In some cases, we may also generate a premium on our original purchase price if a royalty interest is redeemed by an operator or third-party such as a buyer of an operator. Pursuant to our business model, we seek to acquire royalty interests that can generate a 15 to 30 internal rate of return, although there can be no guarantee that we will achieve this target. 
 
 Royalty interests are purchased for a fixed amount in exchange for pre-determined royalty payments. Depending on the unique agreement, (i) royalty payments can be made monthly, quarterly or annually, (ii) royalty payments can be made in perpetuity or for a limited amount of time, (iii) royalty payment calculations can change during the term of the royalty interest agreement based on certain performance metrics or time and (iv) royalty payments can be calculated off gross revenue of each operator, or off net-revenue, which accounts for certain defined adjustments to gross revenue, or off unit sales. Although we presently do not have a plan in place to do so, we may issue shares of our Company common stock to operators, in addition to the payment of cash, in exchange for royalty payments from the operator. 
 
 We primarily intend to negotiate royalty interests directly from operators, but we may also acquire existing royalty interests from third parties. A key element of our business model is the building of a diversified portfolio of high-quality royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 20 
 
 We use a series of quantitative, qualitative, financial, and legal criteria by which we evaluate the potential acquisition of royalty interests. We plan to acquire assets with an income focus, and our target is to acquire assets generating uncorrelated income of 15 to 30 internal rate of return, although there can be no guarantee that we will achieve this target. Among the factors considered are: (1) the business track record of revenue and earnings; (2) the type of business that generates royalties; (3) the experience and skill of the active management team of the business; (4) our assessment of the longevity and staying power of the underlying business; and (5) the potential for revenue growth and capital appreciation. 
 
 We currently, and generally at any time, have royalty interest acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review. At this time, we cannot provide assurance that any of the possible transactions under review by us will be concluded successfully. 
 
 Wiz Motions, LLC 
 
 On October 10, 2019, we acquired a royalty interest from Wiz Motions, LLC Wiz a limited liability company formed in the State of Wyoming. Wiz provides their clients with custom video animation explainer videos. We purchased a royalty interest from Wiz for 300,000 which provides us with a perpetual 10 of all future gross sales generated by Wiz through www.WizMotions.com and all other sources. The Company recognized 36,182 and 30,033 of revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Wiz. 
 
 Growth Stack, Inc. 
 
 On November 22, 2019, we acquired a royalty interest from Growth Stack, Inc., Growth Stack a corporation formed in the State of Nevada. Growth Stack provides their clients with various Internet applications, website tools and information services. We purchased a royalty interest from Growth Stack for 250,000, which provides us with a percentage of all future Net Sales (defined below) as follows: 5 of the first 100,000 of net sales per month, and 3 of the next 100,000 of net sales per month. We will also receive 1 of the net sales in excess of 200,000 per month, until we receive a total of 500,000 in aggregate royalty payments from Growth Stack. We are also entitled to a payment of between 500,000 and 1 million in the event (i) Growth Stack elects to buy-out the royalty interest or (ii) Growth Stack undergoes a change of control. In addition, the Company has the right of first refusal to acquire Growth Stack assets in the event the operator decides to sell, and we have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal stockholder of Growth Stack. Royalty payments will be due monthly. The Company recognized 11,000 and 38,690 of revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Growth Stack. 
 
 Artist Holdings, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from Artist Holdings, LLC, Artist Holdings ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Arizona. Artist Holdings provides their clients tools and tutorials on creating their art and platforms to buy art pieces from artists. The Company purchased a royalty interest from Artist Holdings for 50,000, which provides us with a perpetual 12.5 of all future net sales generated by Artist Holdings through its websites, training programs, and art brokerage. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of Artist Holdings. The Company recognized 2,888 and 2,500 in revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 related to Artist Holdings. 
 
 RhymeMakers, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from RhymeMakers, LLC, RhymeMakers ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Wyoming. RhymeMakers provides their clients tools and tutorials on how to rap. We purchased a royalty interest from RhymeMakers for 75,000, which provides us with a perpetual 15 of all net sales generated by RhymeMakers through the website www.rhymemakers.com, thinkific, YouTube and all other sources. Royalty payments are due quarterly. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of RhymeMakers. The Company recognized 1,261 and 4,003 in revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 related to RhymeMakers. 
 
 Pick A Toilet LLC 
 On April 1, 2020, we acquired a royalty interest from Pick A Toilet, LLC, Pick A Toilet ), a limited liability company formed in Wyoming. Pick A Toilet provides their clients with advertising and reviews related to the toilet industry. We purchased a royalty interest from Pick A Toilet for 180,000, which provides us a royalty based on 26 of the net sales from the revenues of the websites. At the end of each quarter, we will receive the results from the Operator and subsequently invoice the operator for our share of revenue. Estimated payments of 5 of the value of the 180,000 paid for the royalty interest are due no later than the 5th day of the month following the calendar quarter. The estimates are then compared to the actual and trued up on our Company s invoice. The Company recognized no revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Pick A Toilet. As a result 
 21 
 
 of collecting no revenue in 2021, we recognized an impairment of 161,000 which was the unamortized royalty interest at the time of impairment, remaining interest at October 31, 2021 is 0. 
 
 Strategic Investment Financier 
 
 On July 15, 2022, we made a strategic investment in Financier, a business that we expect can provide us with a pipeline of deal flow for our core offering of royalty interests. Our Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Financier where Financier sold our Company 12.5 of the equity interests of Financier in exchange for the following: (a) 95,000 in the form of the common stock of our Company which shall be restricted for 12 months, and (b) 95,000 cash at closing in the form of an interest free loan to Financier with the first payment due 30 days following delivery of the common stock of our Company, payable in equal installments of 1,583 over sixty months. As of the date hereof, our Company has not issued the common stock to Financier and has recorded a 95,000 common stock payable. In connection with the purchase, for a period of three years, the Company has the option to purchase the remaining 87.5 outstanding equity of Financier, for 1,330,000. 
 
 Offering financing to our target audience, Financier has been able to amass deal flow and a relationship with thousands of small businesses in need of financing. Our investment encourages a symbiotic relationship wherein clients are referred between the entities. As of October 31, 2022, this strategic investment is in is its infancy stage and outcomes are undetermined. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 compared to fiscal year ending October 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We recognized 51,331 and 66,226 in revenue for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. The decrease in revenue is primarily due to the late payment from Growth Stack for its royalties that are due and a slower start to revenue generating activities of Artist Holdings and RhymeMakers. Subsequent to October 31, 2022, this operator has paid its royalties that were due. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses of 349,303 during the year ended October 31, 2022 decreased from 358,762 for the year ended October 31, 2021. The primary reasons for the decrease were from decrease in advertising costs of 6,401 and 5,768, reduction in amortization costs and reduction in Legal and professional services offset by an increase in consulting expense of 10,975. 
 
 We expect our operating expenses to increase in 2022-2023 as a result of increased operating activity to implement our business plan. 
 
 Other Income (expenses) 
 
 We generated other income of 9,560 and 122,401 for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. The decrease is primarily related to funds received from a former service provider to settle a dispute on billing of 105,000 during the year ended 2021. 
 
 We incurred 0 and 161,000 in impairment expense on royalty interests for the year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2021, we impaired our Pick-A-Toilet royalty due to the absence of revenue. 
 
 We recognized impairment of our cryptocurrencies of 120,399 during the year ended October 31, 2022 as compared to 0 in the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the U.S. COVID-19 is having an unprecedented impact on the U.S economy as federal, state, and local governments react to this public health crisis. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 We recorded a net loss of 409,160 and 331,135 for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively due to the items listed above. 
 22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 At October 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total current assets of 328,350 and 790,027, respectively, consisting primarily of cash and prepaid expenses. During the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company invested 135,528 and 150,014 in cryptocurrencies. We had total current liabilities of 14,277 and 16,794, consisting of general accounts payable, resulting in a net working capital position of 314,073 and 773,233, respectively. 
 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used 250,492 and 131,593 in operating activities, made up primarily of the net loss of 409,160 and 331,155, offset by the impairment of cryptocurrencies of 120,399 amortization of royalty interests of 45,000 and 54,355, and the impairment of royalty interests of 0 and 161,000, respectively. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 , our Company used 250,492 and 131,593 in its operating activities The increase was due to increased net loss in 2022 of 78,005. 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company invested 0 and 125,000 in the acquisition of royalty interests, respectively. The Company also invested in an outside company in exchange for Company common stock payable and a note receivable for 95,000 during the year ended October 31, 2022. 
 
 The company invested 150,014 to cryptocurrencies for the year ended October 31, 2021. The Company also purchased cryptocurrencies in the amount of 135,528 during the year ended October 31, 2022, however, by the end of the fiscal year, had impaired 120,399 of the investment bringing the total carrying amount to 0 at October 31, 2022. 
 
 At October 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no non-cancellable lease obligations and we had no other off-balance sheet arrangements, commitments or guarantees that require additional disclosure or measurement. 
 
 We expect that our cash used in operations will decrease during 2023 and beyond as a result of the following planned activities: decreased advertising. We believe that our existing cash on hand and will provide us with sufficient liquidity to meet our operating needs for the next 12 months, as our projected operating expenses will be approximately 300,000 over the next 12 months. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates, including the assumptions and judgments underlying them, are disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements. We have consistently applied these policies in all material respects. We do not believe that our operations to date have involved uncertainty of accounting treatment, subjective judgment, or estimates, to any significant degree, except as noted below and it is unlikely that material different amounts would be reported under different assumptions. 
 
 Royalty Interests 
 
 We have a total of 675,675 invested in royalty interests. Royalty interests are non-operating agreements that provide us with contractual rights to a percentage of revenue produced from companies we provide funds and management consulting services to. Although most of our royalty interest agreements have a perpetual term, management does not expect these royalty interests to last longer than 15 years due to the rapidly changing environment of a typical operator. Therefore, we have adopted the policy of amortizing the cost of royalty interests using the straight-line method over a period of 15 years, unless the agreement has a specific life provided. Royalty interests are considered a long-lived asset that is required to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In accordance with ASC 360-10, impairment exists for the royalty interests if the carrying amount exceeds the estimates of future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by such assets. An impairment charge is required to be recognized if the carrying amount of the asset, or asset group, exceeds its fair value. 
 23 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 We recognize revenue under royalty interest agreements when earned over time when it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the services that are transferred to the customer. Because of the uncertainty of collections at the inception of a royalty interest agreement and our lack of historical collection statistics, the Company has adopted the approach of recognizing revenue based on customer collections. The operators that are parties to the royalty agreements, are typically structured to report and pay percentages of revenue earned over a quarterly period, some of which do not line up with the quarterly reporting period of the Company. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies 
 
 The Company made investments in cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 of 135,528 and 150,014. Such amounts are included in current assets at original cost, net of impairments in the accompanying balance sheets. As of October 31, 2022, the Company impaired the balance of 120,399, due to the fact that the broker that held the Company s investments froze the account and recovery of the amount is uncertain as of the date of this report. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies held are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, which is measured using the quoted price of the cryptocurrency at the time its fair value is being measured. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. Following the period ended October 31, 2022 and prior to the date the Financial Statements are issued, volatility in the cryptocurrency market has had an adverse effect on the fair value of assets held by the entity. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Equity Investment 
 
 On July 15, 2022, we made a strategic investment in Financier, a business that we expect can provide us with a pipeline of deal flow for our core offering of royalty interests. Our Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Financier where Financier sold our Company 12.5 of the equity interests of Financier in exchange for the following: (a) 95,000 in the form of the common stock of our Company which shall be restricted for 12 months, and (b) 95,000 cash at closing in the form of an interest free loan to Financier with the first payment due 30 days following delivery of the common stock of our Company, payable in equal installments of 1,583 over sixty months. As of the date hereof, our Company has not issued the common stock to Financier and has recorded a 95,000 common stock payable. In connection with the purchase, for a period of three years, the Company has the option to purchase the remaining 87.5 outstanding equity of Financier, for 1,330,000. 
 As of October 31, 2022, the Company has accounted for its investment in Financier as an equity security in accordance with ASC 321 as the Company does not have the ability to exert significant influence over Financier . 
 
 Loan Receivable 
 
 As part of the Financier transaction, the Company issued an interest free loan to Financier in the amount of 95,000. The Company imputed interest at 15 and as such created a discount to the Notes Receivable in the amount of 28,445, which increased the total investment to 123,445 at October 31, 2022. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 
 24 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We do not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The financial statements included in this Annual Report under this item are set forth beginning on Page F-1 of this Annual Report, immediately following the signature pages. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2022, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework- 2013. Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that there are material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We lack full time personnel in accounting and financial staff to sufficiently monitor and process financial transactions in an efficient and timely manner. Our history of losses has severely limited our budget to hire and train enough accounting and financial personnel needed to adequately provide this function. Consequently, we lacked sufficient technical expertise, reporting standards and written policies and procedures along with a lack of a formal review process which includes multiple layers of review. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 25 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management s attestation in this Annual Report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . 
 
 No change in our Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 26 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Identity of directors, executive officers and significant employees 
 The name, age and position of our officers and directors is set forth below: 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Held Position Since 
 
 Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 November 2018 
 
 Noah Rosenfarb 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 November 2018 
 
 Ronald Rosenfarb, Esq. 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, Secretary 
 
 November 2018 

Business experience of directors and executive officers 
 
 The following information sets forth the backgrounds and business experience of the directors and executive officers. 
 
 Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. has been Director and Chief Executive Officer since November 2018. Mr. Chapman is also the Founder and Manager of Partners Equity Fund since the year 2000. Mr. Chapman s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his knowledge of our company and the Internet industry and his leadership at our company. 
 
 Noah Rosenfarb, CPA has been Chairman of the board of directors since November 2018 and Chief Financial Officer since January 2019. Mr. Rosenfarb is also Chief Executive Officer of Freedom adVentures, Inc. a business advisory and consulting firm since February 2018, Chief Executive Officer of Freedom Family Office, LLC an investment advisory firm since April 2007 and Chief Executive Officer of Freedom Advisors, LLC, a consulting firm since January 2007. In addition, Mr. Rosenfarb presently serves on committees for Entrepreneurs' Organization Global Deal Exchange, United Way of Broward County Legacy Society, member of United Way of Broward Toqueville Society, Jewish Federation of Broward County Legacy Society and Jewish Federation of South Palm Beach County Legacy Society. Mr. Rosenfarb has a BS in Accounting from Rutgers College and has been a CPA since 2000. Mr. Rosenfarb s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his knowledge of our Company and the Internet industry and his leadership at our company. 
 
 Ronald Rosenfarb, Esq. has been Chief Operating Officer since January 2019. Mr. Rosenfarb is also Chief Operating Officer of Freedom adVentures, Inc. a business advisory and consulting firm since January 2018. From August 2011 to December 2017, Mr. Rosenfarb was a Senior Manager at Rosenfarb LLC. Mr. Rosenfarb has a JD from Rutgers Law School and was a member of the New York and New Jersey bar from 1997 to 2018. He is also the author of Winning with Financial Damages Experts: A Guide for Litigators. 
 
 The board of directors believes that each of the directors set forth above has the necessary qualifications to be a member of the board of directors. Each of the directors has exhibited during his prior service as a director the ability to operate cohesively with the other members of the board of directors. Moreover, the board of directors believes that each director brings a strong background and skill set to the board of directors, giving the board of directors as a whole competence and experience in diverse areas, including corporate governance and board service, finance, management and industry experience. 
 
 The term of office of each director of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company's stockholders or when such director's successor is elected and qualifies. No date for the next annual meeting of stockholders is specified in the Company's bylaws or has been fixed by the board of directors. The term of office of each officer of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company's board of directors, expected to take place immediately after the next annual meeting of stockholders, or when such officer's successor is elected and qualifies. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 Noah Rosenfarb and Ronald Rosenfarb are brothers. 
 
 Involvement in certain legal proceedings 
 
 No officer or director has been involved in any of the proceedings described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 
 27 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to our Company during its most recent fiscal year and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to our Company with respect to its most recent fiscal year, and any written representation referred to in paragraph (b)(1) of Item 405 of Regulation S-K, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to all of the Company s employees, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available for review on our Company s website www.figiroyalty.com/code-of-ethics/ . The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its Code of Ethics and Business Conduct by posting such information on its website. 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 
 Our Board of Directors does not have a nominating committee. This is due to our development stage and smaller sized Board of Directors. Instead of having such a committee, our entire Board of Directors historically has searched for and evaluated qualified individuals to become nominees for membership on our Board of Directors. 
 
 No material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors has occurred since we last provided disclosure regarding these procedures. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Our Company does not have a separately designated standing audit committee in place; our Company s entire board of directors has served, and currently serves, in that capacity. This is due to the small number of executive officers involved with the Company and the fact that the Company operates with few employees. Our board of directors will continue to evaluate, from time to time, whether a separately designated standing audit committee should be put in place. We do not have an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We currently have limited working capital and limited revenues. Management does not believe that it would be in our best interests at this time to retain independent directors to sit on an audit committee. If we are able to generate sufficient revenues in the future, then we will likely seek out and retain independent directors and form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The information below provides an overview of our executive compensation program, together with a description of the material factors underlying the decisions that resulted in the compensation provided to our Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers who were the highest paid during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 (collectively, the named executive officers ), as presented in the tables which follow this introduction. 
 
 Objective of Compensation Policy 
 
 The objective of our compensation policy is to provide a total compensation package to each named executive officer that will enable us to: 
 
 attract, motivate and retain individual named executive officers; 
 
 reward named executive officers for attaining desired levels of profit and stockholder value; and 
 
 align the financial interests of each named executive officer with the interests of our stockholders to encourage each named executive officer to contribute to our long-term performance and success. 
 28 
 
 Overall, our compensation program is designed to reward individual and Company performance. We also believe that salary levels should be reflective of the current stage of our company. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 (a) 
 
 Year 
 (b) 
 Salary ) 
 (c) 
 Total ) 
 (d) 
 
 Alton Chapman, Jr (1) Chief Executive Officer Director 

2022 2021 
 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Noah Rosenfarb (2) Chief Financial Officer Chairman of the Board of Directors 

2022 2021 
 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 36,000 
 36,000 
 
 Ronald Rosenfarb (3) Chief Operating Officer, Secretary 

2022 
 2021 
 
 39,123 
 39,123 
 
 39,123 
 39,123 

1. Mr. Chapman is our Chief Executive Officer and a director. Under the terms of our verbal agreement, he is currently paid a salary of 36,000 per year and is entitled to reimbursement of reasonable business expenses, vacation and sick days in accordance with our corporate policy and any health benefits we may offer employees in the future. Mr. Chapman s compensation includes the amount for services rendered to the Company in his capacity as both an officer and a director. Mr. Chapman will devote up to 10 hours per week to our Company. He does not have a non-competition agreement with our Company but is not separately engaged, nor does he anticipate being separately engaged, in the purchase of royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 
 2. Mr. Rosenfarb is our Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Under the terms of our verbal agreement, he is currently paid a salary of 36,000 per year and is entitled to reimbursement of reasonable business expenses, vacation and sick days in accordance with our corporate policy and any health benefits we may offer employees in the future. Mr. Rosenfarb s compensation includes the amount for services rendered to the Company in his capacity as both an officer and a director. Mr. Rosenfarb will devote up to 10 hours per week to our Company. He does not have a non-competition agreement with our Company but is not separately engaged, nor does he anticipate being separately engaged, in the purchase of royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 
 3. Mr. Rosenfarb is our Chief Operating Officer and Secretary. Under the terms of our verbal agreement, he is currently paid a salary of 39,123 per year and is entitled to reimbursement of reasonable business expenses, vacation and sick days in accordance with our corporate policy and any health benefits we may offer employees in the future. Mr. Rosenfarb will devote up to 20 hours per week to our Company. He does not have a non-competition agreement with our Company but is not separately engaged, nor does he anticipate being separately engaged, in the purchase of royalty interests from Internet based businesses. 
 
 At no time during the last fiscal year was any outstanding option otherwise modified or re-priced, and there was no tandem feature, reload feature, or tax-reimbursement feature associated with any of the stock options we granted to our executive officers or otherwise. 
 
 We may grant stock awards and stock options to our executive officers based on their level of experience and contributions to our Company. No stock awards, stock options or other Plan or other plan-based awards were granted to our named executive officers or other executive officers as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 
 No stock options, SARs and similar instruments were exercised, and no stock, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments vested, by or for any of our named executive officer during the last completed fiscal year. 
 
 Pension Benefits-Nonqualified Defined Contribution and Other Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 
 No pension benefits were paid to any of our named executive officers during the last completed fiscal year. See Note 10 Retirement Plan in the notes to the audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. We do not currently sponsor any non-qualified defined contribution plans or non-qualified deferred compensation plans. 
 
 Employee, Severance, Separation and Change in Control Agreements 
 
 We have no written employee, severance, separation and change in control agreements with any of our named executive officers. Please see the footnotes to the above Summary Compensation Table contained in this Item 11. Executive Compensation for a description of each named officer s verbal employee agreements. 
 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change In Control 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 Our two directors, Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. and Noah Rosenfarb, also serve as named executive officers. The named executive officers compensation described in the above Summary Compensation Table contained in this Item 11. Executive Compensation includes the amount for services rendered to the Company in their capacity as both an officer and a director. 
 
 Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to Our Risk Management 
 
 No risks arise from our Company s compensation policies and practices for our employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. 
 30 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of February [ ], 2023, the names, addresses, amount and nature of beneficial ownership and percent of such ownership of our common stock of each of our officers and directors, our officers and directors as a group, and each person or group known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our common stock: 

Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2)(3) 
 
 Number 
 
 Percent (4) 

Alton Ace Chapman, Jr., Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 4,384,500 
 
 39 

Noah Rosenfarb, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 4,384,500 
 
 39 

Ronald Rosenfarb, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 461,400 
 
 4 

All executive officers and directors as a group (3 persons) 
 
 9,230,400 
 
 82 

(1) As of February 14, 2023, such holders had the sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them, unless otherwise indicated herein. 
 (2) In care of the Company at 151 Calle San Francisco, Suite 200, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00901 
 (3) If a person listed on this table has the right to obtain additional shares of common stock within 60 days from February 14, 2023, the additional shares are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of class owned by such person, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of any other person. 
 (4) Based on 11,132,208 shares of common stock outstanding on February 14, 2023. 
 Change in Control Arrangements 
 
 We are not aware of any arrangements that could result in a change of control. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Information regarding our compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance can be found in Part II Item 5 of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 For other information related to this Item 13, See Note 7 Related Party Transactions in the notes to the audited financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Transactions With Related Persons 
 
 From time to time, the Company pays expenses on behalf of other entities owned by the founding shareholders of the Company. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, that balance is 1,214 and 0. 
 
 Policies and Procedures for Related-Party Transactions 
 
 Our Company does not have any formal written policies or procedures for related party transactions, however in practice, our board of directors reviews and approves all related party transactions and other matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including potential conflicts of interest and adherence to standards of business conduct. We have no independent directors on our board of directors. Alton Chapman, Jr. and Noah Rosenfarb are our sole directors. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 None of our securities are listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. As a result, our board of directors has reviewed their relationship with the Company in conjunction with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) that provides that an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company's board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined none of the members of our board of directors are independent directors in that they are 
 31 
 
 independent of management and free of any relationship that would interfere with their independent judgment as members of our board of directors. The following members of our board of directors, Alton Chapman, Jr. and Noah Rosenfarb, are not independent directors pursuant to the standards described above. 
 
 Our Company does not have a separately designated nominating or compensation committee or committee performing similar functions; therefore, o ur full board of directors currently serves in these capacities. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table represents aggregate fees billed or to be billed to the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 by Hancock Askew Co. LLP: 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 64,750 
 
 63,618 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total Fees 
 
 64,750 
 
 63,618 

Audit Fees are the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the audit firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees are the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services rendered by our independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and are not reported under the category Audit Fees described above. 
 
 Tax Fees are the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning rendered by our independent auditors. 
 
 All Other Fees are the aggregate fees billed for products and services rendered by our independent auditors, other than the services reported in the above categories. 
 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies. 
 
 The Company s audit committee currently does not have any pre-approval policies or procedures concerning services performed by our independent auditors. However, all the services performed by the independent auditors that are described above were pre-approved by the Company s audit committee. The Company s audit committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 None of the hours expended by our independent auditor s engagement to audit the Company s financial statements for the years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021were attributed to work performed by persons other than the independent auditor s full-time, permanent employees. 
 32 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following Audited Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 
 The exhibit list in the Index to Exhibits is incorporated herein by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 14, 2023. 

Freedom Internet Group Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. 

Alton Ace Chapman, Jr., 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Alton Ace Chapman, Jr. 

Alton Ace Chapman 
 
 /s/ Noah Rosenfarb 
 
 Principal Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 Noah Rosenfarb 
 
 Principal Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 14, 2023 

34 

PART IV FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Stockholder s Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

35 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and 
 Stockholders of Freedom Internet Group, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Freedom Internet Group, Inc. (the Company) as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended October 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

February 14, 2023 
 
 F-1 

FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 
 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of October 31, 2022 and 2021 

October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from related party 

Cryptocurrencies 

Total current Assets 

Royalty interests, net of accumulated amortization of and respectively 

Investment 

Notes receivable, net of discount of and , respectively 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Notes payable 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 12) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock; par value; shares authorized; 
 0.01 par value; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock payable 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 
 F-2 

FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Royalties (net) 

Operating Expenses 

Advertising 

Legal and professional 

Consulting 

Salaries and payroll taxes 

Rent expense 

Amortization of royalty interests 

Other business expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Other Income (Expense) 

Loss on cryptocurrencies - Impairment expense 
 
 ) 

Impairment of royalty interest 

) 
 
 Interest income 

Settlement income 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Other 

Total other income (expense) 
 
 ) 

Net Loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 
 F-3 

FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 20 21 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock Subscribed/ 
 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Payable 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 

Balance November 1, 2020 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Common stock subscribed issuance 

) 

Balance October 31, 2021 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Common stock payable 

Balance October 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part these audited financial statements. 
 F-4 

FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the year ended October 31, 2022 
 
 For the year ended October 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of royalty interests 

Forgiveness of PPP funding 

) 
 
 Impairment of cryptocurrencies 

Impairment of royalty interest 

Due from related party 
 
 ) 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 ) 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Issuance of notes receivable 
 
 ) 

Purchase of cryptocurrencies 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Sale of cryptocurrencies 

Purchase of royalty interest 

) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net cash provided from financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period 

Schedule of non-cash financing activities 

Common stock payable for investment 

Discount on notes receivable in exchange for investment 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 F-5 

FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

and , respectively. Such amounts are included in current assets at original cost, net of impairments in the accompanying balance sheets. 
 
 Cryptocurrencies held are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, which is measured using the quoted price of the cryptocurrency at the time its fair value is being measured. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2022, the cryptocurrency market became more volatile and the broker that held the Company s cryptocurrency froze the account. Recovery of the cryptocurrency is uncertain as of the date of this report. As such, management of the Company impaired the entire remaining balance of . 
 
 F-7 

which provides us with a perpetual 10 of all future gross sales generated by Wiz through www.WizMotions.com and all other sources. The Company recognized and of revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Wiz. 
 
 Growth Stack, Inc. 
 
 On November 22, 2019, we acquired a royalty interest from Growth Stack, Inc., Growth Stack a corporation formed in the State of Nevada. Growth Stack provides their clients with various Internet applications, website tools and information services. We purchased a royalty interest from Growth Stack for , which provides us with a percentage of all future Net Sales (defined below) as follows: 5 of the first 100,000 of net sales per month, and 3 of the next 100,000 of net sales per month. We will also receive 1 of the net sales in excess of 200,000 per month, until we receive a total of 500,000 in aggregate royalty payments from Growth Stack. We are also entitled to a payment of between 500,000 and 1 million in the event (i) Growth Stack elects to buy-out the royalty interest or (ii) Growth Stack undergoes a change of control. In addition, the Company has the right of first refusal to acquire Growth Stack assets in the event the operator decides to sell, and we have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal stockholder of Growth Stack. Royalty payments will be due monthly. The Company recognized and of revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Growth Stack. 
 
 Pick A Toilet LLC 
 
 On April 1, 2020, we acquired a royalty interest from Pick A Toilet, LLC, Pick A Toilet ), a limited liability company formed in Wyoming. Pick A Toilet provides their clients with advertising and reviews related to the toilet industry. We purchased a royalty interest from Pick A Toilet for , which provides us a royalty based on 26 of the net sales from the revenues of the websites. At the end of each quarter, we will receive the results from the Operator and subsequently invoice the operator for our share of revenue. Estimated payments of 5 of the value of the 180,000 paid for the royalty interest are due no later than the 5th day of the month following the calendar quarter. The estimates are then compared to the actual and trued up on our Company s invoice. The Company recognized no revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively related to Pick A Toilet. As a result of collecting no revenue in 2021, we recognized an impairment of which was the unamortized royalty interest at the time of impairment, remaining interest at October 31, 2021 was 0. 
 
 Artist Holdings, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from Artist Holdings, LLC, Artist Holdings ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Arizona. Artist Holdings provides their clients tools and tutorials on creating their art and platforms to buy art pieces from artists. The Company purchased a royalty interest from Artist Holdings for , which provides us with a perpetual 12.5 of all future net sales generated by Artist Holdings through its websites, training programs, and art brokerage. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of Artist Holdings. The Company recognized and in revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 related to Artist Holdings. 
 
 RhymeMakers, LLC 
 
 On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired a royalty interest from RhymeMakers, LLC, RhymeMakers ), a limited liability company formed in the State of Wyoming. RhymeMakers provides their clients tools and tutorials on how to rap. We purchased a royalty interest from RhymeMakers for , which provides us with a perpetual 15 of all net sales generated by RhymeMakers through the website www.rhymemakers.com, thinkific, YouTube and all other sources. Royalty payments are due quarterly. We have received a personal guarantee for royalty payments due by the principal shareholder of RhymeMakers. The Company recognized and in revenue during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 related to RhymeMakers. 
 
 F-8 
 
 and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table summarizes the future amortization of royalty interests as of October 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: Valuation Allowance 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net Deferred tax asset 

A valuation allowance is recorded if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. At October 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recorded a valuation allowance for the entire deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of realizing certain tax benefits in future income tax returns. The Company has carryforward losses available to offset future taxable income not covered by the tax grants amounting to which expires following the Company s 20-year exemption period. 
 F-9 

common stock payable. In connection with the purchase, for a period of three years, the Company has the option to purchase the remaining 87.5 outstanding equity of Financier for 1,330,000. 
 
 As of July 31, 2022, the Company has accounted for its investment in Financier as an equity security in accordance with ASC 321 as the Company does not have the ability to exert significant influence over Financier . 
 
 Loan Receivable 
 
 As part of the Financier transaction, the Company issued an interest free loan to Financier in the amount of 95,000. The Company imputed interest at 15 and as such created a discount to the Notes Receivable in the amount of , which increased the total investment to at July 31, 2022. The Company issued a zero interest rate note in the amount of 95,000, payable in equal installments of 1,583 for a period of sixty months. 
 
 As of October 31, 2022, the common stock that is payable to Financier has not been issued by management. According to the payment terms of the loan receivable, payment is not to begin until after Financier receives the stock from the Company. 
 
 and (the PPP loans from a commercial bank, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP administered by the Small Business Administration (the SBA pursuant to the CARES Act. The PPP loan matures on June 30, 2025, and August 30, 2025 and bears an interest rate of 1 per annum. Payments of principal and interest of any unforgiven balance commence on December 1, 2020. Under the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act of 2020, (i) the first payment date for the PPP loan will be the earlier of (a) 10 months after the end of the covered period (as determined under the PPP) or (b) the date the bank receives a remittance of the forgiven amount from the SBA, and (ii) the PPP loan s maturity is extended to five years (from 2 years). 
 
 All or a portion of the PPP loan may be forgiven by the lender upon application by the Company beginning 60 days after the loan approval and upon documentation of expenditures in accordance with the requirements set forth by the SBA pursuant to the CARES Act. Under the CARES Act, loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs, covered rent payments, covered mortgage interest and covered utilities during either, at the Company s election, the eight-week period or twenty-four-week period beginning on the date of disbursement of proceeds from the PPP loan. For purposes of the CARES Act, payroll costs exclude compensation of an individual employee in excess of 100,000 prorated annually. Not more than 40 of the forgiven amount may be for non-payroll costs. Forgiveness is reduced, under certain circumstances, if full-time headcount declines, or if salaries and wages for employees with salaries of 100,000 or less annually are reduced. In the event the PPP loan, or any portion thereof, is forgiven pursuant to the PPP, the amount forgiven is applied to outstanding principal. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2021, the full amount of was forgiven and is included in other income. 
 
 . 
 F-10 

of units, each unit consists of a subscription for shares of Company 0.01 par value common stock and a warrant to purchase an additional shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of per share. Units were offered, at a purchase price of per unit. Through October 31, 2021, the Company sold 848.4 units, or a subscription for shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 509,000. The subscription included detachable warrants to purchase an additional shares at 2.67 per share with a term ending on December 31, 2021. 

Granted 

Forfeit or cancelled 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Balance at October 31, 2022 

On December 31, 2021, warrants to purchase 254,511 shares of common stock expired unexercised. 

payment from the service provider. On September 7, 2021 the Company received directly and was withheld for tax purposes and was recognized as other income. 
 F-11 

F-12 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 The listed exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 SEC Reference Number 
 Title of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws Amendment No. 1 dated November 14, 2019 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 4.1 
 Description of Registrant's Securities 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2021 
 
 10.1 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2021 
 
 10.5 
 Wiz Motions LLC Royalty Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 10.7 
 Growth Stack, Inc. Royalty Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 10.8 
 Pick A Toilet, LLC Royalty Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2020 
 
 10.9 
 Artist Holdings, LLC Royalty Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on March 5, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 RhymeMakers, LLC Royalty Agreement 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on March 5, 2021 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 10, 2020 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporated by reference to our Form 10-K filed on February 15, 2022 
 
 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Furnished 
 
 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by the Principal Financial Officer of the Company 
 
 Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 figi_ex3z3.htm
 BYLAWS AMENDMENT NO. 1 DATED NOVEMBER 14, 2019

AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 TO 
 BYLAWS 
 OF 
 FREEDOM INTERNET GROUP INC. 

Adopted by the Board of Directors on November 14, 2019 

Deleted Bylaw Provision: 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 General Provisions 
 SECTION 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 30th day of November. 
 
 New Bylaw Provision: 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 General Provisions 
 SECTION 3. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31st day of October. 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 figi_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Alton Chapman, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freedom Internet Group Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Alton Chapman 

Alton Chapman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 figi_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Noah Rosenfarb, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freedom Internet Group Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Noah Rosenfarb 

Noah Rosenfarb 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 figi_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freedom Internet Group Inc. (the Company for the year ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alton Chapman, Chief Executive Officer of our Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), that, to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of our Company. 
 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Alton Chapman 

Alton Chapman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 figi_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freedom Internet Group Inc. (the Company for the year ended October 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Noah Rosenfarb, Chief Financial Officer of our Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), that, to my knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of our Company. 
 
 Date: February 14, 2023 
 /s/ Noah Rosenfarb 

Noah Rosenfarb 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 figi-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 figi-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 figi-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 figi-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 figi-20221031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

