<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1114483_0001114483-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17148831</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321631</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2929876</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5813450</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4157370</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3627078</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001114483-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221075430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001114483-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Integer Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114483
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				161531026
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16137
		FILM NUMBER:		23645316

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY., SUITE 1150
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 618-5243

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5830 GRANITE PARKWAY., SUITE 1150
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREATBATCH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050531

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WILSON GREATBATCH TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001114483-23-000003.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 gb-20221231.htm
 10-K

gb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission File Number 
 _____________________________________ 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates as of July 1, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), based on the last sale price of 72.00, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date: billion. Solely for the purpose of this calculation, shares held by directors and officers and 10 percent stockholders of the registrant have been excluded. This exclusion should not be deemed a determination or an admission that these individuals are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 Shares of common stock outstanding as of February 10, 2023: 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 PAGE Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 97 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 97 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 98 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 98 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 103 
 Signatures 
 104 

- 2 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 Integer Holdings Corporation, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is among the world s largest medical device outsource MDO manufacturing companies, serving the cardiac rhythm management, neuromodulation, orthopedics, vascular, advanced surgical and portable medical markets. We provide innovative, high-quality medical technologies that enhance the lives of patients worldwide. In addition to medical technologies, we develop batteries for high-end niche applications in energy, military, and environmental markets. Our brands include Greatbatch Medical , Lake Region Medical and Electrochem . Our primary customers include large, multi-national original equipment manufacturers OEMs and their affiliated subsidiaries. When used in this report, the terms Integer, we, us, our and the Company mean Integer Holdings Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 We organize our business into two reportable segments, Medical and Non-Medical, and derive our revenues from four principal product lines. The Medical segment includes the Cardio Vascular, Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation and Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical product lines and the Non-Medical segment comprises the Electrochem product line. 
 
 Our Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 On April 6, 2022, we acquired 100 of the equity interests of Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical (collectively Aran ). A recognized leader in proprietary medical textiles, high precision biomaterial coverings and coatings as well as advanced metal and polymer braiding, Aran delivers development and manufacturing solutions for implantable medical devices. Consistent with our strategy, the combination with Aran further increases our ability to offer complete solutions for complex delivery and therapeutic devices in high growth cardiovascular markets such as structural heart, neurovascular, peripheral vascular, and endovascular as well as general surgery. Refer to Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about the acquisition. 
 On December 1, 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Oscor Inc., Oscor Caribe, LLC and Oscor Europe GmbH (collectively Oscor ), privately-held companies with operations in Florida, the Dominican Republic and Germany that design, develop, manufacture and market a comprehensive portfolio of highly specialized medical devices, venous access systems and diagnostic catheters and implantable devices. Refer to Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about the acquisition. 
 On February 19, 2020, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of InoMec Ltd. InoMec ), a privately-held company based in Israel that specializes in the research, development and manufacturing of medical devices, including minimally invasive tools, delivery systems, tubing and catheters, surgery tools, drug-device combination, laser combined devices, and tooling and production. The acquisition enabled us to create a research and development center in Israel, closer to the customer base in the region. Refer to Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about the acquisition. 
 On October 7, 2019, we acquired certain assets and liabilities of US BioDesign, LLC USB ), a privately-held developer and manufacturer of complex braided biomedical structures for disposable and implantable medical devices. The acquisition added a differentiated capability related to the complex development and manufacture of braided and formed biomedical structures to our broad portfolio, that we believe further positioned us as a partner of choice for innovative medical technologies. 
 On July 2, 2018, we completed the sale of the Advanced Surgical and Orthopedic product lines (the AS O Product Line to Viant. As a result, we classified the results of operations of the AS O Product Line as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. All results and information presented exclude the AS O Product Line unless otherwise noted. Refer to Note 20, Discontinued Operations, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 - 3 - 

Table of Contents 

 MEDICAL SEGMENT 
 
 Cardio Vascular 
 The Cardio Vascular product line leverages a global footprint to produce a full range of components, subassemblies, and finished devices used in interventional cardiology, structural heart, heart failure, peripheral vascular, neurovascular, interventional oncology, electrophysiology, vascular access, infusion therapy, hemodialysis, urology, and gastroenterology procedures. 
 The following are the principal products and services offered by our Cardio Vascular product line: 
 Interventional Cardiology. Our interventional cardiology portfolio is focused primarily on the design, development and manufacture of catheter and wire-based technologies intended to diagnose and treat cardiac disease. Key products and capabilities span a full suite of devices including coronary stents, balloon catheters, atherectomy devices, imaging and sensing devices, chronic total occlusion solutions, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and access guidewires, introducer sheaths, and vascular closure devices. Core areas of technical expertise include laser-cut hypotubes, catheter shafts (extrusion, filmcast, and reflow), integrated hub assemblies, pad printing, tip shaping, polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) coating, complex machining, and sensor integration. 
 Structural Heart and Heart Failure. Structural heart and heart failure products include those used by cardiologists, echocardiographers, cardiac surgeons, and heart failure specialists to treat diseases or defects of the heart, such as valvular diseases and congenital defects. Integer provides components, subassemblies, and finished devices to these markets leveraging a wide range of technologies and capabilities. These include laser-cut and machined components, complex braided meshes, guidewires, introducer sheaths, steerable sheaths and delivery catheters, and implants used in transcatheter aortic valve replacement, balloon aortic valvuloplasty, transcatheter mitral valve repair and replacement, atrial and defect closure, left ventricular assist, and shunt procedures. 
 Peripheral Vascular, Neurovascular, and Interventional Oncology. Our peripheral vascular, neurovascular, urology and oncology portfolio is primarily focused on the design, development and manufacture of devices used during the treatment of peripheral artery disease, transcatheter embolization and occlusion, aortic aneurysm repair, and neurovascular stroke prevention. Our broad portfolio of devices, capabilities and technology platforms provides our customers with cost effective, high quality solutions ranging from device components to complex assemblies to finished devices such as regulatory approved guidewires and introducers. 
 Integer s broad technology and capability portfolio within the peripheral vascular markets enables us to address the full spectrum of devices needed in the diagnoses and treatment of peripheral vascular disease. In the peripheral artery disease markets, our technologies are focused on the manufacture and development of interventional guidewires, support catheters, introducers and guiding sheaths, balloon catheters, self-expanding stents and stent grafts as well as embolic protection devices. Our neurovascular technology portfolio encompasses micro guidewires, micro and access catheters, aspiration catheters, stent retrievers, embolization coils, as well as flow diverters. In the interventional oncology market, we offer customers guidewires and microcatheters designed to enable the effective delivery of embolic agents. 
 Electrophysiology . Electrophysiology products include devices used by electrophysiologists and interventional cardiologists for the treatment of cardiac arrythmias, such as atrial fibrillation. Integer primarily produces devices used for treatment of atrial fibrillation, the most prevalent cardiac arrythmia. These devices include sheaths and needles for transseptal access, diagnostic and mapping catheters to record and map the arrythmia sources, and ablation catheters to create lesions for blocking the arrythmia signals. Integer has the technical capabilities and expertise to provide the full spectrum of products from components to finished devices. Typical components include polyimide tubing, electrode rings, platinum tips and fine wires. Sub-assemblies include electrode ring and wire assemblies, steerable handle assemblies, and spline and basket assemblies. Finished devices include steerable transseptal sheaths, diagnostic catheters and ablation catheters. 
 Vascular Access, Infusion Therapy and Hemodialysis. Our solutions in these markets are focused on vessel access, treatment and device placement for medication and fluid delivery in patients with severe conditions requiring repeated vessel access. We design and manufacture a wide range of vascular access guidewires, stylets, catheters, valved / non-valved peelable and micro introducers. Our portfolio of market-ready vascular access guidewires and introducers kits enables a range of venous and arterial access applications, including transradial access. Additionally, we support customers with custom introducer sheaths and kit solutions leveraging our deep expertise in thin-wall sheath design, hydrophilic coatings and guidewire manufacturing (including poly-jacketed, mandrel, and nitinol core guidewire constructions). 
 - 4 - 

Table of Contents 

 Non-vascular Markets: Within the Cardio Vascular group, we also manage non-vascular markets for which we have expertise and offer a broad range of products, technologies and capabilities. Those markets include: 
 Urology. Our main focus is in endourology for which we develop and manufacture finished devices and components for access and interventional devices such as guidewires, ureteral access sheaths, dilation devices, retrieval devices, ureteral stents, biopsy forceps, and endoscopes. 
 Gastroenterology. Our comprehensive range of technologies and capabilities enable us to support our customers needs with a broad variety of products such as guidewires, dilatation devices, retrieval devices, snares, wire-formed and polymer stents, stent delivery systems, RF ablation devices, and endoscopes. 
 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation 
 The Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation product line offers design, development and manufacturing capabilities for components, sub-assemblies, assemblies, and finished medical device systems. We support a variety of clinical markets, with an emphasis on the following markets: 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management. The cardiac rhythm management CRM market comprises implanted medical devices IMDs ), implanted leads, procedure accessories, as well as external devices that monitor and treat heart rhythm disorders and heart disease. Examples of CRM products include implantable pacemakers, implantable cardioverter defibrillators ICDs ), insertable cardiac monitors ICMs ), implantable cardiac pacing and defibrillation leads, and heart failure therapies such as ventricular assist devices and cardiac resynchronization devices CRT-P and CRT-D ). An IMD system generally includes an implantable pulse generator IPG and one or more stimulation leads. An IPG is a small battery powered device implanted under the skin in the chest that can sense and produce electrical pulses through specialized wires called leads. These leads sense electrical heart signals and carry them back to the IPG which in turn delivers electrical pulses back through the lead to the heart to deliver therapy. 
 Our portfolio of technologies and products include components, sub-assemblies, and assemblies for active IPGs, implanted sensing and stimulation leads, accessories, or external instruments. Our investments in research and development have created leadership positions in battery, capacitor, and feedthrough technology, including filtered feedthroughs. We are also a supplier of medical stamped components, and shallow and deep draw casings and assemblies. 
 Beyond the IPG, Integer s CRM product line provides lead development and manufacturing solutions including expertise in low-polarization specialty-coated electrodes and components, and lead and device accessories such as stylets, guidewires, introducers, and lead adapters. Integer also offers fully designed and manufactured epicardial pacing leads. 
 Neuromodulation. Similar to the CRM market, the neuromodulation Neuro market comprises IPGs, implanted leads, procedure accessories, and external devices, such as battery chargers, trial stimulators and patient controllers. Examples of Neuro products include implantable spinal cord stimulators for chronic pain, sacral nerve stimulators for incontinence, deep brain stimulators for movement disorders and other IMDs to treat psychiatric disorders, sleep disorders and hearing loss. The Neuro market also includes several new emerging applications, such as implanted bioelectronic devices aimed at treating chronic diseases. 
 Within the Neuro market we offer IMD component technologies that have been developed to meet the needs of our customers including our Xcellion line of lithium-ion rechargeable batteries, QMR and CFx non-rechargeable batteries, feedthroughs, device enclosures, machined components and lead components and sub-assemblies. Additionally, Integer helps OEMs and other emerging companies with the development and manufacture of complete neuromodulation IMD solutions, including custom IPGs, programmer systems, battery chargers, patient controllers, fully finished lead systems and accessories from initial development through commercial quantities. 
 
 Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical 
 The Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical AS O product line offers a broad range of products and services across the many businesses it serves. This product line includes sales to the acquirer of our AS O Product Line. 
 The following are the principal products and services offered by our AS O product line: 
 Portable Medical. We are a leading provider of advanced batteries and power solutions for global OEMs. We specialize in the design and manufacture of Li-ion battery packs and chargers. Through the combination of our innovative research and development expertise, manufacturing excellence and leading customer partnerships we advance the way healthcare is powered. Our offerings include customized rechargeable batteries and chargers to power medical devices across multiple clinical markets including patient monitoring, ventilators, portable defibrillators, portable ultrasound, X-Ray machines, hearing devices, and LVAD devices. We collaborate with our customers on product development opportunities incorporating our power solutions into Class I, II or III medical devices. 
 - 5 - 

Table of Contents 

 Minimally Invasive General Surgery. Our minimally invasive and general surgery products are primarily arthroscopic, laparoscopic, and general surgery devices and components used for minimally invasive procedures in the joint, abdominal, gastroesophageal reflux disease GERD ), ophthalmology, oncology, and general surgery spaces. Our products include, harmonic scalpels, shaver blades, burr shavers, radio frequency probes, biopsy probes, trocars, electrocautery components, wound dressings, GERD treatment components, and phacoemulsification needles. 
 Orthopedic. Our orthopedic products include instruments used in hip, knee, and spine surgeries. Our products primarily consist of reamers and chisels. 
 
 NON-MEDICAL SEGMENT 
 Our power solutions enable the success and advancement of our customers critical non-medical applications. We provide custom battery packs for use in extreme environments where failure is not an option. 
 The following are the principal products and services offered by our Non-Medical product line: 
 Electrochem. Electrochem provides customized battery power and power management systems to markets where safety, reliability, quality and durability are critical. We design and manufacture customized primary (non-rechargeable) battery solutions, which are used in the energy, military and environmental markets. 
 Electrochem s primary lithium power solutions, which include high, moderate and low-rate non-rechargeable cell constructions, are utilized in extreme conditions and are built to withstand exceptionally high and low temperatures as well as high shock and vibration. Electrochem s product design capability includes protective circuitry, glass-to-metal hermetic seals, fuses and diodes to help ensure safe, durable and reliable power as devices using our battery solutions are often subjected to harsh conditions. Our primary batteries are used in remote and demanding environments, including down hole drilling tools, pipeline inspection, military devices, and oceanographic buoys. 
 Electrochem also manufactures complementary technologies in the form of real time battery monitoring, and an alternate power technology in the form of high temperature super capacitors. 
 
 OTHER FACTORS IMPACTING OUR OPERATIONS 
 
 Customers 
 Our products are designed to provide reliable, long-lasting solutions that meet the evolving requirements and needs of our customers. The nature and extent of our commercial relationships with each of our customers are different in terms of breadth of products purchased, product volumes, length of contractual commitment, ordering patterns, inventory management, and selling prices. Contracts with customers can include rebates and tiered pricing arrangements based on pre-determined volume levels, in which higher volume levels typically have lower pricing, or specific prices are offered to customers in exchange for increased volume levels and/or longer contract terms. Typically, our contracts specify minimum order quantities and lead times. 
 We have limited visibility into our customers future purchases, covering only a relatively short period of time. Our customers may have inventory management programs, vertical integration plans and/or alternate supply arrangements that may not be communicated to or shared with us. Additionally, the relative market share among the OEM manufacturers changes periodically, which may cause customer inventory levels to rebalance to match new demand. Consequently, these and other factors can significantly impact our sales in any given period. Our customers may initiate field actions with respect to market-released products. These actions may include product recalls or communications with a significant number of physicians about a product or labeling issue. The scope of such actions can range from very minor issues affecting a small number of units to more significant actions. 
 Our Medical customers include large multi-national medical device OEMs and their subsidiaries. During 2022, three of our Medical segment customers, Abbott Laboratories, Boston Scientific and Medtronic were each in excess of 10 of total sales and collectively accounted for 46 of our total sales. We believe that the diversification of our sales among the various subsidiaries and market segments with those three customers reduces our exposure to negative developments with any one customer. Our Non-Medical customers include large multi-national OEMs and their subsidiaries serving the energy, military and environmental services markets. During 2022, sales to one of our Non-Medical segment customers was in excess of 10 of our Non-Medical segment sales, but did not exceed 10 of our total sales. The loss of a significant amount of business from any large customer or a further consolidation of such customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, as further explained in Item 1A Risk Factors of this report. 
 - 6 - 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our products directly to our customers. In 2022, approximately 55 of our products sold were shipped to locations in the United States U.S. ). Sales within and outside the U.S. are primarily to customers whose corporate offices are located and headquartered in the U.S. Information regarding our sales by geographic area is set forth in Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 
 Although the majority of our customers contract with us to develop custom components and assemblies to fit their product specifications, we also provide system and device solutions ready for market distribution by OEMs. We have established close working relationships between our internal program managers and our customers. We market our products and technologies at industry meetings and trade shows domestically and internationally. We have placed additional emphasis on reaching long-term agreements with our OEM customers to secure our revenue base and incentivize growth. 
 Internal account executives support all sales activity and involve engineers and technology professionals in the sales process to address customer requests across all product lines. For system and device solutions, we partner with our customers research, marketing, and clinical groups to jointly develop technology platforms in alignment with their product roadmaps and therapy needs. 
 We leverage our account executives with support from our engineers to design and sell product solutions into our targeted markets. Our account executives are trained to assist our customers in selecting appropriate materials and configurations. We market our products and services through well-defined selling strategies and marketing campaigns that are customized for each of the industries we target. 
 Firm backlog orders at December 31, 2022 were approximately 886 million. The majority of the orders outstanding at December 31, 2022 are expected to be shipped within one year. 
 
 Competition 
 The MDO manufacturing industry has traditionally been highly fragmented with several thousand companies, many of which we believe have limited manufacturing capabilities and limited sales and marketing expertise. We believe that very few companies offer the scope of manufacturing capabilities and services that we provide to medical device companies, however, we may compete in the future against other companies that provide broad manufacturing capabilities and related services. We compete against different companies depending on the type of product or service offered or the geographic area served. We also face competition from existing and prospective customers that employ in-house capabilities to produce some of the products we provide. 
 Our existing or potential competitors include suppliers with different subsets of our manufacturing capabilities, suppliers that concentrate in niche markets, and suppliers that have, are developing, or may in the future develop, broad manufacturing capabilities and related services. We compete for new business at all phases of the product life cycle, which includes development of new products, the redesign of existing products and transfer of mature product lines to outsourced manufacturers. Competitive advantage is generally based on reputation, quality, delivery, responsiveness, breadth of capabilities, including design and engineering support, price, customer relationships and increasingly the ability to provide complete supply chain solutions rather than only producing and providing individual components. 
 
 Acquisitions and Investments 
 One facet of our growth strategy is to acquire additional technology or manufacturing capability to expand our product offering in our key existing growth markets. We expect to continue to engage in business development activities and technology licensing arrangements to support our growth in these markets. 
 As our customers grow and consolidate, they seek suppliers who can offer broad product capabilities, manufacturing scale and facilitate speed to market. Our strategy aligns with enhancing our portfolio from both organic and inorganic means to partner more broadly with our customers to support their growth. Our inorganic strategy will be primarily focused on strategic bolt-on acquisitions that will supplement our existing product portfolio. 
 - 7 - 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Overview 
 We continue to take steps to better align our resources in order to invest to grow and protect, and preserve our portfolio of products. In addition to our portfolio strategy, we continue to execute our six key operational strategic imperatives designed to drive excellence in everything we do: 
 Sales Force Excellence: We have changed the organizational structure to match product line growth strategies and customer needs. This change is about getting more out of the capabilities we already have, and has increased individual accountability and clarity of ownership, while serving customers more effectively. 
 Market Focused Innovation: We are ensuring we get the most return on our research and development investments. We are focused on having a clear picture of how we spend our money so we can increase investments to drive future growth. 
 Manufacturing Excellence: The goal is to deliver world-class operational performance in the areas of safety, quality, delivery and overall efficiency. We want to transition our manufacturing into a competitive advantage through a single, enterprise-wide manufacturing structure known as the Integer Production System. This system will provide standardized systems and processes by leveraging best practices and applying them across all of our global sites. 
 Business Process Excellence: We are taking a systematic approach to driving excellence in everything we do by standardizing, optimizing and ultimately sustaining all of our processes. 
 Leadership Capability: We have a robust plan to make leadership a competitive advantage for us, and as the success rate is higher with internal hires, we are focusing on finding and developing leaders from within the Company to build critical capabilities for future success. 
 Performance Excellence: We are raising the bar on associate performance to maximize our impact. This includes aligning key roles with critical capabilities, positioning the best talent against the biggest work, and putting tools and processes in place to provide higher financial rewards for top performers, so our top performers can see increased results in pay for increased results in their performance. 
 We believe we are well-positioned within the medical technology and MDO manufacturing market and that there is a robust pipeline of opportunities to pursue. We have expanded our medical device capabilities and are excited about opportunities to partner with customers to drive innovation. We believe we have the scale and global presence, supported by world-class manufacturing and quality capabilities, to capture these opportunities. We are confident in our capabilities as one of the largest MDO manufacturers, with a long history of successfully integrating companies, driving down costs and growing revenues over the long-term. Ultimately, our strategic vision is to drive shareholder value by enhancing the lives of patients worldwide by being our customers partner of choice for innovative technologies and services. 
 
 Research and Product Development 
 Our position as a leading developer and manufacturer of medical devices and components is largely the result of our long history of technological innovation. Our scientists, engineers and technicians focus on developing new products, improving and enhancing existing products, and expanding the use of our products in new or tangential applications. In addition to our internal technology and capability development efforts aimed at providing our customers with differentiated solutions, we also engage outside research institutions for unique technology projects. 
 Medical. We believe our core business is well positioned because our OEM customers leverage our portfolio of intellectual property. We continue to build a healthy pipeline of diverse medical technology opportunities and provide a new level of industry leading capabilities and services to our OEM customers across the full range of medical device products and services. We are at the forefront of innovating technologies and products that help change the face of healthcare, enabling us to provide our customers with a distinct advantage as they bring complete medical systems and solutions to market. In turn, our customers are able to accelerate patient access to life enhancing therapies. We offer our customers a comprehensive portfolio comprising the best technologies, providing a single point of support, and driving optimal outcomes. 
 - 8 - 

Table of Contents 

 Some of the more significant product development opportunities our Medical segment is pursuing are as follows: 
 Product Line Product Development Projects Cardio Vascular Active projects in structural heart delivery systems subassemblies, structural heart delivery accessories, structural heart implants, electrophysiology catheters, accessories and subassemblies, peripheral vascular catheters and guidewires, neurovascular therapies to prevent hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke, enhanced access introducers, gastrointestinal scope components, fractional flow reserve guidewire subassemblies, sensor-enabled guidewires, and oncology catheters. Technology investments to enable our customer s catheter, delivery system, introducer, guidewire, and implant development programs in our core Cardio Vascular markets. Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation Active projects to develop custom batteries, filtered feedthroughs, high voltage capacitors and finished device solutions including both leads and IPG systems that reduce the size and cost, while improving performance, for cardiac and neuromodulation devices. 
 Non-Medical. Some of the more significant product development opportunities in our Non-Medical segment are our next generation medium-rate and high-rate batteries that offer extended performance; such as higher power pulsing capabilities and increased operating temperature range. We also offer a suite of smart battery products that include real time battery monitoring as well as voltage, temperature and current cut-off technologies. Most recently we added a line of high temperature super capacitors to our portfolio, further extending our capabilities in ruggedized, high temperature energy storage. 
 
 Patents and Proprietary Technology 
 Our policy is to protect our intellectual property rights related to our technologies and products, and we rely on a combination of patents, licenses, trade secrets and know-how to establish and protect our rights. Where appropriate, we apply for U.S. and foreign patents. We also are a party to license agreements with third parties under which we have obtained, on varying terms, exclusive or non-exclusive rights to patents held by them. In the aggregate, these intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business; however, we believe that no single patent, technology, trademark, intellectual property asset or license is material in relation to any segment of our business or to our business as a whole. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 672 U.S. and foreign patents, and have license right to another 398 patents. 
 Design, development and regulatory aspects of our business also provide competitive advantages, and we require our employees, consultants and other parties having access to our confidential information to execute confidentiality agreements. These agreements prohibit disclosure of confidential information to third parties, except in specified circumstances. In the case of employees and consultants, the agreements generally provide that all confidential information relating to our business is the exclusive property of Integer. 
 
 Manufacturing, Regulatory and Quality Assurance 
 We leverage our strength as an innovative designer and manufacturer of finished devices and components to the medical device industry. Our manufacturing and engineering services include: design, testing, component manufacture, and device manufacture. We also provide regulatory services including product registration and post-market surveillance in accordance with the regulatory requirements of the U.S. and European Union EU as well as other geographies. We have integrated our proprietary technologies in our own products and those of our customers. Our flexible, high productivity manufacturing capabilities span sites across the U.S., Mexico, Uruguay, Ireland, Malaysia, the Dominican Republic, and Israel. 
 Due to the highly regulated nature of the products we produce, we have implemented strong quality systems across all sites. The quality systems at our sites are compliant with and certified to various recognized international standards, requirements, and directives. Each site s quality system is certified under an applicable International Organization for Standardization ISO quality system standard, such as ISO 13485 (Medical device and component sites) or ISO 9001 (Electrochem). This certification requires, among other things, an implemented quality system that applies (where applicable) to the design and manufacture of components, assemblies and finished medical devices, including component quality and supplier control. Maintenance of these certifications for each facility requires periodic re-examination from an independent notified body. 
 Along with ISO 13485, the facilities producing finished medical devices are subject to oversight by Notified Bodies and extensive and rigorous regulation by numerous government bodies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and other international regulatory agencies, to assure the conformance of devices and components on a worldwide basis. For these facilities, we maintain FDA registration and compliance with all applicable domestic and international regulations. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA and international regulatory bodies. 
 - 9 - 

Table of Contents 

 Suppliers and Raw Materials 
 We purchase some critical raw materials from a limited number of suppliers due to the technically challenging requirements of the supplied product and/or the lengthy process required to qualify these materials both internally and with our customers. We cannot quickly establish additional or replacement suppliers for these materials because of these rigid requirements. For these critical raw materials, we maintain safety stocks and partner with suppliers through contract to help ensure the continuity of supply. 
 Many of the raw materials that are used in our products are subject to fluctuations in market price. In particular, the prices of precious metals, such as platinum, have historically fluctuated, and the prices that we pay for these materials, and, in some cases, their availability, are dependent upon general market conditions. In most cases, we have pass-through pricing arrangements with our customers that purchase components containing precious metals or have established firm-pricing agreements with our suppliers that are designed to minimize our exposure to market fluctuations. 
 We utilize competitive pricing methods such as bulk purchases, precious metal pool buys, blanket orders, and long-term contracts to secure supply. 
 As discussed more fully in Item 1A Risk Factors of this report, our business depends on a continuous supply of raw materials from a limited number of suppliers. If an unforeseen interruption of supply were to occur, we may be unable to obtain substitute sources for these raw materials on a timely basis, on terms acceptable to us or at all, which could harm our ability to manufacture our products profitably or on time. Additionally, we may be unable to quickly establish additional or replacement suppliers for these materials as there are a limited number of worldwide suppliers. 
 
 Working Capital Practices 
 Our goal is to carry sufficient levels of inventory to ensure that we have adequate supply of raw materials from suppliers and meet the product delivery needs of our customers. We also provide and receive payment terms to customers and from suppliers in the normal course of business. It will continue to be a priority for us to maintain appropriate working capital levels while improving our operating cash flow and managing our leverage ratio. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Medical Device Regulation 
 Integer develops, manufactures, markets and sells products in multiple countries throughout the world and is therefore subject to regulation by numerous agencies and legislative bodies, including the FDA, European Commission, Health Product Regulatory Agency, Health Canada, Therapeutics Goods Administration and other comparable foreign counterparts. These regulatory requirements subject our products and our business to numerous risks that are specifically discussed within Risks Related to Our Industries under Item 1A Risk Factors of this report. A summary of critical aspects of our regulatory environment is included below. 
 In the U.S., these regulations are enacted by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and its subsequent amendments, and the regulations issued or proposed thereunder. 
 The FDA s Quality System Regulation sets forth basic quality requirements for our sites that includes product design and manufacturing processes, requires the maintenance of certain records, and provides for on-site inspection of our facilities and continuing review by the FDA. Authorization to commercially market our non-exempt products in the U.S. is granted by the FDA under procedures referred to as 510(k) pre-market notification or pre-market approval PMA ). These processes require us to notify the FDA of the new product and obtain FDA clearance or approval before marketing the device. 
 The FDA classifies medical devices based on the risks associated with use of the device. Devices are classified into one of three categories - Class I, Class II, or Class III. Class I devices are deemed to be low risk and are therefore subject to the least regulatory controls, referred to as General Controls. Class II devices are higher risk devices than Class I and require greater regulatory controls that includes General Controls combined with Special Controls. Special Controls define the specific risks to health along with an optional means for addressing those risks. Class III devices are generally the highest risk devices and are therefore subject to the highest level of regulatory control, requiring a PMA by the FDA before they are marketed and continued controls in the form of amendments or supplements which require approval prior to making certain product or process changes. 
 - 10 - 

Table of Contents 

 The member countries of the EU have a single set of requirements that apply to all member countries and our products. The EU is in the process of replacing its regulatory requirements from the European Medical Device Directives MDD and Active Implantable Medical Device Directive AIMDD to the European Medical Device Regulation EU-MDR ). The EU MDR became effective in May 2021, resulting in additional premarket and post-market requirements which must be in place by May 2024. These directives require, and the EU-MDR requires, companies that wish to manufacture and distribute medical devices in the EU to obtain a CE Mark for those products. The CE Mark indicates the product has met minimum standards of performance, essential requirements, safety conformity assessment and quality. Companies must work with an EU recognized Notified Body to gain approval for the product and manufacturing site before obtaining free movement of products throughout the member countries. In Europe, our devices are considered either Class I, Class IIa, Class III, or AIMD, under MDD or AIMDD and will be with Class I, Class IIa or Class III under the EU-MDR. 
 In addition to the U.S. and EU, we have approval to manufacture or market our products in numerous foreign countries and therefore are subject to other regulations affecting, among other things, product standards, sterilization, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, and import laws. We are also subject to onsite inspection by independent bodies with the authority to issue or not issue certifications we may require to be able to sell products in certain countries. Many of the regulations applicable to our devices and products in these countries are similar to those of the FDA or EU; however, others vary widely, ranging from simple product registrations to detailed submissions such as those required by the FDA. 
 We believe that the procedures we use for quality controls, development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our medical devices conform to the requirements of all pertinent regulations. 
 Environmental Health and Safety Laws 
 We are subject to direct governmental regulation, including the laws and regulations generally applicable to all businesses in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing the emission, discharge, use, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the release of these materials at our facilities and at off-site disposal locations. Our manufacturing and research, development and engineering RD E activities may involve the controlled use of small amounts of hazardous materials. Liabilities associated with hazardous material releases arise principally under the Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and analogous state laws that impose strict, joint and several liability on owners and operators of contaminated facilities and parties that arrange for the offsite disposal of hazardous materials. We are not aware of any material noncompliance with the environmental laws currently applicable to our business and we are not subject to any material claim for liability with respect to contamination at any of our facilities or any offsite location. We may have environmental liability associated with historic operations as disclosed in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. We may also become subject to environmental liabilities in the future as a result of other historic or current operations. 
 Conflict Minerals and Supply Chain 
 We are subject to Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act concerning conflict minerals (generally tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold) and similar rules adopted by the EU. Certain of these conflict minerals are used in the manufacture of our products. These rules require us to perform an inquiry of all suppliers regarding the country of origin for materials or components containing conflict minerals necessary to the production or functionality of our products. If any such conflict minerals originated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries (the DRC region ), we must undertake due diligence efforts to determine whether such minerals financed or benefited armed groups in the DRC region. Since our supply chain is complex, our ongoing compliance with these rules could affect the pricing, sourcing and availability of conflict minerals used in the manufacture of our products. 
 We are also subject to disclosure requirements regarding abusive labor practices in portions of our supply chain under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act and the UK Modern Slavery Act. 
 Other Laws and Regulations 
 Our sales and marketing practices are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services pursuant to federal anti-kickback laws, and are also subject to similar state laws. 
 - 11 - 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 Our Board of Directors and the executive team put significant focus on our human capital resources, as we strive to build leadership capability and create a diverse, inclusive work environment that inspires excellence. This cultural framework recognizes the value of individuals as critical to Integer s operational strategy. As of December 31, 2022, Integer employed approximately 10,000 associates in addition to a contingent workforce of approximately 100 to assist with various projects and service functions and address peaks in staff requirements. We are a global company serving markets worldwide. As of December 31, 2022 our workforce is distributed as follows: 
 43 in the U.S.; 
 26 in Mexico; 
 17 in Ireland; 
 8 in the Dominican Republic; 
 3 in both Uruguay and Malaysia; and 
 less than 1 combined in Germany, Israel and Switzerland. 
 Associate Management and Development 
 Leaders at Integer are responsible for managing and developing the talent of their associates. To facilitate leaders efforts, we rely on a Talent Cycle framework, which is a holistic, integrated approach for meeting the human capital needs of Integer. The Talent Cycle (i) defines the major categories of leadership responsibilities in alignment with the employment lifecycle and (ii) prioritizes programs and resources to ensure these responsibilities are executed consistently. Stages of the Talent Cycle include: 
 Planning for current and future capabilities 
 Acquiring the critical talent needed to run our business 
 Engaging our associates to motivate and retain them 
 Differentiating our talent at all levels to foster a performance culture 
 Developing our talent to achieve performance excellence 
 Building leadership capability and promoting associates who have demonstrated strong leadership capability 
 Developing our talent is one of the most critical stages in the Talent Cycle and an ongoing focus at Integer. We have defined a model of core skills and competencies to guide associates in their development planning, and we encourage associates to actively focus on their own development though individual development plans, designed to help each associate be more effective in their current role and to prepare for their next role. Additionally, we regularly conduct talent reviews and succession planning to identify and develop our top leadership talent. Finally, all associates participate in our performance management process, which involves both ongoing feedback and a formal performance evaluation at year-end. 
 Leadership Development 
 Our success as a company is tied to the effectiveness of our leaders in setting direction, aligning resources and engaging our workforce in accomplishing our strategic goals. To that end we have built a foundation of leadership development resources and programs to enhance our leaders capabilities. This includes leadership competencies, 360-degree feedback for senior leadership, and various online and virtual programs aligned to our leadership competencies. 
 Competitive Pay/Benefits and Gender Equity 
 Our total rewards program is designed to attract, retain and motivate associates to contribute to Integer s success, and includes market-competitive elements reflective of the geographies in which we operate. We incorporate many factors into associate pay decisions, including market comparisons of compensation and benefits for similar roles, individual associate skills and experience in their role, individual performance annually and over multiple years, and relative contributions to the Company s short- and long-term success. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage of our global workforce represented by women was 48 . Reflective of our commitment to diverse representation at Integer, we have analyzed the compensation of our senior leadership team and concluded there is no pay gap between genders. 
 - 12 - 

Table of Contents 

 Focus on Diversity, Inclusion and Non-Discrimination 
 Through our values, Code of Conduct, and commitment to Diversity and Inclusion D I ), we strive to create a culture that unifies and embraces the uniqueness each associate brings to Integer, positioning us for long-term success. We are committed to creating a better, more inclusive company in which all of us accept, respect and value one another s individual differences, encouraging different perspectives and ideas that improve team synergy and communication. 
 Our management approach continues to accelerate our D I strategy, creating a robust engagement platform designed to increase innovation and enhance business. We have infused D I into our business processes and created local and global engagement opportunities for associates. 
 Key successes in our strategy include: 
 As of December 31, 2022, 42 of our U.S. based workforce are people of color 
 Globally, 48 of our workforce as of December 31, 2022 are women 
 100 executive leadership actively serve as executive sponsors of D I initiatives 
 Each member of our senior leadership team adopted a culture focused goal, and 31 of these goals relate to D I 
 Continuing with three cross functional governing D I councils, which advance the global D I strategy at all levels of the organization 
 Establishing three additional employee resource groups, bringing our total up to six groups, which are voluntary, employee-led groups of associates who join together based on common interests, backgrounds or demographic factors 
 Empowering D I site champions, whose responsibility it is to promote the Integer s diversity and inclusion initiatives at each of our locations 
 Expanded our Day of Understanding to a month-long observance of D I in 2022 
 As part of our management approach and culture of promoting, protecting and respecting all associates, we continue to encourage a workplace free from discrimination or unlawful harassment. We continue to achieve our goal of 100 of associates globally completing annual Code of Conduct and Anti-Harassment, Non-Discrimination and Anti-Retaliation training. Training is conducted in multiple languages, including English, Spanish and Malay, covering all legal and ethical requirements, and is provided when onboarding all associates hired at Integer and conducted annually thereafter. In addition, all Board members and professional and management associates are required to annually review and certify their understanding of, and agreement to comply with, the Code of Conduct. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is generally not seasonal in nature. However, since most of our customers are large OEM businesses, our sales are influenced by the inventory levels they carry, which can cause shifts in our sales volume as their inventories fluctuate. 
 Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.integer.net . We also make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered a part of this report. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including the Company, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 - 13 - 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Information concerning our executive officers is presented below as of February 21, 2023. The officers terms of office run from year to year until the first meeting of the Board of Directors occurring immediately following our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and until their successors are elected and qualified, except in the case of earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. 
 Joseph W. Dziedzic, age 54, is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of our Board of Directors. He assumed that role on July 16, 2017 following his appointment as interim President Chief Executive Officer on March 27, 2017. Mr. Dziedzic was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Brink s Company from 2009 to 2016, and prior to joining The Brink s Company in 2009, he had a 20-year career with General Electric. 
 Jason K. Garland, age 49, is the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Garland had served as Divisional Vice President Chief Financial Officer, Global Sales, for Tiffany Co. from October 2017 until joining the Company in October 2018, and had served as Divisional Vice President Chief Financial Officer, Diamond Jewelry Supply, for Tiffany Co. from July 2015 to October 2017. From 1995 to 2015, Mr. Garland served in various financial and operational roles at General Electric, including as Chief Financial Officer, GE Industrial Solutions, from March 2010 to June 2015. 
 Jennifer M. Bolt, age 54, is Executive Vice President, Global Operations and ESG, and has served in that position since April 2019. Ms. Bolt was promoted from Senior Vice President to Executive Vice President in March 2022. From October 2015 to April 2019, Ms. Bolt served as President, Electrochem. In November 2017, Ms. Bolt assumed leadership of the Portable Medical product line, and in February 2018, she assumed leadership for the Integer Manufacturing Excellence strategic imperative. From June 2013 to October 2015, she was Vice President, Supply Chain and Operational Excellence for Greatbatch. Ms. Bolt held the position of Vice President, Operations for Electrochem from May 2012 to June 2013, and prior to that served as Director of Operations of our Raynham, MA facility from September 2007 to May 2012. Ms. Bolt joined our Company in May 2005 as the Manufacturing Engineering Manager for our Alden, New York facility. Prior to joining our Company, she served in a variety of engineering and operational roles at General Motors/Delphi and Eastman Kodak. 
 Margaret Carthy, age 59, is Senior Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Affairs. She joined the Company in 2004 and was promoted to her current position in January 2022. Before assuming this role, Ms. Carthy served as Vice President of Quality and Regulatory for our Cardio Vascular product category. Prior to joining our Company, Ms. Carthy was a Quality Regulatory Leader for the European Region at Sola International, now Carl Zeiss. 
 Payman Khales, age 53, is President, Cardio Vascular, and joined the Company on February 20, 2018. Mr. Khales is also the leader for the Integer Market Focused Innovation strategic imperative. Prior to joining Integer, Mr. Khales was the President of the Environmental Technologies Segment at CECO Environmental Company from May 2014 through July 2017. Previously, he was employed by Ingersoll Rand Company where he held a variety of different roles in the United States and Canada, including Vice President Product Management for the global Power Tools division from January 2012 through April 2014, and Vice President Strategic Accounts Channels from February 2010 through December 2011. 
 McAlister C. Marshall, II, age 53, is Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary. He joined the Company in September 2021 on an interim basis and assumed his current role on a permanent basis in January 2022. Mr. Marshall was previously the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer at The Brink s Company from July 2016 until December 2018, after serving as Vice President and General Counsel beginning in September 2008. Mr. Marshall continued to serve as a consultant for The Brink s Company until December 2019. 
 Andrew Senn, age 41, is Senior Vice President, Strategy, Business Development and Investor Relations. Mr. Senn was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President, Strategy and Business Development in January 2022 and assumed the Investor Relations responsibilities in February 2023. From October 2015 to January 2022, Mr. Senn served as Vice President in various roles responsible for research development, marketing and commercial sales. From January 2013 until the Company s acquisition of Lake Region Medical in October 2015, he was responsible for research development and program management for Lake Region Medical. Prior to joining Lake Region Medical, Mr. Senn served as Director of Program Management responsible for electrophysiology systems at St. Jude Medical from June 2009 until January 2013. From June 2003 to June 2009, Mr. Senn served in various engineering and program management roles at Lake Region Medical. 
 Kirk Thor, age 59, is Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. From 2013 until joining the Company in January 2018, Mr. Thor was Vice President for Global Talent Management Organization Effectiveness at Flowserve Corporation. From 2007 to 2012, he served as Vice President for Talent Management Organization Development at JC Penney. In February 2018, he assumed leadership for the Integer Culture strategic imperative. 
 - 14 - 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 
 Some statements contained in this report and other written and oral statements made from time to time by us and our representatives are not statements of historical or current fact. As such, they are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, and these statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to: 
 the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic and supply chain pressures on the Company and our business; 
 future development and expected growth of our business and industry; 
 our ability to execute our business model and our business strategy; 
 having available sufficient cash and borrowing capacity to meet working capital, debt service and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months; and 
 projected contractual debt service obligations. 
 You can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or variations or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially from those stated or implied by these forward-looking statements. In evaluating these statements and our prospects, you should carefully consider the factors set forth below. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary factors and to others contained throughout this report. 
 While it is not possible to create a comprehensive list of all factors that may cause actual results to differ from results expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements or that may affect our future results, some of these factors include the following: 
 operational risks, such as the duration, scope and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the evolving health, economic, social and governmental environments and the effect of the pandemic on our associates, suppliers and customers as well as the global economy; our dependence upon a limited number of customers; pricing pressures and contractual pricing restraints we face from customers; our reliance on third party suppliers for raw materials, key products and subcomponents; interruptions in our manufacturing operations; our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates to maintain and grow our business; the potential for harm to our reputation caused by quality problems related to our products; our dependence upon our information technology systems and our ability to prevent cyber-attacks and other failures; global climate change and the emphasis on ESG matters by various stakeholders; and our dependence upon our senior management team and technical personnel; 
 strategic risks, such as the intense competition we face and our ability to successfully market our products; our ability to respond to changes in technology; our ability to develop new products and expand into new geographic and product markets; and our ability to successfully identify, make and integrate acquisitions to expand and develop our business in accordance with expectations; 
 financial risks, such as our significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and our ability to remain in compliance with financial and other covenants under the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities Senior Secured Credit Facilities economic and credit market uncertainties that could interrupt our access to capital markets, borrowings or financial transactions; financial and market risks related to our international operations and sales; our complex international tax profile; and our ability to realize the full value of our intangible assets; and 
 legal and compliance risks, such as regulatory issues resulting from product complaints, recalls or regulatory audits; the potential of becoming subject to product liability or intellectual property claims; our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights; our ability and the cost to comply with environmental regulations; our ability to comply with customer-driven policies and third party standards or certification requirements; our ability to obtain necessary licenses for new technologies; legal and regulatory risks from our international operations; and the fact that the healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory changes; and 
 other risks and uncertainties that arise from time to time and are described in Item 1A Risk Factors of this report. 
 - 15 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business faces many risks, and you should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this report, including the financial statements and related notes contained in Item 8 of this report, when deciding to invest in us. Any of the risks discussed below, or elsewhere in this report or in our other SEC filings, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our operations have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by the ongoing global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The global spread of COVID-19 and its variants has created significant uncertainty and worldwide economic disruption. COVID-19 has negatively impacted our operating results and may continue to do so in the future. The duration and scope of the impact is uncertain given the evolving health, economic, social and governmental environments. 
 Specific impacts to our business have included delayed and reduced customer orders, increased absenteeism, disruptions in our supply chain, delays in shipments to and from certain countries, and restrictions on our associates ability to travel or work. We expect delayed and reduced customer demand will continue to impact our operations. The pandemic has affected and continues to affect our manufacturing facilities and our associates health. If the operations of any of our manufacturing sites are materially impacted as a result of the pandemic, it may not be possible for us to continue to timely manufacture relevant products at required levels, or at all. We have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and related third-party responses, including from government authorities. Any continued or renewed business closures, operating disruptions, or travel or work restrictions that impact our associates, customers, suppliers or manufacturing facilities will likely continue to adversely affect our operations locally and worldwide and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited, to: governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel, transport and workforce pressures); the impact of the pandemic and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity; the availability of federal, state, local or non-U.S. funding programs; general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, which could be impacted by a number of factors, including limited provider capacity to perform procedures using our products that were deferred as a result of the pandemic. 
 We depend heavily on a limited number of customers, and if we lose any of them or they reduce their business with us, we would lose a substantial portion of our revenues. 
 In 2022, our top three customers collectively accounted for approximately 46 of our revenues. Reductions in demand from these customers, largely because of reduction in demand for medical procedures during the COVID-19 pandemic, has negatively impacted our results of operations during prior fiscal years and may impact our future results of operations if material reductions in demand recur. These customers may not agree to renew or extend our supply agreements with them. Furthermore, many of our supply agreements do not contain minimum purchase level requirements and therefore there is no guaranteed source of revenue that we can depend upon under these agreements. In addition, we are dependent on the continued growth, viability and financial stability of these customers. The markets in which these customers operate are subject to rapid technological change, vigorous competition and short product life cycles. As a result, when these customers are adversely affected by these factors, we may be similarly adversely affected. The loss of any large customer, a material reduction of business with that customer, or a delay or failure by that customer to make payments due to us, would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to pricing pressures from customers and contractual pricing constraints, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Given the highly competitive industry in which we operate, we have reduced prices to some of our customers in recent years and we expect customer pressure for continued price reductions in future periods. These additional price reductions, if they were to occur, may cause our operating results and financial condition to suffer. 
 - 16 - 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third party suppliers for raw materials, key products and subcomponents. Unavailability of, or increased prices for, these materials, products or subcomponents could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our business depends on a continuous supply of raw materials. The principal raw materials used in our business include platinum, stainless steel, gold, titanium, nitinol, lithium, palladium, iridium, tantalum, nickel cobalt, ruthenium, gallium trichloride, vanadium oxide, CFx and plastics. The supply and price of raw materials may be susceptible to fluctuations due to transportation issues, government regulations, price controls, foreign civil unrest, tariffs, worldwide economic conditions or other unforeseen circumstances, including the continuing impact of the global pandemic. Increasing global demand for raw materials has caused prices of certain materials to increase. Significant increases in the cost of raw materials that cannot be recovered through increases in the prices of our products could adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurance that the marketplace will support higher prices or that price increases and productivity gains, procurement deflation projects or savings will fully offset any raw material cost increases in the future. In addition, there are a limited number of worldwide suppliers of several raw materials needed to manufacture our products. For reasons of quality, cost effectiveness or availability, we obtain some raw materials from a single supplier. Although we work closely with our suppliers to seek to ensure continuity of supply, we may not be able to continue to procure raw materials critical to our business at all or to procure them at acceptable price levels. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers, price increases or decreased availability of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to our customers and increase our operating costs. 
 We rely on third party manufacturers to supply many of the products and subcomponents that are incorporated into our products and components. These third party manufacturers have their own complex supply chains and related risks, whether due to the continuing impact of the global pandemic, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or other causes. They are subject to raw material price and availability risks similar to those described above. Manufacturing problems may occur with these and other outside sources, as a supplier may fail to develop or manufacture products and subcomponents for us on a timely basis, or may supply us with products and subcomponents that do not meet our quality, quantity and cost requirements. Third party suppliers are also subject to shipping risks, including container shortages, blocked shipping lanes, and port backlogs. If any of these problems occur, we may be unable to obtain substitute sources for these products and subcomponents on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to us, which could harm our ability to manufacture our own products and components profitably or on time. In addition, to the extent the processes our suppliers use to manufacture products and subcomponents are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable products and subcomponents from alternative suppliers. 
 Our business is also subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign legislation, regulations and trade agreements relating to the materials we import, including the tariffs on steel that the U.S. has imposed and other quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes or restrictions on imports, which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to import materials used in our products at current or increased levels. We cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs quotas, duties (including antidumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed in the future or adversely modified, or what effect such actions would have on our costs of operations. Future quotas, duties or tariffs may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Future trade agreements could also provide our competitors with an advantage over us, or increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Interruptions of our manufacturing operations could delay production and adversely affect our operations. 
 Our products are designed and manufactured in facilities located around the world. In most cases, the manufacturing of specific product lines is concentrated in one or a few locations. If an event (including any weather or natural disaster-related event) occurred that resulted in material damage or loss of one or more of these manufacturing facilities or we lacked sufficient labor to fully operate the facility, we might be unable to transfer the manufacture of the relevant products to another facility or location in a cost-effective or timely manner, if at all. This potential inability to transfer production could occur for a number of reasons, including but not limited to a lack of necessary relevant manufacturing capability at another facility, or the regulatory requirements of the FDA or other governmental regulatory bodies. Other disruptions in our manufacturing operations for any reason, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, or environmental factors could lead to an inability to supply our customers with our products, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and may continue to cause, delays in production, unanticipated costs and lost revenues. In addition, our business involves complex manufacturing processes and the use of various hazardous materials, chemicals and other regulated substances, such as trichloroethylene, that can be dangerous to our associates. We must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the U.S. and abroad in connection with our operations. Although we employ safety procedures in the design and operation of our facilities, there is a risk that an accident or death could occur. Any accident, such as a chemical spill or fire, could result in significant manufacturing delays or claims for damages resulting from injuries, which would harm our operations and financial condition. The potential liability resulting from any such accident or death, to the extent not covered by insurance, could harm our financial condition or operating results. Any disruption of operations at any of our facilities, and in particular our larger facilities, could result in production delays, which could adversely affect our operations and harm our business. 
 - 17 - 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates to maintain and grow our business. 
 We monitor the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make needed investments in RD E projects, capital and our associates that we believe are critical to our long-term success. Our success will depend in large part upon our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate highly skilled associates. There is currently aggressive competition for employees who have experience in technology and engineering. We compete intensely with other companies to recruit and hire from this limited pool, which competition has become more acute since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. The industries in which we compete for employees are characterized by high levels of employee attrition. Although we believe we offer competitive salaries and benefits, we may have to increase spending to attract, train and retain qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates to maintain and grow our business, it could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Quality problems with our products could result in warranty claims and additional costs, could harm our reputation and could erode our competitive advantage. 
 Quality is important to us and our customers, and our products are held to high quality and performance standards. In the event our products fail to meet these standards, we generally allow customers to return defective or damaged products under warranty. We carry a safety stock of inventory for our customers that may be impacted by warranty claims. We reserve for our exposure to warranty claims based upon recent historical experience and other specific information as it becomes available. However, these reserves may not be adequate to cover future warranty claims. If our reserves for warranty claims are inadequate, additional warranty costs or inventory write-offs may need to be incurred in the future, which could harm our operating results. We also could be subject to negative publicity and our reputation could be harmed if we fail to meet quality standards. This could erode our competitive advantage over competitors, causing us to lose or see a material reduction in business from customers and resulting in lower revenues. In addition, we might be required to devote significant resources to address any quality issues associated with our products, which could reduce the resources available for product development and other matters. 
 Our operations are subject to cyber-attacks and other information technology disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 In the ordinary course of business, our operations are, and in the future are expected to continue to be, dependent on digital technologies and information technology IT systems. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including the requirement that many of our office-based employees work from home, at least part-time. As a result, we are increasingly dependent upon our technology systems to operate our business and our ability to effectively manage our business depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of our technology systems and data. We use these technologies and systems for internal purposes, including data storage, processing and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with customers and suppliers. The security of this information and these systems are important to our operations and business strategy. Our IT systems and infrastructure have been, and in the future are expected to continue to be, subject to the risk of cyber-attacks by hackers or malware, or breach due to associate error, malfeasance or other disruptions, including natural disasters, failures in hardware or software, and power fluctuations. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage infrastructure and systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks or other IT disruptions prove insufficient, our business could be disrupted, resulting in numerous consequences, including temporary or permanent loss of, damage to, third party access to, or misappropriation or public disclosure of intellectual property, proprietary or confidential information, or customer, supplier, or employee data; interruption of our business operations; and increased costs required to prevent, respond to, or mitigate such cybersecurity attacks or IT disruptions. In addition, any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed or stolen. These risks could harm our reputation and brand, and our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other third parties, and may result in claims or proceedings against us. In certain circumstances, we may rely on third party vendors to process, store and transmit data for our business whose operations are subject to similar risks. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we maintain insurance for cyber events, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover us against all losses that could potentially result from a breach of our systems or loss of sensitive data. 
 Global climate change and related emphasis on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters by various stakeholders could negatively affect our business or stock price. 
 Customer, investor and employee expectations relating to ESG have been rapidly evolving and increasing. In addition, government organizations are enhancing or advancing legal and regulatory requirements specific to ESG matters. The heightened stakeholder focus on ESG issues related to our business requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards and expectations and the associated reporting requirements. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in noncompliance, the loss of business, reputational impacts, reduced demand for our stock, diluted 
 - 18 - 

Table of Contents 

 market valuation, and an inability to attract customers. In addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional investments that could impact our profitability. 
 Climate changes could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain and could also increase our other operating costs. Further, increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in new or enhanced legal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gas emissions. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Such uncertainty may have an impact on our business, including increased costs of compliance, which may impact our results of operations. 
 We are dependent upon our senior management team and key technical personnel and the loss of any of them could significantly harm us. 
 Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our senior management team and key technical personnel. In general, only highly qualified and trained scientists have the necessary skills to develop our products, which are often highly technical in nature. The loss or unavailability to us of any member of our senior management team or a key technical employee could significantly harm us. We face intense competition for these professionals from our competitors, customers and companies operating in our industry, which competition has become more acute during the term of the COVID-19 pandemic. To the extent that the services of members of our senior management team and key technical personnel would be unavailable to us for any reason, we would be required to hire other personnel to manage and operate our Company and to develop our products and technology, which could adversely impact our business. We may not be able to locate or employ these qualified personnel on acceptable terms or may need to increase spending to attract these qualified personnel. 
 Our energy market revenues are dependent on conditions in the oil and natural gas industry, which historically have been volatile. 
 Sales of our products into the energy market depend upon the condition of the oil and gas industry. We believe it is likely that oil and natural gas prices will continue to fluctuate in the future. The current and anticipated prices of oil and natural gas influence the oil and gas exploration and production industry and are affected by a variety of political and economic factors, including worldwide demand for oil and natural gas, worldwide and domestic supplies of oil and natural gas, the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing, the level of production of non-OPEC countries, the price and availability of alternative fuels, political stability in oil producing regions and the policies of the various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and natural gas reserves. 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could result in greater competition and reduce our revenues and harm our business. 
 Many healthcare industry companies are consolidating to create new companies with greater market power. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services to industry participants will become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price reductions for our products or may undertake additional vertical integration or supplier diversification initiatives. If we are forced to reduce our prices, our revenues would decrease and our operating results would suffer. 
 Strategic Risks 
 If we are unable to successfully market our current or future products, our business will be harmed and our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 If the markets for our products do not grow as we or industry experts forecast, our revenues could be less than expected. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict the rate at which the markets for our products will grow or if new and increased competition will result in market saturation. Slower growth in the cardiac rhythm management, neuromodulation, cardio and vascular, environmental, military or energy markets in particular would adversely impact our revenues. In addition, we face the risk that our products will lose widespread market acceptance. Our customers may not continue to utilize the products we offer and a market may not develop for our future products. 
 We may at times determine that it is not technically or economically feasible for us to continue to manufacture certain products and we may not be successful in developing or marketing replacement products. Additionally, new technologies that we develop may not be rapidly accepted because of industry-specific factors, including the need for regulatory clearance, entrenched patterns of clinical practice and uncertainty over third party reimbursement. If any of these events occurs, our business will be harmed and our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 - 19 - 

Table of Contents 

 We may face intense competition that could harm our business, including competitors, in-sourcing and the possibility of dual sourcing; and we may be unable to compete successfully against new entrants and established companies with greater resources. 
 Competition in connection with the manufacturing of our medical products across all of our product lines, which is fragmented and subject to rapid technological change, has intensified in recent years and may continue to intensify in the future. We encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our medical products are sold from various medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial, operational, personnel, sales, technical and marketing resources than we do and are more well-established. In addition, our medical customers have in the past elected, and may in the future elect, to insource production or implement supplier diversification initiatives. Such actions have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, the customer manufacturing or dual-sourcing some or all of the components or products that we currently supply to them, which could cause our operating results to suffer. 
 If we do not respond to changes in technology, our products may become obsolete or less competitive and we may experience a loss of customers and lower revenues. 
 We sell our products to customers in several industries that are characterized by extensive research and development, rapid technological changes, new product introductions and evolving industry standards. Without the timely introduction of new products, technologies and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete or less competitive over time and we may lose or see a reduction in business from a significant number of our customers. We dedicate a significant amount of effort and resources to the development of our products, technologies and enhancements. Our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, develop or acquire new technologies and enhancements, secure intellectual property protection for our products, and manufacture products in a cost effective manner. We would be harmed if we did not meet customer requirements and expectations. Our inability, for technological or other reasons, to successfully develop and introduce new and innovative products, technologies and enhancements could result in a loss of customers and lower revenues. 
 We intend to develop new products and expand into new geographic and product markets, which may not be successful and could harm our operating results. 
 We intend to develop new and modified products using our existing technologies and engineering capabilities and to continue to expand into new geographic and product markets. These efforts have required and will continue to require us to make substantial investments, including significant RD E expenditures and capital expenditures for new, expanded or improved manufacturing facilities. Additionally, many of the new products we are developing take longer and more resources to develop and commercialize than those products we are currently marketing, including more time and resources required to obtain regulatory approvals. 
 Specific risks in connection with expanding into new products and product markets include: longer product development cycles, the inability to transfer our quality standards and technology into new products, the failure to receive or the delay in receipt of regulatory approval for new products or modifications to existing products, and the failure of our existing customers or the market generally to accept the new or modified products. Our inability to develop new products or expand into new geographic and product markets, as currently intended, could hurt our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are not successful in making acquisitions to expand and develop our business, our operating results may suffer. 
 One facet of our growth strategy is to make acquisitions that complement our core competencies in technology and manufacturing to enable us to manufacture and sell additional or enhanced products to our existing customers and to expand our business into related markets. Our continued growth may depend on our ability to successfully identify and acquire companies that complement or enhance our existing business on acceptable terms. We may not be able to identify or complete future acquisitions. In addition, we will need to comply with the terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and any future financing that we may incur, to pursue and complete future acquisitions. In connection with pursuing this growth strategy, some of the risks that we may encounter include expenses associated with and difficulties in identifying potential targets, the costs associated with unsuccessful acquisitions, and higher prices for acquired companies because of significant competition for attractive acquisition targets. 
 - 20 - 

Table of Contents 

 Successful integration and anticipated benefits of acquisitions cannot be assured and integration matters could divert attention of management away from operations. 
 Part of our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets, which we have done in each of the last four years. If we do not successfully integrate acquisitions we may not realize anticipated operating advantages and cost savings. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate these acquired businesses with our legacy businesses. Integrating and coordinating aspects of the operations and personnel of the acquired business with legacy businesses involves complex operational, technological and personnel-related challenges. This process is time-consuming and expensive, disrupts the businesses of both companies and may not result in the achievement of the full benefits expected by us, including cost synergies expected to arise from supply chain efficiencies and overlapping general and administrative functions. 
 The potential difficulties, and resulting costs and delays, include: 
 managing a larger combined company; 
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures; 
 issues in integrating manufacturing, warehouse and distribution facilities, supply chain, RD E and sales forces; 
 difficulties attracting and retaining key personnel; 
 loss of customers and suppliers and inability to attract new customers and suppliers; 
 unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems; 
 incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing, administration and other systems and processes; and 
 unforeseen and unexpected liabilities related to the acquired business. 
 Additionally, the integration of our legacy businesses with an acquired company s operations, products and personnel may place a significant burden on management and other internal resources. The attention of our management may be directed towards integration considerations and may be diverted from our day-to-day business operations, and matters related to the integration may require commitments of time and resources that could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that might have been beneficial to us and our business. The diversion of management s attention, and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process, could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We may not be able to maintain the levels of operating efficiency that acquired companies have achieved or might achieve separately. Successful integration of each acquisition will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and to eliminate redundant and excess costs. Difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. Because of difficulties in combining and expanding operations, we may not be able to achieve the cost savings and other size-related benefits that we hoped to achieve after these acquisitions. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our operating results may fluctuate, which may make it difficult to forecast our future performance and may result in volatility in our stock price. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter, making forecasting future performance difficult and resulting in volatility in our stock price. These fluctuations are due to a variety of factors, including the following: 
 the impact of the ongoing pandemic and the pace of recovery; 
 timing of orders placed by our customers; 
 our customers approach to inventory management; 
 changes in the mix of our revenue represented by our various products and customers could result in reductions in our profits if the mix of our revenue represented by lower margin products increases; 
 a portion of our costs are fixed in nature, which results in our operations being particularly sensitive to fluctuations in production volumes; 
 increased costs and decreased availability of raw materials or supplies; and 
 our ability to effectively execute on operational initiatives to drive manufacturing efficiencies. 
 - 21 - 

Table of Contents 

 We have significant indebtedness that could affect our operations, financial condition, and cash flows if we fail to meet certain financial covenants required by our debt agreements or if our access to capital markets is interrupted. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 931 million in principal amount of debt outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, our debt service obligations, comprising principal and interest, are estimated to be approximately 78 million for 2023. The outstanding indebtedness and the terms and covenants of the agreements under which this debt was incurred, could, among other things: 
 require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to the servicing and repayment of our outstanding indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, RD E expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, RD E expenditures and other general corporate requirements in the future; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 restrict our ability to make strategic acquisitions or dispositions or to exploit business opportunities; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less outstanding indebtedness; and 
 adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Additionally, our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our debt agreements, if not waived, could cause a default under the applicable debt agreement that requires repayment in full, or acceleration, of debt payments. If that were to occur, there can be no assurance that we would be able to refinance or obtain a replacement financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 The transition away from LIBOR may adversely affect our borrowing costs. 
 In 2017, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced its intention to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. The deadline has been mostly extended and most U.S. dollar-denominated LIBOR maturity tenors will continue to be published until June 30, 2023. Our Senior Secured Credit Facilities use LIBOR as a benchmark for determining borrowing rates but also provides for the use of the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR in the event LIBOR is no longer available. The change to SOFR as the benchmark borrowing rate may result in an effective increase in the applicable interest rate, and thus increased borrowing costs under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities agreement, which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Economic and credit market uncertainty could interrupt our access to capital markets, borrowings, or financial transactions to hedge certain risks, which could adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. 
 To date, we have been able to access debt and equity financing that has allowed us to complete acquisitions, make investments in growth opportunities and fund working capital requirements. In addition, we enter into financial transactions to hedge certain risks, including foreign exchange and interest rate risk. Our continued access to capital markets, the stability of our lenders under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and their willingness to support our needs, and the stability of the parties to our financial transactions that hedge risks are essential for us to meet our current and long-term obligations, fund operations, and fund our strategic initiatives. An interruption in our access to external financing or financial transactions to hedge risk could adversely affect our business prospects and financial condition. 
 Our international sales and operations are subject to a variety of market and financial risks and costs that could affect our profitability and operating results. 
 Our sales outside the U.S., which accounted for approximately 45 of sales for 2022, and our operations in Europe, Asia, Israel, Mexico, South America and the Caribbean are and will continue to be subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including: 
 changes in foreign economic conditions or regulatory requirements; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 local product preferences and product requirements; 
 outstanding accounts receivables that take longer to collect than is typical in the U.S.; 
 difficulties in enforcing agreements through foreign legal systems; 
 less protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.; 
 trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements; 
 work force instability; 
 political and economic instability; 
 transportation delays or interruptions; and 
 complex tax and cash management issues. 
 These risks are also present in connection with our entry into new geographic markets. 
 - 22 - 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, as a result of our international operations, we are subject to exposure from currency exchange rate fluctuations. We purchase forward currency contracts in certain currencies to reduce our exposure; however, these transactions may not be adequate or effective to protect us from the exposure for which they are purchased. Historically, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have not had a material effect on our net financial results. However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a significant impact on our financial results in the future. 
 We have a complex tax profile due to the global nature of our operations and may experience increases and variability in our quarterly and annual effective tax rate due to several factors, including changes in the mix of pre-tax income and the jurisdictions to which it relates, business acquisitions, settlements with taxing authorities, and changes in tax rates. 
 Our global operations encompass multiple taxing jurisdictions. Variability in the mix and profitability of domestic and international activities, identification and resolution of various tax uncertainties, changes in tax laws and rates, and the extent to which we are able to realize net operating loss and other carryforwards included in deferred tax assets and avoid potential adverse outcomes included in deferred tax liabilities, among other matters, may significantly affect our effective income tax rate in the future. 
 Changes in international tax laws or additional changes in U.S. tax laws could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. The EU and many of its member countries, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering tax law changes that would negatively impact our effective tax rate. If tax laws and related regulations change, our financial results could be materially impacted. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is possible such changes could adversely impact our financial results. 
 Our effective income tax rate is the result of the income tax rates in the various countries in which we do business. Our mix of income and losses in these jurisdictions affects our effective tax rate. For example, relatively more income in higher tax rate jurisdictions would increase our effective tax rate and thus lower our net income. Similarly, if we generate losses in tax jurisdictions for which no benefits are available, our effective income tax rate will increase. Our effective income tax rate may also be impacted by the recognition of discrete income tax items, such as required adjustments to our liabilities for uncertain tax positions or our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Our effective income tax rate has fluctuated from 10.4 in 2020, to 8.0 in 2021 and to 14.0 for 2022. A significant increase in our effective income tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our earnings. 
 We have recorded deferred tax assets based on our assessment that we will be able to realize the benefits of our net operating losses and other favorable tax attributes. Realization of deferred tax assets involve significant judgments and estimates which are subject to change and ultimately depends on generating sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character during the appropriate periods. Changes in circumstances may affect the likelihood of such realization, which in turn may trigger a write-down of our deferred tax assets, the amount of which would depend on a number of factors. A write-down would reduce our reported net income, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations or cash flows. In addition, we are potentially subject to ongoing and periodic tax examinations and audits in various jurisdictions, including with respect to the amount of our net operating losses and any limitation thereon. An adjustment to such net operating loss carryforwards, including an adjustment from a taxing authority, could result in higher tax costs, penalties and interest, thereby adversely impacting our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of our total assets. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 1.8 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, representing 64 of our total assets. These intangible assets consist primarily of goodwill, trademarks, tradenames, customer lists and patented technology arising from our acquisitions. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested annually or upon the occurrence of certain events that indicate that the assets may be impaired. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are tested for impairment upon the occurrence of certain events that indicate that the assets may not be recoverable. We may not receive the recorded value for our intangible assets if we sell or liquidate our business or assets. In addition, our significant amount of intangible assets increases the risk of a large charge to earnings in the event that the recoverability of these intangible assets is impaired. In the event of a significant charge to earnings, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, intangible assets with definite lives, which represent 729.6 million of our net intangible assets at December 31, 2022, will continue to be amortized. These expenses will continue to reduce our future earnings or increase our future losses. The accounting for intangible assets requires reliance on forward looking estimates of sales and/or earnings. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the global pandemic, estimating the future performance of our business is extremely challenging and the range of deviation from internal estimates could be more significant in this environment. As of December 31, 2022, the pandemic has not had an impact on the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. A prolonged pandemic could have adverse changes on the underlying estimates, assumptions or judgments and could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 - 23 - 

Table of Contents 

 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 Regulatory issues resulting from product complaints, or recalls, or regulatory audits could harm our ability to produce and supply products or bring new products to market. 
 The products that we design, manufacture and distribute, including our customers finished medical devices, product components that are incorporated into our customers finished medical devices, and our own finished medical devices, are designed, manufactured and distributed globally in compliance with applicable regulations and standards. However, a product complaint, recall or negative regulatory audit may cause our products, including product components and finished medical devices, to be removed from the market and harm our operating results or financial condition. In addition, during the period in which corrective action is being taken by us to remedy a complaint, recall or negative regulatory audit, regulators may not allow our new products or components to be cleared for marketing and sale. 
 If we become subject to product liability claims, our operating results and financial condition could suffer. 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims, which may take the form of a one-off claim from a single claimant or a class action lawsuit covering multiple claimants. Product failures, including those that arise from the failure to meet product specifications, misuse or malfunction, or design flaws, or the use of our products with other components, systems or medical devices not manufactured or sold by us could result in product liability claims or a recall. Many of our products are components that interact with our customers medical devices. For example, our batteries are produced to meet electrical performance, longevity and other specifications, but the actual performance of those products is dependent on how they are utilized as part of our customers devices over the lifetime of their products. Product performance and device interaction from time to time have been, and may in the future be, different than expected for a number of reasons. Consequently, it is possible that customers may experience problems with their medical devices that could require device recall or other corrective action, where our batteries met the specification at delivery, and for reasons that are not related primarily or at all to any failure by our product to perform in accordance with specifications. It is possible that our customers (or end-users) may in the future assert that our products caused or contributed to device failure. Even if these assertions do not lead to product liability or contract claims, they could harm our reputation and our customer relationships. Furthermore, the design and manufacturing of finished medical devices of the types that we also produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. Some of the medical devices that we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted into the human body. A number of factors could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these medical devices. These factors could also result in product liability claims, a recall of one or more of our medical devices or a safety alert relating to one or more of our medical devices. 
 Provisions contained in our agreements with key customers attempting to limit our damages, including provisions to limit damages to liability for negligence, may not be enforceable in all instances or may otherwise fail to adequately protect us from liability for damages. Product liability claims or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome and whether related to a product component or a finished medical device, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation and require us to pay significant damages and could divert the attention of our management from our business operations. The occurrence of product liability claims or product recalls could affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We carry product liability insurance with coverage that is limited in scope and amount. We may not be able to maintain this insurance at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, or at all. This insurance may not be adequate to protect us against product liability claims made against us. 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 
 We rely on a combination of patents, licenses, trade secrets and know-how to establish and protect our rights to our technologies and products. However, these measures afford only limited protection, and our patent rights, whether issued, subject to license or in process, and our other intellectual property protections may be misappropriated, circumvented or invalidated. The laws of some foreign countries do not offer the same level of protection for our intellectual property as the laws of the U.S. Further, no assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed or will file will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate or meaningful protection against competitors or against similar technologies. In addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies that do not infringe our proprietary rights. As patents and other intellectual property protection expire, we may lose our competitive advantage. If third parties infringe or misappropriate our patents or other proprietary rights, our businesses could be seriously harmed. 
 - 24 - 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we cannot be assured that our existing or planned products do not or will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others or that others will not claim such infringement. Our industry has experienced extensive ongoing patent litigation which can result in the incurrence of significant legal costs for indeterminate periods of time, injunctions against the manufacture or sale of infringing products and significant royalty payments. At any given time, we may be a plaintiff or defendant in these types of actions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to prevent competitors from challenging our patents or other intellectual property rights or entering markets we currently serve. 
 In addition to seeking formal patent protection whenever possible, we attempt to protect our proprietary rights and trade secrets by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and third parties with which we do business. However, these agreements may be breached and, if a breach occurs, there may be no adequate remedies available to us and we may be unable to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, practices or procedures. If our trade secrets become known, we may lose our competitive advantages. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property claims, which could be costly and time consuming and could divert our management s attention from our business operations. 
 In producing our products, third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to have infringed on those intellectual property rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may be used in our technology and products. In addition, third parties may claim that our patents have been improperly granted and may seek to invalidate our existing or future patents. If any claim for invalidation prevailed, third parties may manufacture and sell products that compete with our products and our revenues from any related license agreements would decrease accordingly. Former employers of our associates may assert claims that these associates have improperly disclosed to us the confidential or proprietary information of those former employers. We also typically do not receive significant indemnification from parties that license technology to us against third party claims of intellectual property infringement. 
 Any litigation or other challenges regarding our patents or other intellectual property, with or without merit, could be costly and time consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. The complexity of the technology involved in producing our products and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increases these risks. If we are not successful in defending these claims, we could be required to stop selling, delay shipments of, or redesign our products, discontinue the use of related technologies or designs, pay monetary amounts as damages, and satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our customers. Claims of intellectual property infringement may also require us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. However, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We also may be made subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of our products. 
 A failure to comply with customer-driven policies and standards and third-party certification requirements or standards could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 Our customers have in the past, and may in the future, require us to comply with their own or third-party quality standards, business policies, commercial terms, or other policies or standards, which have been, and may continue to be, even more restrictive than current laws and regulations as well as our pre-existing policies or terms with our suppliers, before they commence, or continue, doing business with us. These policies or standards may be customer-driven, established by the market sectors in which we operate or imposed by third party organizations. 
 Our compliance with these heightened or additional policies, standards and third-party certification requirements, and managing a supply chain in accordance with those policies, standards and requirements, could be costly and time consuming, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our operations, customer relationships, reputation and profitability. In addition, our adoption of these standards could adversely affect our cost competitiveness and ability to provide customers with required service levels. In certain circumstances, to meet the requirements or standards of our customers, we may be obligated to select certain suppliers or make other sourcing choices, and we may bear responsibility for adverse outcomes even if these matters are the result of third-party actions or outside of our control. 
 Our failure to obtain licenses from third parties for new technologies or the loss of these licenses could impair our ability to design and manufacture new products and reduce our revenues. 
 We occasionally license technologies from third parties rather than depending exclusively on our own proprietary technology and developments. Our ability to license new technologies from third parties is and will continue to be critical to our ability to offer new and improved products. We may not be able to continue to identify new technologies developed by others and even if we are able to identify new technologies, we may not be able to negotiate licenses on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, we may lose rights granted under licenses for reasons beyond our control or if the license has a finite term and cannot be renewed on favorable terms or at all. 
 - 25 - 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to environmental regulations that could be costly to comply with. 
 Federal, state and local regulations impose various environmental controls on the manufacturing, transportation, storage, use and disposal of batteries and hazardous chemicals and other materials used in, and hazardous waste produced by the manufacturing of our products. Conditions relating to our historical operations, including a former manufacturing facility located in South Plainfield, New Jersey previously operated by a subsidiary of Lake Region Medical, may require expenditures for clean-up in the future that could materially adversely affect our financial results. In addition, changes in environmental laws and regulations may impose costly compliance requirements on us or otherwise subject us to future liabilities. Additional or modified regulations relating to the manufacture, transportation, storage, use and disposal of materials used to manufacture our products or restricting disposal or transportation of batteries may be imposed that may result in higher costs or lower operating results. In addition, we cannot predict the effect that additional or modified environmental regulations may have on us or our customers. 
 Our international operations expose us to legal and regulatory risks, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our profitability and international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to risks relating to changes in foreign legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, our international operations are governed by various U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other similar anti-corruption laws in other countries that prohibit us and our business partners and other intermediaries from making improper payments or offers of payment to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Any alleged or actual violations of these regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, severe criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities and could adversely affect our business, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to various political, economic and regulatory changes that could increase our compliance costs and force us to modify how we develop and price our products. 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated and is influenced by changing political, economic and regulatory factors. Several of our product lines are subject to international, federal, state and local health and safety, packaging and product content regulations, including the European Medical Device Regulation that went into effect in May 2021, which was adopted by the EU as a common legal framework for all EU member states. In addition, medical devices are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar governmental agencies. These regulations cover a wide variety of product activities from design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. Compliance with these regulations is time consuming, burdensome and expensive and could adversely affect our ability to sell products. This may result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated revenues. 
 Furthermore, healthcare industry regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. Federal and state legislatures have periodically considered and implemented programs to reform or amend the U.S. healthcare system at both the federal and state levels. In addition, these regulations may contain proposals to increase governmental involvement in healthcare, lower reimbursement rates or otherwise change the environment in which healthcare industry participants operate. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or remedy past violations of these regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in cessation of portions or all of our operations, impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. In addition, because many of our products are sold into regulated industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. 
 In response to perceived increases in healthcare costs in recent years, there have been and continue to be proposals by the Presidential administrations, members of Congress, state governments, regulators and third-party payors to control these costs and, more generally, to reform the U.S. healthcare system, including by amending, repealing or replacing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. It is unclear how such reforms will progress under the new presidential administration. Elements of health care reform such as comparative effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board, payment system reforms including shared savings pilots and other provisions could meaningfully change the way healthcare is developed and delivered, and may materially adversely impact numerous aspects of our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business is indirectly subject to healthcare industry cost containment measures that could result in reduced sales of our products. 
 Several of our customers rely on third party payors, such as government programs and private health insurance plans, to reimburse some or all of the cost of the procedures in which our products are used. The continuing efforts of governments, insurance companies and other payors of healthcare costs to contain or reduce those costs could lead to patients being unable to obtain approval for payment from these third party payors for procedures in which our products are used. If this occurs, sales of medical devices may decline significantly and our customers may reduce or eliminate purchases of our products, or demand further price reductions. The cost containment measures that healthcare payors are instituting, both in the U.S. and internationally, could reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. 
 - 26 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our principal executive office and headquarters is located in Plano, Texas, in a leased facility. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 17 facilities in the U.S., six in Europe, three in Mexico, two in Asia, one in the Dominican Republic, one in South America, and one in Israel. Of these facilities, 24 were leased and 7 were owned. We occupy approximately two million square feet of manufacturing and RD E space worldwide. We believe the facilities we operate and their equipment are effectively utilized, well maintained, generally are in good condition, and will be able to accommodate our capacity needs to meet current levels of demand. We continuously review our anticipated requirements for facilities and, on the basis of that review, may from time to time acquire additional facilities, expand or dispose of existing facilities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For information regarding certain legal proceedings pending against us, see Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 - 27 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock and Dividends. The Company s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol ITGR. We have not paid cash dividends and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Stockholders. According to the records of our transfer agent, there were approximately 100 holders of record of our common stock on February 10, 2023. Because many of these shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of the ultimate beneficial holders of these shares, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares, for the five year period ended December 31, 2022, the cumulative total stockholder return for Integer Holdings Corporation, the Russell 2000 Index, and iShares US Medical Devices ETF. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 29, 2017 and assumes reinvestment of dividends. No adjustments have been made for the value provided to shareholders for spin-offs. The stock price performance shown on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Company/Index 12/29/17 12/28/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Integer Holdings Corporation 100.00 167.84 177.55 179.23 188.94 151.13 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 87.14 106.65 111.59 143.14 122.41 iShares US Medical Devices ETF 100.00 115.28 155.69 190.94 227.06 182.32 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8 of this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. Unless otherwise stated, all results and comparisons below represent results from continuing operations. 
 Our Business 
 Our business 
 Impact of global events 
 Business acquisitions 
 Product line sales realignment 
 Discontinued operations 
 Financial overview 
 Our Financial Results 
 Fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Cash and other commitments 
 Impact of recently issued accounting standards 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Inventories 
 Acquisition method of accounting 
 Valuation of goodwill and intangible assets 
 Our Business 
 Integer Holdings Corporation is one of the largest MDO manufacturers in the world serving the cardiac rhythm management, neuromodulation, orthopedics, vascular and advanced surgical markets. We also develop batteries for high-end niche applications in the non-medical energy, military, and environmental markets. Our vision is to enhance the lives of patients worldwide by being our customers partner of choice for innovative technologies and services. 
 We organize our business into two reportable segments, Medical and Non-Medical, and derive our revenues from four principle product lines. The Medical segment includes the Cardio Vascular, Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation and Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical product lines and the Non-Medical segment comprises the Electrochem product line. For more information on our segments, please refer to Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 
 Impact of Global Events 
 Global economic challenges, including the impact of the war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic, severe and sustained inflation, a rising interest rate environment, fluctuations in global currencies, and supply chain disruptions may continue to cause economic uncertainty and volatility. The impact of these issues on our business will vary by geographic market and product line, but specific impacts to our business include increased borrowing costs, labor shortages, disruptions in the supply chain, delayed or reduced customer orders and sales, restrictions on associates ability to travel or work, and delays in shipments to and from certain countries. We monitor economic conditions closely. In response to reductions in revenue, we can take actions to align our cost structure with changes in demand and manage our working capital. However, there can be no assurance as to the effectiveness of our efforts to mitigate any impact of the current and future adverse economic conditions and other developments. 
 - 29 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Business Acquisitions 
 On April 6, 2022, we acquired 100 of the equity interests of Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical (collectively Aran ). A recognized leader in proprietary medical textiles, high precision biomaterial coverings and coatings as well as advanced metal and polymer braiding, Aran delivers development and manufacturing solutions for implantable medical devices. Consistent with our strategy, the combination with Aran further increases our ability to offer complete solutions for complex delivery and therapeutic devices in high growth cardiovascular markets such as structural heart, neurovascular, peripheral vascular, and endovascular as well as general surgery. 
 On December 1, 2021, we acquired 100 of the equity interests of Oscor Inc., Oscor Caribe, LLC and Oscor Europe GmbH (collectively Oscor ), privately-held companies with operations in Florida, the Dominican Republic and Germany that design, develop, manufacture and market a comprehensive portfolio of highly specialized medical devices, venous access systems and diagnostic catheters and implantable devices. 
 Refer to Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about the acquisition of Aran and Oscor. 
 Product Line Sales Realignment 
 We have communicated to certain customers our intent to exit certain markets we serve in the Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical product line. We are working closely with these customers to support the transition of these products to other suppliers. Due to quality and regulatory requirements, we expect it will take three to four years to complete this transition and see the corresponding decline in sales. In order to align with the planned exit of those markets and better align with our end markets and product line strategies, product line sales within the Medical segment have been recast to reflect the reclassification of certain products from the historical product lines to the product lines associated with those revenues that will be utilized for future revenue reporting. We believe the revised presentation will provide improved reporting and better transparency into the operational results of our business and markets. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the new product line sales reporting presentation. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Cardio Vascular sales of 32.9 million and 31.7 million, respectively, and Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical sales of 22.8 million and 20.5 million, respectively, were reclassified to the Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation product line. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 In July 2018, we completed the sale of the AS O Product Line within our Medical segment. For all periods presented, financial results reported as discontinued operations relate to the divested AS O Product Line. All results and information presented exclude the AS O Product Line unless otherwise noted. 
 During 2022, we recognized income from discontinued operations of 1.0 million or 0.03 per diluted share. During 2021, we recognized income from discontinued operations of 3.8 million or 0.11 per diluted share. There was no income from discontinued operations during 2020. 
 Refer to Note 20, Discontinued Operations, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information. 
 - 30 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Financial Overview 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared with Fiscal 2021 
 Income from continuing operations for 2022 was 65.4 million or 1.96 per diluted share compared to 93.0 million or 2.80 per diluted share for 2021. These variances are primarily the result of the following: 
 Sales for 2022 increased 13 to 1.376 billion primarily from the Oscor acquisition and continued product demand recovery from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Gross profit for 2022 increased 22.0 million or 7 , primarily from higher sales volume, partially offset by increased cost of sales resulting from labor and supply constraints. 
 Operating expenses for 2022 increased by 36.4 million compared to 2021, due to higher labor costs and restructuring and other charges. 
 Interest expense for 2022 increased by 7.0 million, due to higher interest rates and average debt outstanding. 
 We recognized net losses on equity investments of 7.6 million and 3.1 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gains and losses on equity investments are generally unpredictable in nature. 
 Other (income) loss, net for 2022 and 2021 was income of 0.9 million and 0.1 million, respectively, primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency gains and losses in the respective periods. 
 We recorded provisions for income taxes of 10.6 million and 8.0 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in income tax were primarily due to relative changes in pre-tax income and the impact of discrete tax items. 
 Fiscal 2021 Compared with Fiscal 2020 
 Income from continuing operations for 2021 was 93.0 million or 2.80 per diluted share compared to 77.3 million or 2.33 per diluted share for 2020. These variances are primarily the result of the following: 
 Sales for 2021 increased 14 to 1.221 billion as we began to see our sales return to pre-pandemic levels as the demand for many of our products continued to recover from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Gross profit for 2021 increased 51.3 million or 18 , primarily from higher sales volume and production efficiencies. 
 Operating expenses for 2021 increased by 36.2 million compared to 2020, primarily due to increases of 32.4 million in SG A expenses and 3.5 million in RD E expenses. Included in SG A expenses for 2020 is a net gain of 28.2 million recognized in connection with a patent litigation judgment. Refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information on the patent litigation judgment. 
 Interest expense for 2021 decreased by 6.6 million primarily due to lower interest rates and lower average outstanding debt balances. 
 We recognized a net loss on equity investments of 3.1 million in 2021, compared to a net gain on equity investments of 5.3 million during 2020. Gains and losses on equity investments are generally unpredictable in nature. 
 Other (income) loss, net for 2021 was income of 0.1 million compared to a loss of 1.5 million during 2020, primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency gains and losses in the respective periods. 
 We recorded provisions for income taxes of 8.0 million and 8.9 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The changes in income tax were primarily due to relative changes in pre-tax income and the impact of discrete tax items. 

- 31 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Our Financial Results 
 The following table presents selected financial information derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements, contained in Item 8 of this report, for the periods presented (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): Change Change 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Medical Sales: Cardio Vascular 699,469 593,117 538,240 106,352 18 54,877 10 Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation 532,580 502,288 398,409 30,292 6 103,879 26 Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical 97,502 87,221 101,329 10,281 12 (14,108) (14) Total Medical Sales 1,329,551 1,182,626 1,037,978 146,925 12 144,648 14 Non-Medical 46,545 38,453 35,464 8,092 21 2,989 8 Total sales 1,376,096 1,221,079 1,073,442 155,017 13 147,637 14 Cost of sales 1,017,090 884,109 787,735 132,981 15 96,374 12 Gross profit 359,006 336,970 285,707 22,036 7 51,263 18 Gross profit as a of sales 26.1 27.6 26.6 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 160,578 141,418 109,006 19,160 14 32,412 30 Research, development and engineering 60,918 51,985 48,468 8,933 17 3,517 7 Restructuring and other charges 16,183 7,856 7,621 8,327 106 235 3 Total operating expenses 237,679 201,259 165,095 36,420 18 36,164 22 Operating income 121,327 135,711 120,612 (14,384) (11) 15,099 13 Interest expense 38,632 31,628 38,220 7,004 22 (6,592) (17) (Gain) loss on equity investments, net 7,636 3,143 (5,337) 4,493 143 8,480 (159) Other (income) loss, net (899) (123) 1,522 (776) NM 
 (1,645) NM 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 75,958 101,063 86,207 (25,105) (25) 14,856 17 Provision for income taxes 10,608 8,043 8,949 2,565 32 (906) (10) Effective tax rate 14.0 8.0 10.4 Income from continuing operations 65,350 93,020 77,258 (27,670) (30) 15,762 20 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 1.96 2.80 2.33 (0.84) (30) 0.47 20 
 NM - Calculated change not meaningful. 
 - 32 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Fiscal 2022 Compared with Fiscal 2021 
 The following discussion is a comparison between results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Item 7 of Part II, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022. 
 
 Sales 
 Sales by product line for 2022 and 2021 were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change 2022 2021 Medical Sales: Cardio Vascular 699,469 593,117 106,352 17.9 Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation 532,580 502,288 30,292 6.0 Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical 97,502 87,221 10,281 11.8 Total Medical Sales 1,329,551 1,182,626 146,925 12.4 Non-Medical 46,545 38,453 8,092 21.0 Total sales 1,376,096 1,221,079 155,017 12.7 
 Total 2022 sales increased 13 to 1.376 billion in comparison to 2021. The most significant drivers of this decrease were as follows: 
 Cardio Vascular C V sales for 2022 increased 106.4 million or 18 in comparison to 2021. C V sales for 2022 reflect strong customer demand, as well as sales from the Oscor and Aran acquisitions. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations lowered C V sales for 2022 by 6.3 million. C V sales for 2022 include Aran (since the date of acquisition) and Oscor sales totaling 52.1 million. C V sales for 2021 include Oscor sales since the date of acquisition of 2.9 million. 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation CRM N sales for 2022 increased 30.3 million or 6 in comparison to 2021. CRM N sales for 2022 were driven by the Oscor acquisition, with mid-single digit growth in both cardiac rhythm management and neuromodulation. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations lowered CRM N sales for 2022 by 0.1 million. CRM N sales for 2022 include Oscor sales totaling 41.7 million. CRM N sales for 2021 include Oscor sales since the date of acquisition of 1.8 million. 
 Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical AS O sales for 2022 increased by 10.3 million in comparison to 2021, primarily due to higher demand to support the start of the multi-year Portable Medical exit announced earlier this year. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations lowered AS O sales for 2022 by 0.1 million. 
 Non-Medical sales for 2022 increased 8.1 million or 21 in comparison to 2021. The sales increase reflects energy market growth and strong demand in military and environmental markets. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations did not have a material impact on Non-Medical sales during 2022 in comparison to 2021. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 2022 2021 Gross profit (in thousands) 359,006 336,970 Gross margin 26.1 27.6 
 Gross margin for 2022 decreased 150 basis points compared to 2021, primarily driven by incremental labor and supply chain costs related to increased wages, freight and manufacturing inefficiencies from supply chain disruptions. 
 - 33 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 SG A Expenses 
 SG A expenses comprise the following for 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Compensation and benefits (a) 
 85,876 77,208 8,668 Amortization expense (b) 
 33,136 28,507 4,629 Professional fees (c) 
 14,003 13,040 963 Contract services (d) 
 10,165 8,218 1,947 Travel and entertainment (e) 
 1,690 505 1,185 All other SG A (f) 
 15,708 13,940 1,768 Total SG A expense 
 160,578 141,418 19,160 
 __________ 
 (a) Compensation and benefits increased primarily due to an increase in headcount from the acquisitions of Aran and Oscor. 
 (b) Amortization expense increased due to amortization of intangible assets from the Aran and Oscor acquisitions. 
 (c) Professional fees increased primarily due to inclusion of the operations of Aran and Oscor for all or part of 2022. 
 (d) Contract services expense increased primarily due to higher software costs from information technology enhancements. 
 (e) The increases in travel and entertainment expense was due to a modest return to travel as travel restrictions originally implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic ease. 
 (f) The net increase in all other SG A for 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily attributable to higher rent and insurance from the Aran and Oscor acquisitions. 
 
 RD E 
 RD E expenses for 2022 and 2021 were 60.9 million and 52.0 million, respectively. The increase in RD E expenses for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to investments made to support long-term revenue growth, the timing of program milestone achievements for customer funded programs, and incremental expense due to the Aran and Oscor Acquisitions. RD E expenses are influenced by the number and timing of in-process projects and labor hours and other costs associated with these projects. Our research and development initiatives continue to emphasize new product development, product improvements, and the development of new technological platform innovations. 
 - 34 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 We continuously evaluate our business and identify opportunities to realign resources to better serve our customers and markets, improve operational efficiency and capabilities, and lower operating costs. To realize the benefits associated with these opportunities, we undertake restructuring-type activities to transform our business. We incur costs associated with these activities, which primarily include exit and disposal costs and other costs directly related to the restructuring initiative. Restructuring charges include exit and disposal costs from these activities and restructuring-related charges are costs directly related to the restructuring initiatives. In addition, from time to time, we incur costs associated with acquiring and integrating businesses, and certain other general expenses, including asset impairments. 
 Restructuring and other charges comprise the following for 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Restructuring charges (a) 
 4,920 4,804 116 Acquisition and integration costs (b) 
 10,075 2,544 7,531 Other general expenses (c) 
 1,188 508 680 Total restructuring and other charges 
 16,183 7,856 8,327 
 __________ 
 (a) Restructuring charges for 2022 and 2021 primarily consist of termination benefits associated with our operational excellence and strategic reorganization and alignment initiatives. 
 (b) Amounts for 2022 primarily include expenses related to the Aran and Oscor acquisitions. Amounts for 2021 primarily include expenses related to the Oscor acquisition. The 2022 and 2021 amounts also include 3.1 million and 0.1 million, respectively, of net expense related to adjustments to increase the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities. See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information related to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 
 (c) Amounts include expenses related to other initiatives not described above, which relate primarily to integration and operational initiatives to reduce future costs and improve efficiencies. 
 Refer to Note 11, Restructuring and Other Charges, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information regarding these initiatives. 
 - 35 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Interest Expense 
 Information relating to our interest expense for 2022 and 2021 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Amount Rate Amount Rate Amount Rate (bp) Contractual interest expense 35,282 3.80 21,042 2.99 14,240 81 Loss on interest rate swap 918 0.10 3,406 0.48 (2,488) (38) Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and original issue discount 1,922 0.23 3,251 0.50 (1,329) (27) Loss from extinguishment of debt 
 114 0.01 3,774 0.54 (3,660) (53) Interest expense on borrowings 38,236 4.14 31,473 4.51 6,763 (37) Other interest expense 396 155 241 Total interest expense 38,632 31,628 7,004 
 Interest expense relates primarily to borrowings made under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which consist of a five-year 400 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a five-year term A loan (the TLA Facility ), and a seven-year term B loan (the TLB Facility ). 
 During 2022, contractual interest expense increased due to higher average debt outstanding combined with increasing applicable interest rates. The higher average debt balance outstanding is the result of borrowings to fund the Oscor and Aran acquisitions, while interest rates have continued to climb due to increases in LIBOR which were partially offset by beneficial changes in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities agreement. During the third and fourth quarters of 2021 we entered into and subsequently amended a new Senior Secured Credit Facilities agreement, which among other changes, lowered the interest rate spreads on our Revolving Credit Facility and TLA Facility by 75 basis points and the LIBOR floor on our TLB facility by 50 basis points. 
 Other components of interest expense on borrowings include gains and losses on interest rate swaps and non-cash amortization and write-off (losses from extinguishment of debt) of deferred debt issuance costs and original issue discount. Interest rate swap includes realized (gains) losses on our interest rate swap contract which fluctuate depending on the spread between the rate swap contract fixed rate and TLA Facility floating rate. Compared to the same periods in 2021, amortization of deferred debt issuance costs and original issue discount decreased as a result of the extended maturity under the new Senior Secured Credit Facilities. The losses from extinguishment of debt during 2022 and 2021 were related to prepayments of portions of the Term Loan B facility. 2021 also included a write-off of 3.3 million of deferred issuance costs and unamortized discount in connection with the refinancing of our credit facilities in September 2021. 
 See Note 8, Debt, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information pertaining to our debt. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 11 and 18 , respectively, of our principal amount of debt outstanding has been effectively converted to fixed-rate borrowings through the use of an interest rate swap. We enter into interest rate swap agreements to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the LIBOR rate. See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information pertaining to our interest rate swap agreement. 
 
 (Gain) Loss on Equity Investments, Net 
 During 2022 and 2021, we recognized net losses of 7.6 million and 3.1 million, respectively, on our equity investments. Gains and losses on equity investments are generally unpredictable in nature. During 2021, we recognized impairment charges of 0.1 million related to investments in our non-marketable equity securities. The residual losses for 2022 and 2021 relate to our share of equity method investee gains/losses, including unrealized appreciation and depreciation of the underlying interests of the investee. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the carrying value of our equity investments was 13.9 million and 21.8 million, respectively. See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for further details regarding these investments. 
 - 36 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Other (Income) Loss, Net 
 Other (income) loss, net during 2022 and 2021 was income of 0.9 million and 0.1 million, respectively. Other (income) loss, net primarily includes gains/losses from the impact of exchange rates on transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Our foreign currency transaction gains/losses are based primarily on fluctuations of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro, Mexican peso, Uruguayan peso, Malaysian ringgits, Dominican peso, or Israeli shekel. 
 The impact of foreign currency exchange rates on transactions denominated in foreign currencies included in Other (income) loss, net for 2022 and 2021 were net gains of 1.1 million and 0.1 million, respectively. We continually monitor our foreign currency exposures and seek to take steps to mitigate these risks. However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a significant impact, positive or negative, on our financial results in the future. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 During 2022 and 2021, our provision for income taxes was 10.6 million on worldwide pre-tax income of 76.0 million (effective tax rate of 14.0 and 8.0 million on worldwide pre-tax income of 101.1 million (effective tax rate of 8.0 ), respectively. The stand-alone U.S. component of the effective tax rate for 2022 reflected a 4.9 million provision on 14.4 million of pre-tax book income (effective tax rate of 34.2 versus a 2.0 million provision on 48.3 million of pre-tax book income (effective tax rate of 4.0 for 2021. The stand-alone International component of the effective tax rate for 2022 reflected a 5.6 million provision on 61.5 million of pre-tax book income (effective tax rate of 9.2 versus a 6.0 million provision on 52.8 million of pre-tax book income (effective tax rate of 11.4 for 2021. 
 The provision for income taxes for 2022 differs from the U.S. statutory rate due to the following (dollars in thousands): 
 U.S. International Combined Income before provision for income taxes 14,446 61,512 75,958 Provision at statutory rate 3,034 21.0 12,917 21.0 15,951 21.0 Federal tax credits (including R D) (9,399) (65.2) (9,399) (12.4) Foreign rate differential 1,459 10.1 (9,152) (14.9) (7,693) (10.1) Stock-based compensation 2,009 13.9 2,009 2.6 Uncertain tax positions 2,469 17.1 2,469 3.3 State taxes, net of federal benefit 978 6.8 978 1.3 U.S. tax on foreign earnings, net of 250 deduction 5,225 36.2 5,225 6.9 Valuation allowance (888) (6.1) 694 1.1 (194) (0.3) Other 61 0.4 1,201 2.0 1,262 1.7 Provision for income taxes 4,948 34.2 5,660 9.2 10,608 14.0 
 - 37 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 The provision for income taxes for 2021 differs from the U.S. statutory rate due to the following (dollars in thousands): 
 U.S. International Combined Income before provision for income taxes 48,293 52,770 101,063 Provision at statutory rate 10,141 21.0 11,082 21.0 21,223 21.0 Federal tax credits (including R D) (11,929) (24.8) (11,929) (11.8) Foreign rate differential 1,366 2.8 (6,531) (12.4) (5,165) (5.1) Stock-based compensation (1,084) (2.2) (1,084) (1.1) Uncertain tax positions 18 18 State taxes, net of federal benefit 1,183 2.4 1,183 1.2 U.S. tax on foreign earnings, net of 250 deduction 1,913 4.0 1,913 1.9 Valuation allowance 524 1.0 524 0.5 Other 398 0.8 962 1.8 1,360 1.4 Provision for income taxes 2,006 4.0 6,037 11.4 8,043 8.0 
 Our effective tax rate of 14.0 for 2022 is higher than our effective tax rate of 8.0 for 2021, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of stock-based compensation in 2022 and the non-recurring favorable impact in 2021 of a release of Uncertain Tax Positions relating to the tax years 2017 and 2018 as the Internal Revenue Service IRS effectively concluded its examination of those years during 2021. 
 Our effective tax rate for 2022 differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 due principally to the estimated impact of Federal Tax Credits (including R D credits and Foreign tax credits), stock-based compensation windfalls, and the impact of earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory rates that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate. These benefits are partially offset by the impact of U.S taxes on foreign earnings, including the GILTI provision which requires us to include foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of a deemed return on a foreign subsidiary s tangible assets in our U.S. income tax return. The U.S. tax on foreign earnings is reflected net of a statutory deduction of 50 of the GILTI inclusion (subject to limitations based on U.S. taxable income, if any) and net of FDII that provides a 37.5 deduction to domestic companies for certain foreign sales and services income. The primary foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and the statutory tax rate for each respective jurisdiction include Switzerland (22 ), Mexico (30 ), Uruguay (25 ), Ireland (12.5 and Malaysia (24 ). We currently have a tax holiday in Malaysia through April 2023, provided certain conditions continue to be met. In addition, we acquired manufacturing operations in the Dominican Republic as part of the acquisition of Oscor, and are operating under a free trade zone agreement in the Dominican Republic through March 2034. 
 There is a potential for volatility of our effective tax rate due to several factors, including changes in the mix of pre-tax income and the jurisdictions to which it relates, business acquisitions, settlements with taxing authorities, changes in tax rates, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, we continue to explore tax planning opportunities that may have a material impact on our effective tax rate. 
 It is reasonably possible that a reduction of approximately 1.8 million of the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months as a result of the lapse of the statute of limitations and/or audit settlements. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 7.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate (net of federal impact on state issues), if recognized. 
 - 38 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 24,272 17,885 Working capital 334,546 293,353 Current ratio 2.50 2.84 
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 increased by 6.4 million from December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of cash generated by operating activities, partially offset by purchases of property, plant and equipment and debt principal payments. In addition, the acquisition of Aran resulted in a net cash disbursement of 129.3 million, which was funded by proceeds from borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Working capital increased by 41.2 million from December 31, 2021, primarily from positive working capital fluctuations associated with accounts receivable and inventory aggregating to 95.1 million, which were partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities. During 2022, accounts receivable increased mainly from an increase in sales volume and inventory increased to support higher product demand, sales volume and material stock levels to protect availability of critical components. Accounts payable increased mainly from higher sequential inventory purchases and the timing of supplier payments, while accrued expenses and other current liabilities increased mainly from accrued contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of Aran. 
 At December 31, 2022, 20.4 million of our cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. We intend to limit our distributions from foreign subsidiaries to previously taxed income or current period earnings. If distributions are made utilizing current period earnings, we will record foreign withholding taxes in the period of the distribution. 
 Summary of Cash Flow 
 The following cash flow summary information includes cash flows related to discontinued operations (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 116,381 156,666 Investing activities (200,421) (270,998) Financing activities 92,476 81,986 Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (2,049) 1,025 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 6,387 (31,321) 
 Operating Activities - During 2022, we generated cash from operations of 116.4 million, compared to 156.7 million in 2021. The decrease of 40.3 million was the result of decreases of 12.2 million in net income adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization and 28.1 million in cash flow provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 The decrease in net income adjusted for non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization is from higher compensation and benefit costs, restructuring charges, acquisition and integration expenses, and interest expense partially offset by higher sales volume. The decrease associated with changes in operating assets and liabilities is primarily related to higher sales volume and inventory growth in the current period partially offset by increases from the prior period payment of Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act deferred social security taxes and timing of income tax payments. 
 Investing Activities The 70.6 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to a decrease in net cash paid for business acquisitions 91.3 million and increased purchases of property, plant, and equipment of 21.3 million. 
 Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities during 2022 was 92.5 million compared to 82.0 million in 2021. Financing activities during 2022 and 2021 each included net borrowings of 95.8 million. The net cash inflow for 2022 included 166.0 million in borrowings on our Revolving Credit Facility primarily to fund the Aran acquisition. The net cash inflow for 2021 included 220.0 million in borrowings to fund the Oscor acquisition. We paid 8.1 million of debt issuance costs in connection with the refinancing of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities in 2021. 
 - 39 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Capital Structure - As of December 31, 2022, our capital structure consists of 925.3 million of debt, net of deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discounts, outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and 33 million shares of common stock outstanding. We have access to 256.2 million of borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility, available for normal course of business and letters of credit. We are also authorized to issue up to 100 million shares of common stock and 100 million shares of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, our contractual debt service obligations for 2023, consisting of principal and interest on our outstanding debt, are estimated to be approximately 78 million. Actual principal and interest payments may be higher if, for instance, the applicable interest rates on our Senior Secured Credit Facilities increase, we borrow additional amounts on our Revolving Credit Facility, or we pay principal amounts in excess of the required minimums reflected in the contractual debt service obligations above. 
 Refer to Note 21, Subsequent Events, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information regarding the January 30, 2023 and February 15, 2023 amendments to the 2021 Credit Agreement, the January 31, 2023 Capped Call Transactions and the February 3, 2023 Convertible Notes offering. 
 Credit Facilities - Our 2021 Credit Agreement permits borrowings and other extensions of credit in an initial aggregate principal amount of up to 1 billion (as may be increased from time to time in accordance with the terms). The 2021 Credit Agreement governs our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which consist of a five-year 400 million Revolving Credit Facility, which had available borrowing capacity of 256.2 million as of December 31, 2022, a five-year TLA Facility with outstanding principal balance of 455 million, and a seven-year TLB Facility with outstanding principal balance of 336 million. The Revolving Credit and TLA Facilities mature on September 2, 2026. The TLB Facility matures on September 2, 2028. 
 Our off-balance sheet commitments related to our outstanding letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 were 3.5 million. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, as well as financial covenants for the benefit of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the TLA Facility, which require that we maintain (i) a total net leverage ratio not to exceed 5.50:1.00 (stepping down to 5.00:1.00 for the third fiscal quarter of 2023 through maturity and subject to increase in certain circumstances following qualified acquisitions, but not to exceed 5.50:1.00) and (ii) an interest coverage ratio of at least 2.50:1.00. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these financial covenants. The TLB Facility does not contain any financial maintenance covenants. As of December 31, 2022, our total net leverage ratio, calculated in accordance with our Senior Secured Credit Facilities agreement, was approximately 2.9 to 1.0. For the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, our ratio of adjusted EBITDA to interest expense, calculated in accordance with our Senior Secured Credit Facilities agreement, was approximately 8.7 to 1.0. 
 Failure to comply with these financial covenants would result in an event of default as defined under the Revolving Credit Facility and TLA Facility unless waived by the lenders. An event of default may result in the acceleration of our indebtedness. As a result, management believes that compliance with these covenants is material to us. 
 Refer to Note 8, Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for further description of our outstanding debt. 
 Refer to Note 21, Subsequent Events, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information regarding the January 30, 2023 and February 15, 2023 amendments to the 2021 Credit Agreement, the January 31, 2023 Capped Call Transactions and the February 3, 2023 Convertible Notes offering. 
 - 40 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 Cash and Other Commitments 
 We have material cash requirements to pay third parties under various contractual obligations discussed below. 
 Presented below is a summary of contractual obligations and other minimum commitments as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information regarding self-insurance liabilities, which are not reflected in the table below. 
 Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Principal amount of debt outstanding (a) 
 931,238 18,188 68,687 526,238 318,125 Interest on debt (a) 
 258,296 59,794 114,631 67,492 16,379 Operating lease obligations (b) 
 85,773 13,033 24,112 19,602 29,026 Finance lease obligations (b) 
 10,801 1,402 2,710 1,537 5,152 
 __________ 
 (a) Interest payments in the table above reflect the contractual interest payments on our outstanding debt based upon the balance outstanding and applicable interest rates at December 31, 2022, and exclude the impact of the debt issuance cost and discount amortization and the impact of interest rate swap agreements. Refer to Note 8, Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information regarding long-term debt. 
 Refer to Note 21, Subsequent Events, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for information regarding the January 30, 2023 and February 15, 2023 amendments to the 2021 Credit Agreement, the January 31, 2023 Capped Call Transactions and the February 3, 2023 Convertible Notes offering. 
 (b) Refer to Note 14, Leases, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about our operating and finance lease obligations. 
 Capital expenditures, which are net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment, for 2022 totaled 74.1 million, compared to 53.0 million and 46.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures in 2022 related primarily to upgrades of manufacturing facilities and information technology. We expect 2023 capital expenditures to approximate 100 million to 120 million, with a significant portion related to additional upgrades of manufacturing facilities and information technology, as well as for manufacturing equipment to support productivity initiatives. 
 We have recorded liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits that, because of their nature, have a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payment and other events that extinguish these liabilities. Refer to Note 12, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for additional information about these unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Based on current expectations, we believe that our projected cash flows provided by operations, available cash and cash equivalents and availability under our Revolving Credit Facility are sufficient to meet our working capital, debt service and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, such cash flows are dependent upon our future operating performance which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and to financial, business and other factors, including the conditions of our markets, some of which are beyond our control. If our future financing needs increase, we may need to arrange additional debt or equity financing. We continually evaluate and consider various financing alternatives to enhance or supplement our existing financial resources, including our Senior Secured Credit Facilities. However, we cannot be assured that we will be able to enter into any such arrangements on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate all new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), SEC, or other authoritative accounting bodies to determine the potential impact they may have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information about these recently issued accounting standards and their potential impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 - 41 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We make estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments upon historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in estimates or assumptions could result in a material adjustment to the consolidated financial statements. 
 We have identified several critical accounting estimates. An accounting estimate is considered critical if both: (a) the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (b) the impact of changes in the estimates and assumptions have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. This listing is not a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. For further information regarding the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are measured on a first-in, first-out basis at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate obsolete or excess inventory, as well as inventory that is not of saleable quality. 
 Historically, our inventory adjustment has been adequate to cover our losses. However, variations in methods or assumptions could have a material impact on our results. If our demand forecast for specific products is greater than actual demand and we fail to reduce manufacturing output accordingly, we could be required to record additional inventory write-down or expense a greater amount of overhead costs, which would negatively impact our net income. 
 Acquisition Method of Accounting 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. We recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. Any excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded to goodwill. Determining the fair value of these items requires management s judgment and more often than not the utilization of independent valuation specialists. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair values assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. For more information on our acquisitions and application of the acquisition method, see Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 We make assumptions in establishing the carrying value, fair value and, if applicable, the estimated lives of our intangible and other long-lived assets. Goodwill and intangible assets determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized. Instead, these assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis on the last day of our fiscal year and whenever events or business conditions change that could indicate that the asset is impaired. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (asset group) may not be recoverable. 
 Evaluation of goodwill for impairment 
 We test each reporting unit s goodwill for impairment on the last day of our fiscal year and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. In conducting this annual impairment testing, we may first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value. If not, no further goodwill impairment testing is required. If it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value, or if we elect not to perform a qualitative assessment of a reporting unit, a quantitative analysis is performed, in which the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess, limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 - 42 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

 We performed a qualitative assessment of our Medical reporting unit as of December 31, 2022. As part of this analysis, we evaluated factors including, but not limited to, our market capitalization and stock price performance, macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, cost factors, the competitive environment, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting unit. The assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Medical reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. 
 We elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative analysis for our Non-Medical reporting unit. Resulting from the quantitative analysis, the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the Non-Medical reporting unit by approximately 148 . We do not believe that any of our reporting units are at risk for impairment. However, changes to the factors considered above could affect the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period. We may be unaware of one or more significant factors that, if we had been aware of, would cause our conclusion to change, which could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period. 
 Evaluation of indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment 
 Our indefinite-lived intangible assets include the Greatbatch Medical and Lake Region Medical tradenames. Similar to goodwill, we perform an annual impairment review of our indefinite-lived intangible assets on the last day of our fiscal year, unless events occur that trigger the need for an interim impairment review. We have the option to first assess qualitative factors in determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If we elect not to use this option, or we determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the asset is impaired, we perform a quantitative assessment that requires us to estimate the fair value of each indefinite-lived intangible asset and compare that amount to its carrying value. Fair value is estimated using the relief-from-royalty method. Significant assumptions inherent in this methodology include estimates of royalty rates and discount rates. The discount rate applied is based on the risk inherent in the respective intangible assets and royalty rates are based on the rates at which comparable tradenames are being licensed in the marketplace. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of these assets. 
 We performed a quantitative assessment to test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment as of December 31, 2022. For the Greatbatch Medical tradename, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value) was in excess of its carrying value of 20 million by approximately 294 as of December 31, 2022. The Lake Region Medical tradename had an excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value of approximately 77 and a carrying value of 70 million at December 31, 2022. We do not believe that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are at risk for impairment. However, a significant increase in the discount rate, decrease in the terminal growth rate, increase in tax rates, decrease in the royalty rate or substantial reductions in our end-markets and volume assumptions could have a negative impact on the estimated fair values of either of our tradenames and require us to recognize impairments of these indefinite-lived intangible assets in a future period. 
 Evaluation of long-lived assets for impairment 
 When impairment indicators exist, we determine if the carrying value of the long-lived asset(s) or definite-lived intangible asset(s) including, but not limited to, PP E and right-of-use lease assets, exceeds the related undiscounted future cash flows. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. When it is determined that the useful life of an asset (asset group) is shorter than the originally estimated life, and there are sufficient cash flows to support the carrying value of the asset (asset group), we accelerate the rate of depreciation/amortization in order to fully depreciate/amortize the asset over its shorter useful life. 
 Estimation of the cash flows and useful lives of long-lived assets and definite-lived intangible assets requires significant management judgment. Events could occur that would materially affect our estimates and assumptions. Unforeseen changes, such as the loss of one or more significant customers, technology obsolescence, or significant manufacturing disruption, among other factors, could substantially alter the assumptions regarding the ability to realize the return of our investment in long-lived assets, definite-lived intangible assets or their estimated useful lives. 
 - 43 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 MARKET RISK 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk primarily due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Changes in these rates could result in fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows. We regularly assess these risks and have established policies and business practices to help protect against the adverse effects of these and other potential exposures. However, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could have a significant impact, positive or negative, on our financial results in the future. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We have foreign operations in the Dominican Republic, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Malaysia, Mexico, Switzerland, and Uruguay which expose us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations due to transactions denominated in Dominican pesos, Euros, Israeli shekels, Malaysian ringgits, Mexican pesos, Swiss francs, and Uruguayan pesos. We continuously evaluate our foreign currency risk, and we use operational hedges and forward currency exchange rate contracts, to manage the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on earnings and cash flows. We do not enter into currency exchange rate derivative instruments for speculative purposes. A hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to our most significant foreign currency exposures would have had an impact of approximately 5 million on our 2022 annual sales. This amount is not indicative of the hypothetical net earnings impact due to the partially offsetting impacts on cost of sales and operating expenses in those currencies. We estimate that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during 2022 decreased sales in comparison to 2021 by 6.5 million. 
 We had currency derivative instruments with notional amounts totaling 57.2 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded assets totaling 0.5 million to recognize the fair value of these derivative instruments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts recorded during 2022 related to our forward contracts were decreases in Sales, Cost of sales and Operating expenses of 2.1 million, 2.2 million and 0.4 million, respectively. Refer to Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our outstanding forward contracts. 
 To the extent that our monetary assets and liabilities, including short-term and long-term intercompany loans, are recorded in a currency other than the functional currency of the subsidiary, these amounts are remeasured each period at the period-end exchange rate, with the resulting gain or loss being recorded in Other (income) loss, Net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We recorded net foreign currency transaction gains of 1.1 million for 2022. 
 We translate all assets and liabilities of our foreign operations where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency at the period-end exchange rate and translate sales and expenses at the average exchange rates in effect during the period. The net effect of these translation adjustments is recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements as Comprehensive income (loss). The translation adjustment for 2022 was a loss of 25.6 million and primarily related to the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to the Euro. Translation adjustments are not adjusted for income taxes as they relate to permanent investments in our foreign subsidiaries. A hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to our most significant foreign currency net assets would have had an impact of approximately 37 million on our foreign net assets as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We regularly monitor interest rate risk attributable to our outstanding debt obligations. From time to time, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements in order to reduce the cash flow risk caused by interest rate changes on our outstanding floating rate borrowings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 931 million in principal amount of debt outstanding. Interest rates on our Revolving Credit Facility, TLA Facility and TLB Facility, reset, at our option, based upon the prime rate or LIBOR rate, thus subjecting us to interest rate risk. A hypothetical one percentage point (100 basis points) change in the LIBOR rate on the 831 million of unhedged variable rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 would increase our interest expense by approximately 8 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 11 of our principal amount of debt outstanding has been effectively converted to fixed-rate borrowings through the use of an interest rate swap, in comparison to approximately 18 as of December 31, 2021. We had an interest swap agreement with a notional amount of 100 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We entered into this agreement in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the LIBOR rate. The amount recorded during 2022 related to this interest rate swap was an increase of 0.9 million to Interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, this swap had a favorable fair value of 1.3 million. Refer to Note 8, Debt, and Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report for additional information about our outstanding debt and interest rate swap agreement, respectively. 
 - 44 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 46 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 54 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies 
 55 
 Note 2 - Business Acquisitions 
 65 
 Note 3 - Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 69 
 Note 4 - Inventories 
 69 
 Note 5 - Property, Plant And Equipment, Net 
 69 
 Note 6 - Goodwill And Other Intangible Assets, Net 
 70 
 Note 7 - Accrued Expenses And Other Current Liabilities 
 71 
 Note 8 - Debt 
 72 
 Note 9 - Benefit Plans 
 73 
 Note 10 - Stock-Based Compensation 
 74 
 Note 11 - Restructuring and Other Charges 
 77 
 Note 12 - Income Taxes 
 79 
 Note 13 - Commitments And Contingencies 
 82 
 Note 14 - Leases 
 83 
 Note 15 - Earnings Per Share 
 85 
 Note 16 - Stockholders Equity 
 86 
 Note 17 - Financial Instruments And Fair Value Measurements 
 87 
 Note 18 - Segment And Geographic Information 
 91 
 Note 19 - Revenue From Contracts With Customers 
 94 
 Note 20 - Discontinued Operations 
 95 
 Note 21 - Subsequent Events 
 95 

- 45 - 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The Company s certifying officers are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed and maintained under the supervision of its certifying officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is effective. As permitted by guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission, management excluded from its assessment of its system of internal control over financial reporting the operations associated with Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical, which were acquired on April 6, 2022, and whose financial statements constitute 5 of total assets, 9 of net assets and 1 of sales of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of the acquired business and integrating the acquired business into its system of internal control over financial reporting. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense, to conduct an assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the acquired business. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Dated: February 21, 2023 
 /s/ Joseph W. Dziedzic /s/ Jason K. Garland Joseph W. Dziedzic Jason K. Garland President Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 - 46 - 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Integer Holdings Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Integer Holdings Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 20, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 As described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical, which were acquired on April 6, 2022, and whose financial statements constitute 5 of total assets, 9 of net assets and 1 of sales of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Williamsville, New York 
 February 20, 2023 
 - 47 - 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Integer Holdings Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Integer Holdings Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 20, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Inventories - Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined using the first-in first-out method, or net realizable value. The valuation of inventory requires the Company to estimate obsolete or excess inventory, as well as inventory that is not of saleable quality. Variations in assumptions used could have a material impact to the amount of write-downs for excess, obsolete or expired inventory. A significant change in the timing or level of demand for specific products may result in recording material adjustments for excess, obsolete or expired inventory in the future. 
 Given the amount of judgment required by management in estimating the timing or level of demand forecast for a specific product, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the estimated excess or obsolete inventory, or inventory that is not of saleable quality required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of excess or obsolete inventory or inventory that is not of saleable quality, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s review of the periodic calculation of the valuation for excess or obsolete inventory or inventory that is not of saleable quality. 
 We tested management s process for determining the valuation of inventory, including: 
 - 48 - 

Table of Contents 

 We tested the accuracy and completeness of the source information underlying the determination of the valuation for excess or obsolete inventory, or inventory that is not of saleable quality. 
 We tested the demand forecast by obtaining documentation to support customer orders, contracts with customers, as well as historical and future sales that corroborate the amount stated for the demand forecast. 
 We evaluated whether the methodology and assumptions applied by management are reasonable and consistent with the nature of the inventory. 
 We performed a retrospective review of the prior-year estimates for excess or obsolete inventory, or inventory that is not of saleable quality, to determine whether management s judgments and assumptions relating to those estimates indicate a possible bias. 
 Business Acquisitions Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta Customer Lists Intangible Asset Refer to Note 1 and 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company completed the acquisition of Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical (collectively Aran ), for 141.3 million on April 6, 2022. The Company accounted for the acquisition under the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including recording a customer lists intangible asset of 53.4 million. Management estimated the fair value of the customer lists intangible asset using the multi-period excess earnings method, which is a specific discounted cash flow method under the income approach. The fair value determination of the customer lists intangible asset required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the customer attrition rate and assumptions related to forecasted revenues. Changes to the attrition rate and forecasted revenue assumptions could result in a significant impact on the recognition of the acquired customer relationships and the determination of goodwill. Therefore, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the forecasts and customer attrition rate used by management to determine the fair value of the acquired customer relationships and the assigned goodwill included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the customer lists intangible asset, including management s controls over the determination of the revenue forecasts and the customer attrition rate. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions used in the valuation model to evaluate the change in fair value resulting from changes in the significant assumptions. 
 We evaluated the assumptions and estimates included in the revenue forecasts by: 
 Comparing the revenue forecasts to information included in the Company's communications to its Board of Directors, medical device manufacturing industry reports, and analyst reports for certain of its peer companies; 
 Comparing the revenue forecasts to historical financial results; 
 Conducting inquiries with management; and 
 Evaluating whether the revenue forecasts were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the attrition rate by: 
 We tested the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying historical customer data used to determine the customer attrition rate 
 Our fair value specialists evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and the customer attrition rate by: 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the customer attrition rate used and comparing it to historical customer data. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 20, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1985. 
 - 49 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands except share and per share data) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of provision for credit losses of million and million as 
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Inventories Refundable income taxes Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Operating lease assets Financing lease assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Financing lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 - 50 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research, development and engineering Restructuring and other charges Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense (Gain) loss on equity investments, net ) Other (income) loss, net ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Discontinued operations: Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from discontinued operations Net income Basic earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 - 51 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Comprehensive Income Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) Net change in cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Defined benefit plan liability adjustment, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 - 52 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Debt related charges included in interest expense Inventory step-up amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash (gains) charges related to customer bankruptcy ) Non-cash lease expense Non-cash (gain) loss on equity investments ) Contingent consideration fair value adjustment ) Other non-cash losses Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Contract assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of intangible asset ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from return of capital from equity investments Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments of term loans ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of term loans Proceeds from revolving credit facility Payments of revolving credit facility ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Tax withholding payments related to vested and released restricted stock units ) ) ) Proceeds from contingent consideration Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 - 53 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total stockholders equity, beginning balance Common stock and additional paid-in capital Balance, beginning of period Stock awards exercised or vested ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, end of period Treasury stock Balance, beginning of period ) Treasury shares purchased Treasury shares reissued Balance, end of period Retained earnings Balance, beginning of period Net income Balance, end of period Accumulated other comprehensive income Balance, beginning of period Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of period Total stockholders equity, ending balance 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 - 54 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1.) 
 reportable segments: (1) Medical and (2) Non-Medical. The discontinued operations of the AS O Product Line were reported in the Medical segment. Refer to Note 18, Segment and Geographic Information, for additional information on the Company s reportable segments. 

customers, all in the medical device industry, and, as such, the Company is directly affected by the condition of those customers and that industry. However, the credit risk associated with trade receivables is partially mitigated due to the stability of those customers. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers. Note 19, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, contains information on sales and accounts receivable for these customers. The Company maintains cash deposits with major banks, which from time to time may exceed insured limits. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its banks. 
 - 55 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold and de-recognized accounts receivable and collected cash of million and million, respectively. The costs associated with the supplier financing arrangements were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 - 56 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 - years; machinery and equipment - years; office equipment - years; and leasehold improvements over the remaining lives of the improvements or the lease term, whichever is shorter. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale of an asset, its cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization is removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recorded in operating income or expense. The Company also reviews its PP E for impairment when impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist, the Company determines if the carrying value of its fixed assets exceeds the related undiscounted future cash flows. In cases where the carrying value of the Company's long-lived assets or asset groups (excluding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets) exceeds the related undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. Note 5, Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, contains additional information on the Company s PP E. 
 - 57 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 . 

- 58 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 - years; customer lists - years and other intangible assets - years. Certain trademark assets are considered indefinite-lived intangible assets and are not amortized. The Company expenses the costs incurred to renew or extend the term of intangible assets. 
 The Company reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist, the Company determines if the carrying value of its definite-lived intangible assets or asset groups exceeds the related undiscounted future cash flows. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, the carrying value is written down to fair value. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. 
 The Company assesses its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment periodically to determine if any adverse conditions exist that would indicate impairment or when impairment indicators exist. The Company assesses its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying value. The fair value is determined using the relief from royalty method. 
 Refer to Note 6, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net, for further details of the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 - 59 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 - 60 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company does not offer its customers a right of return. Rather, the Company warrants that each unit received by the customer will meet the agreed upon technical and quality specifications and requirements. If the units do not meet these requirements, the customer can return the non-compliant units as a corrective action under the warranty. The remedy offered to the customer is repair of the returned units or replacement if repair is not viable. Accordingly, the Company records a warranty reserve and any warranty activities are not considered to be a separate performance obligation. 
 - 61 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 62 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

contractual life and generally, vest annually over a vesting term. RSUs typically vest in equal annual installments over a three or period. RSUs issued to members of the Company s Board of Directors as a portion of their annual retainer vest quarterly over a vesting term. Earned PRSUs typically vest from the date of grant. 
 - 63 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net foreign currency transaction (gains) losses included in Other (income) loss, net amounted to million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and primarily related to the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro and the remeasurement of certain intercompany loans. 
 - 64 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (2.) 
 of the equity interests of Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical (collectively Aran ), a recognized leader in proprietary medical textiles, high precision biomaterial coverings and coatings as well as advanced metal and polymer braiding. Aran delivers development and manufacturing solutions for implantable medical devices. Consistent with the Company s strategy, the combination with Aran further increases Integer s ability to offer complete solutions for complex delivery and therapeutic devices in high growth cardiovascular markets such as structural heart, neurovascular, peripheral vascular, and endovascular as well as general surgery. The Company funded the purchase price with borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The total consideration transferred was million, which includes an initial cash payment of million million net of cash acquired) and million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration represents the estimated fair value of the Company s obligation, under the purchase agreement, to make additional payments of up to million million at the exchange rate as of April 6, 2022) based on Aran s achievement of 2022 revenue growth milestones. The earn-out period ended on December 31, 2022 and, in accordance with the terms of the share purchase agreement, payment will be made in the first half of 2023. See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, for additional information related to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 
 The Company has preliminarily estimated fair values for the assets purchased, liabilities assumed and purchase consideration as of the date of the acquisition. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions based on information that was available at the time the consolidated financial statements were prepared. The amounts reported are considered preliminary as the Company is completing the valuations that are required to allocate the purchase price in areas such as property and equipment, intangible assets, liabilities and goodwill. As a result, the allocation of the preliminary purchase price may change in the future, which could be material. 
 Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Definite-lived intangible assets Operating lease assets Other noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 The preliminary fair values of the assets acquired were determined using one of three valuation approaches: market, income or cost. The selection of a particular method for a given asset depended on the reliability of available data and the nature of the asset, among other considerations. 
 The market approach estimates the value for a subject asset based on available market pricing for comparable assets. The income approach estimates the value for a subject asset based on the present value of cash flows projected to be generated by the asset. The projected cash flows were discounted at a required rate of return that reflects the relative risk of the asset and the time value of money. The projected cash flows for each asset considered multiple factors from the perspective of a marketplace participant including revenue projections from existing customers, attrition trends, technology life-cycle assumptions, marginal tax rates and expected profit margins giving consideration to historical and expected margins. The cost approach estimates the value for a subject asset based on the cost to replace the asset and reflects the estimated reproduction or replacement cost for the asset, less an allowance for loss in value due to depreciation or obsolescence, with specific consideration given to economic obsolescence if indicated. These fair value measurement approaches are based on significant unobservable inputs, including management estimates and assumptions. 
 - 65 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Technology Tradenames 
 Customer Lists - Customer lists represent the estimated fair value of contractual and non-contractual customer relationships Aran had as of the acquisition date. The primary customers of Aran include large original equipment manufacturers in various geographic locations around the world. Aran had long-term recurring relationships with customers in both the design services and original design manufacturing segments. These relationships were valued separately from goodwill at the amount that an independent third party would be willing to pay for these relationships. The fair value of customer lists was determined using the multi-period excess-earnings method, a form of the income approach. The estimated useful life of the existing customer base was based upon the historical customer annual attrition rate of , as well as management s understanding of the industry and product life cycles. 
 Technology - Technology consists of technical processes, patented and unpatented technology, manufacturing know-how, trade secrets and the understanding with respect to products or processes that have been developed by Aran and that will be leveraged in current and future products. The fair value of technology acquired was determined utilizing the relief from royalty method, a form of the income approach, with a royalty rate of . The estimated useful life of the technology is based upon management s estimate of the product life cycle associated with the technology before they will be replaced by new technologies. 
 Tradenames - Tradenames represents the estimated fair value of Aran s corporate and product names. The acquired tradenames were valued separately from goodwill at the amount that an independent third party would be willing to pay for use of these names. The fair value of the tradenames was determined by utilizing the relief from royalty method, a form of the income approach, with a royalty rate of . Tradenames were assumed to have a definite useful life based upon management expectations and future operating plans. 
 - 66 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the equity interests of Oscor Inc., Oscor Caribe, LLC and Oscor Europe GmbH (collectively Oscor ), privately-held companies with operations in Florida, the Dominican Republic and Germany that design, develop, manufacture and market a comprehensive portfolio of highly specialized medical devices, venous access systems and diagnostic catheters and implantable devices. Serving the Company s current markets, Oscor broadens the Company s product portfolio, expands its research and development capabilities, and adds low-cost manufacturing capacity. The Company used proceeds from its Senior Secured Credit Facilities to fund the acquisition. See Note 8, Debt, for additional information on the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facilities. Oscor is included in the Company s Medical segment. 
 The Oscor acquisition was structured as a stock purchase, however the parties agreed to coordinate the election of Section 338(h)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code relative to this transaction for tax purposes. Therefore, the excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will be amortized over 15 years for income tax filing purposes. The goodwill was primarily associated with future customer relationships and an acquired assembled work force. 
 During 2022, the Company recorded final measurement period adjustments, inclusive of working capital and other closing adjustments, resulting in increases to goodwill and current liabilities of million and million, respectively, and decreases to current assets (excluding inventory) and inventory of million and million, respectively. The final purchase price, including working capital and other closing adjustments of million, was million. 
 Inventory Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Operating lease assets Other noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) Fair value of net assets acquired 
 Intangible Assets 
 Technology Tradenames 
 Contingent Receivable The Company recorded a contingent receivable related to the Oscor acquisition related to retentive RSU Awards issued to certain Oscor associates. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration receivable at the acquisition date and as of December 31, 2021 was million and was included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, the Company recorded a million reduction in the estimated fair value of the contingent receivable due to voluntary resignation of one Oscor associate. The remaining contingent receivable related to the acquisition date fair value of million was received during 2022 and is reported as a financing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 - 67 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, which included an initial cash payment of million and million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. The contingent consideration represented the estimated fair value of the Company s obligation, under the asset purchase agreement, to make additional payments of up to million if specified conditions are met through February 2024. See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, for additional information related to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 
 Based on the final purchase price allocation, the assets acquired principally comprise million of intangible assets, million of goodwill, million of acquired property, plant and equipment, and a net liability for other working capital items of million. Intangible assets included developed technology, customer relationships and non-compete provisions, which are being amortized over a weighted average period of years. Goodwill for the InoMec acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Actual and Pro Forma (unaudited) disclosures 
 For segment reporting purposes, the results of operations and assets from the Aran, Oscor and InoMec acquisitions have been included in the Company s Medical segment since the respective acquisition dates. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales related to Aran were million and earnings were t material. For the year ended December 31, 2021, sales related to Oscor were million and earnings were t material. For the year ended December 31, 2020, sales related to InoMec were million and earnings were t material. Pro forma financial information has not been presented for the InoMec acquisition as the net effect was not significant or material to the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 Income from continuing operations 
 The unaudited pro forma results are presented for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the realization of potential cost savings, and any related integration costs. Certain costs savings may result from the acquisition; however, there can be no assurance that these cost savings will be achieved. These unaudited pro forma results do not purport to be indicative of the results that would have been obtained, or to be a projection of results that may be obtained in the future. These unaudited pro forma results include certain adjustments, primarily due to increases in amortization expense due to the fair value adjustments of intangible assets, the increases to interest expense reflecting the amount borrowed in connection with the acquisition, acquisition related costs and the impact of income taxes on the pro forma adjustments. 
 Acquisition costs 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, direct costs of these acquisitions of million, million and million, respectively, were expensed as incurred and included in Restructuring and other charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 - 68 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (3.) 
 Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes 

(4.) 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total 
 
 (5.) 
 Buildings and building improvements Information technology hardware and software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Land and land improvements Construction work in process Other Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 
 - 69 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (6. 
 Acquisition (Note 2) Foreign currency translation ) ) December 31, 2021 Acquisition (Note 2) Acquisition-related adjustments (Note 2) Foreign currency translation ) ) December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, accumulated impairment loss has been recognized for the goodwill allocated to the Company s Medical or Non-Medical segments. 
 Intangible Assets 
 The Company reclassified purchased tradenames with a net carrying value of million from Purchased technology and patents as of December 31, 2021 to Amortizing tradenames and other to conform to the current period presentation. The Company made this reclassification to better align with the classification of amortization expense for similar assets. ) Customer lists ) Amortizing tradenames and other ) Total amortizing intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived: Trademarks and tradenames December 31, 2021 Definite-lived: Purchased technology and patents ) Customer lists ) Amortizing tradenames and other ) Total amortizing intangible assets ) Indefinite-lived: Trademarks and tradenames 
 See Note 2, Business Acquisitions, for additional details regarding intangible assets acquired during 2022 and 2021. Included in the Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets are the Lake Region Medical and Greatbatch Medical tradenames with carrying values of million and million, respectively. 
 - 70 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SG A Total intangible asset amortization expense 

(7. 
 Profit sharing and bonuses Contingent consideration Contract liabilities Short-term finance lease liabilities Product warranties Accrued interest Other Total 
 
 - 71 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (8.) 
 Senior secured term loan B Senior secured revolving credit facility Unamortized discount on term loan B and deferred debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 On September 2, 2021, the Company entered into a new credit agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement ), which permits borrowings and other extensions of credit in an initial aggregate principal amount of up to billion (as may be increased from time to time in accordance with the terms). Prior to September 2, 2021, the Company was party to an amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of October 27, 2015. The 2021 Credit Agreement governs the Company s senior secured credit facilities (the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ), which consist of a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a term A loan (the TLA Facility and a term B loan (the TLB Facility and, together with the TLA Facility, the Term Loan Facilities ). The TLB Facility was issued at a discount. The 2021 Credit Agreement also includes an alternative benchmark rate as a replacement to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR in the event LIBOR is no longer available. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on all outstanding borrowings was . 
 The obligations under the 2021 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain specified subsidiaries of the Company. Among other things, the 2021 Credit Agreement contains covenants that restrict the Company s and certain of its subsidiaries ability to incur liens on certain assets, incur indebtedness, make material changes in corporate structure or materially alter the nature of its business, dispose of material assets, engage in mergers, consolidations and certain other fundamental changes, or engage in certain transactions with affiliates. The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary default provisions, including, but not limited to, failure to pay interest or principal when due and failure to comply with covenants. 
 Refer to Note 21, Subsequent Events, for information regarding the January 30, 2023 and February 15, 2023 amendments to the 2021 Credit Agreement, the January 31, 2023 Capped Call Transactions and the February 3, 2023 Convertible Notes offering. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on September 2, 2026 and includes a million sublimit for swingline loans and standby letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available borrowing capacity on the Revolving Credit Facility of million after giving effect to million of outstanding borrowings and million of outstanding standby letters of credit. 
 Interest rates on the Revolving Credit Facility are at the Company s option, either at: (i) the applicable LIBOR (or an applicable benchmark replacement) plus the applicable margin, which will range between and , based on the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), or (ii) the Base Rate (as defined below) plus the applicable margin, which will range between and , based on the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio. The Base Rate is defined, for any day, as the per annum rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement), (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, plus , and (iii) one-month LIBOR plus . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was . 
 The Company is required to pay a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, which will range between and , depending on the Company s Total Net Leverage Ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility was . 
 - 72 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , with LIBOR subject to a floor, or (ii) the Base Rate plus . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rates on the TLA Facility and TLB Facility were and , respectively. 
 Covenants 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, as well as financial covenants for the benefit of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility and the TLA Facility, which require that (i) the Company maintain a Total Net Leverage Ratio not to exceed :1.00 (stepping down to :1.00 for the third fiscal quarter of 2023 through maturity and subject to increase in certain circumstances following qualified acquisitions, but shall not exceed :1.00) and (ii) the Company maintain an interest coverage ratio of at least :1.00. The TLB Facility does not contain any financial maintenance covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 Deferred Debt Issuance Costs and Discounts 
 Amortization during the period ) December 31, 2022 
 The change in unamortized discount and deferred debt issuance costs related to the Term Loan Facilities is as follows (in thousands): Deferred Debt Issuance Costs Unamortized Discount on TLB Facility Total December 31, 2021 Write-off of deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discount ) ) Amortization during the period ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 
 (9. 
 per dollar of each participant s deferral made to the Plan up to of their compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service guidelines. Contributions from employees, as well as those matched by the Company, vest immediately. Net costs related to defined contribution plans for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million , million and million, respectively. 
 - 73 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Net periodic pension cost for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Over the next ten years, the Company expects gross benefit payments to be million in total for the years 2023 through 2027, and million in total for the years 2028 through 2032. 
 
 (10.) 
 plus (ii) the total number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan, plus (iii) any shares of common stock that are subject to awards forfeited, cancelled, expired, terminated or otherwise lapsed or settled in cash, in whole or in part, without the delivery of shares under the 2016 Plan. The 2011 Plan and 2009 Stock Plan have expired and no awards are available for issuance under these expired plans. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under the 2021 Plan. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 RSUs and PRSUs Total stock-based compensation expense Cost of sales SG A RD E Restructuring and other charges Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit recognized for stock-based compensation arrangements 
 - 74 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 stock options granted during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Intrinsic value is calculated for in-the-money options (exercise price less than market price) as the difference between the market price of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022 and the weighted average exercise price of the underlying stock options, multiplied by the number of options outstanding and/or exercisable. Shares are distributed from the Company s authorized but unissued reserve upon the exercise of stock options. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options. 
 Cash received Actual tax benefit for the tax deductions from the exercise of options 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The fair value of RSU shares vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 - 75 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Granted Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 For the Company s PRSUs, in addition to service conditions, the ultimate number of shares earned depends on the achievement of financial or market-based performance conditions. The financial performance condition is based on the Company s sales targets. The market conditions are based on the Company s achievement of a relative total shareholder return TSR performance requirement, on a percentile basis, compared to a defined group of peer companies over performance periods, or contingent upon achieving specified stock price milestones over a performance period. 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PRSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. There were PRSU shares vested during 2022. The fair value of PRSU shares vested during 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of PRSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 The grant-date fair values of the market-based portion of the PRSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were determined using the Monte Carlo valuation model on the date of grant. Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected life (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 The valuation of the TSR portion of the PRSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 also reflects a weighted average illiquidity discount of , and , respectively, related to the six-month period that recipients are restricted from selling, transferring, pledging or assigning the underlying shares, in the event of vesting. 
 - 76 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (11.) 
 Acquisition and integration costs (adjustments) ) Other general expenses Total restructuring and other charges 
 
 Restructuring programs 
 Restructuring-related expenses (a) : 
 Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative Research, development and engineering Total restructuring and restructuring-related charges 
 
 __________ 
 (a) Restructuring-related expenses primarily include retention bonuses and professional fees. Restructuring related expenses for 2021 and 2020 were not material. 
 Operational excellence initiatives 
 The Company s operational excellence OE initiatives mainly consist of costs associated with executing on its sales force, manufacturing, business process and performance excellence operational strategic imperatives. These projects focus on changing the Company s organizational structure to match product line growth strategies and customer needs, transitioning its manufacturing process into a competitive advantage and standardizing and optimizing its business processes. 
 2022 OE Initiatives - Costs related to the Company s 2022 OE initiatives are primarily recorded within the Medical segment or unallocated operating expenses and mainly include termination benefits. The Company estimates that it will incur aggregate pre-tax charges in connection with the 2022 OE initiatives of between approximately million and million, the majority of which are expected to be cash expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, total restructuring and restructuring-related charges incurred since inception were million. These actions are expected to be substantially complete by the end of 2025. 
 2021 OE Initiatives - Costs related to the Company s 2021 OE initiatives are primarily recorded within the Medical segment or unallocated operating expenses and mainly include termination benefits. The Company estimates that it will incur aggregate pre-tax charges in connection with the 2021 OE initiatives of approximately million, the majority of which are expected to be cash expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, total restructuring and restructuring-related charges incurred since inception were million. These actions were substantially complete by the end of 2022. 
 - 77 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in restructuring charges related to cost reduction actions taken in response to higher manufacturing and direct labor costs. These charges consisted of employee termination benefits and are recorded within the Medical segment. The Company expects to incur aggregate pre-tax cash charges of up to million through completion in the second quarter of 2023. 
 2021 SRA Initiatives - During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company initiated plans to exit certain markets served in its Medical segment to enhance profitability and reallocate manufacturing capacity needed to support the Company s overall growth plans. The Company estimates that it will incur a range of pre-tax charges in connection with the 2021 SRA initiatives of approximately million and million, the majority of which are expected to be cash expenditures. Costs related to the Company s 2021 SRA Initiatives are primarily recorded within the Medical segment and mainly include termination benefits. As of December 31, 2022, total charges incurred since inception were million . These actions are expected to be completed by the end of 2025. 
 Manufacturing alignment to support growth 
 In 2022, the Company commenced initiatives designed to reduce costs and improve operating efficiencies by relocating certain manufacturing operations. The Company estimates that it will incur a range of pre-tax charges in connection with these initiatives of approximately million and million, the majority of which are expected to be cash expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, total restructuring and restructuring-related charges incurred since inception were million. These actions are expected to be substantially complete by the end of 2024. 
 Charges incurred, net of reversals Cash payments ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 Acquisition and integration costs 
 Acquisition and integration costs primarily consist of professional fees and other costs related to business acquisitions. 
 During 2022, acquisition and integration costs included million of expenses primarily related to the acquisitions of Oscor and Aran, including a net million adjustment to increase the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities. During 2021, acquisition and integration costs included million of expenses primarily related to the acquisition of Oscor, and a net million adjustment to increase the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration liabilities. During 2020, acquisition and integration costs included million of expenses primarily related to the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of InoMec, and a million adjustment to reduce the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration liability associated with the Company s acquisition of US BioDesign, LLC USB ). See Note 17, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, for additional information related to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 
 Other general expenses 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded expenses related to other initiatives not described above, which relate primarily to integration and operational initiatives to reduce future costs and improve efficiencies. The 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounts primarily include severance, information technology systems conversion expenses, and expenses related to the restructuring of certain legal entities of the Company. 
 - 78 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (12.) 
 International Total income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 State International Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) International ) ) ) ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 Federal tax credits (including R D) ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign rate differential ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions State taxes, net of federal benefit U.S. tax on foreign earnings, net of 250 deduction Valuation allowance ) ) ) ) Other Effective tax rate 
 The difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate in the current year is primarily attributable to the availability of Foreign Tax Credits, R D Credits, the impact of the Company s earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory rates that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate, and the provision for Global Intangible Low Taxed income GILTI ), net of the statutory deduction of 50 of the GILTI inclusion and the Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII deduction (collectively Section 250 deduction ). The Company s foreign earnings are primarily derived from Switzerland, Mexico, Uruguay, Ireland and Malaysia. The Company currently has a tax holiday in Malaysia through April 2023 provided certain conditions continue to be met. In addition, the Company acquired manufacturing operations in the Dominican Republic as part of the acquisition of Oscor and is operating under a free trade zone agreement in the Dominican Republic through March 2034. 
 - 79 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Research and development Inventories Tax credit carryforwards Net operating loss carryforwards Accrued expenses Stock-based compensation Gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) Presented as follows: Noncurrent deferred tax asset Noncurrent deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 2023 International Net operating losses (1) 
 2023 U.S. Federal Foreign tax credits 2023 U.S. State R D tax credits 2023 U.S. State State tax credits 2023 International R D tax credits Indefinite 
 __________ 
 (1) Net operating losses NOLs are presented as pre-tax amounts. 
 - 80 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions based upon tax positions related to the current year Additions (reductions) related to prior period tax returns ) Balance, end of year 
 The tax years that remain open and subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdiction. During 2021, the Internal Revenue Service IRS effectively concluded its examination of the U.S. subsidiaries of the Company for the taxable years 2017 and 2018. Taxable years 2019 and forward remain subject to examination by the IRS. 
 It is reasonably possible that a reduction of approximately million of the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months as a result of the lapse of the statute of limitations and/or audit settlements. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of unrecognized tax benefits would favorably impact the effective tax rate (net of federal impact on state issues), if recognized. 
 The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of Provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company accrued interest of million and penalties during 2022 and recognized an aggregate liability related to interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits of million as of December 31, 2022. During 2021 and 2020, the recorded amounts for interest and penalties were t significant. 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA") 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many governments have enacted or are contemplating measures to provide aid and economic stimulus. These measures may include deferring the due dates of tax payments or other changes to their income and non-income-based tax laws. The CARES Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020 in the U.S., includes measures to assist companies, including temporary changes to income and non-income-based tax laws. The CARES Act provided for deferred payment of the employer portion of social security taxes through the end of 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had deferred payroll taxes related to the CARES Act of million and million, respectively, included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company paid the million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 on the January 3, 2023 due date. 
 The IRA was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes implementation of a new 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and tax incentives for energy and climate initiatives, among other provisions. The Company does not expect the provisions of the IRA to have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 See Note 20, Discontinued Operations, for additional information pertaining to income taxes from discontinued operations. 
 - 81 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (13.) 
 million in October 2020, and after recognizing certain related expenses, recognized a net gain of million. The net gain on patent litigation of million is recorded in Selling, g eneral and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company acquired Lake Region Medical Holdings, Inc. LRM in 2015. At the direction of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection NJDEP ), LRM has been performing, and has agreed to fund approximately million for, environmental investigations of a manufacturing facility LRM owned in South Plainfield, New Jersey from 1971 to 2004, and where it conducted operations from 1971 to 2007. NJDEP required LRM to perform and fund these environmental investigations due to concerns that prior investigations by LRM at the property were inadequate and because NJDEP concluded that the property was a source of local ground water contamination during LRM s operations, including the Franklin Street Regional Groundwater Contamination Area, which has been designated as an immediate environmental concern by NJDEP. LRM funded the environmental investigation undertaken by NJDEP s contractor by placing approximately million in escrow for the environmental investigation. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million had been drawn down from the escrow account by NJDEP to pay for the environmental investigation, and approximately million remains in escrow for anticipated future costs associated with the environmental investigation. These environmental investigations may conclude that remediation of the property by LRM, and the reimbursement of costs and damages, including natural resource damages, associated with the groundwater immediate environmental concern, are necessary. Further, the current owner of the property claims to have been financially impacted by LRM s inadequate environmental investigations. While the Company does not expect this environmental matter will have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows, there can be no assurance that this environmental matter will not become material in the future. As of December 31, 2022, there was million recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in connection with this environmental matter. 
 License Agreements 
 The Company is a party to various license agreements for technology that is utilized in certain of its products. The most significant of these agreements are the licenses for basic technology used in the production of wet tantalum capacitors, filtered feedthroughs and MRI compatible lead systems. Expenses related to license agreements were million, million, and million, for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are primarily included in Cost of Sales. 
 - 82 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions to warranty reserve, net of reversals ) ) Adjustments to pre-existing warranties ) ) Warranty claims settled Acquisitions Ending balance 
 Self-Insurance Liabilities 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These accruals are recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 (14.) 
 Interest on lease liabilities Finance lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost (leases with initial term of 12 months or less) Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost Cost of sales SG A RD E Interest expense Total lease cost 
 The Company s sublease income is derived primarily from certain real estate leases to several non-affiliated tenants under operating sublease arrangements. 
 - 83 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Gross lease liabilities Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities Less: current portion of lease liabilities ) ) Total long-term lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any leases that have not yet commenced. 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 Cash paid for operating leases Cash paid for interest on finance leases Assets acquired under operating leases Assets acquired under finance leases 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company extended the lease terms for of its manufacturing facilities. As a result of these lease modifications, the Company re-measured the lease liability and adjusted the ROU asset on the modification dates. 
 - 84 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (15.) 
 Income from discontinued operations Net income Denominator for basic EPS: Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units Denominator for diluted EPS Basic earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share 
 Performance-vested restricted stock units 
 
 - 85 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (16.) 
 Stock options exercised Vesting of RSUs, net of shares withheld to cover taxes Shares issued and outstanding at end of period 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges ) Realized gain on foreign currency hedges ) ) ) Realized loss on interest rate swap hedges ) Net defined benefit plan adjustments Foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges ) Realized gain on foreign currency hedges ) ) ) Realized loss on interest rate swap hedges ) Net defined benefit plan adjustments ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 - 86 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (17.) 
 Assets: Foreign currency hedging contracts Liabilities: Foreign currency hedging contracts Liabilities: Contingent consideration December 31, 2021 Assets: Foreign currency hedging contracts Liabilities: Interest rate swap Liabilities: Contingent consideration 
 Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company periodically enters into interest rate swap agreements to reduce the cash flow risk caused by interest rate changes on its outstanding floating rate borrowings. Under these swap agreements, the Company pays a fixed rate of interest and receives a floating rate equal to one-month LIBOR. The variable rate received from the swap agreements and the variable rate paid on the outstanding debt will have the same rate of interest, excluding the credit spread, and will reset and pay interest on the same date. The Company has designated these swap agreements as cash flow hedges based on concluding the hedged forecasted transaction is probable of occurring within the period the cash flow hedge is anticipated to affect earnings. 
 The Company receives fair value estimates from the swap agreement counterparties. The fair value of the Company s swap agreements are determined through the use of a cash flow model that utilizes observable market data inputs. These observable market data inputs include LIBOR, swap rates, and credit spread curves. The Company s interest rate swap agreements are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair value of the swap agreements represents the amount the Company would receive (pay) to terminate the contracts. 
 Jun 2023 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 87 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Jun 2023 ) Other long-term liabilities 
 Foreign Currency Contracts 
 The Company periodically enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in its international operations. The Company has designated these foreign currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges. 
 The Company receives fair value estimates from the foreign currency contract counterparties. The fair value of foreign currency contracts is determined through the use of cash flow models that utilize observable market data inputs to estimate fair value. These observable market data inputs include foreign exchange rate and credit spread curves. The Company s foreign currency contracts are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Company s foreign currency contracts will be realized as Sales or Cost of Sales as the inventory, which the contracts are hedging, is sold. 
 Dec 2023 MXN Peso Prepaid expenses and other current assets Mar 2023 UYU Peso Prepaid expenses and other current assets Mar 2023 Euro ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Information regarding outstanding foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2021 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Notional Amount Maturity Date /Foreign Currency Fair Value Balance Sheet Location Dec 2022 MXN Peso Prepaid expenses and other current assets Dec 2022 Euro Prepaid expenses and other current assets Dec 2022 UYU Peso Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 ) Interest expense ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Sales ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Cost of sales ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Operating expenses ) 
 The Company expects to reclassify net gains totaling million related to its cash flow hedges from AOCI into earnings during the next twelve months. 
 - 88 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively, of foreign currency contracts outstanding that were not designated as hedges. The fair value of derivatives not designated as hedges was not material for any period presented. The Company recorded a net gain on foreign currency contracts not designated as hedging instruments of million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in Other (income) loss, net. Each of the foreign currency contracts not designated as hedging instruments will have approximately offsetting effects from the underlying intercompany loans subject to foreign exchange remeasurement. 
 Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 Fair value measurement adjustment Payments 
 ) Foreign currency translation December 31, 2021 Amount recorded for current year acquisitions 
 Fair value measurement adjustment Payments 
 ) Foreign currency translation ) December 31, 2022 
 On April 6, 2022, the Company acquired Aran and on February 19, 2020, acquired certain assets and liabilities of InoMec. See Note 2, Business Acquisitions, for additional information about the Aran and InoMec acquisitions and related contingent consideration. On October 7, 2019, the Company acquired certain assets and liabilities of USB, a privately-held developer and manufacturer of complex braided biomedical structures for disposable and implantable medical devices. The contingent consideration at December 31, 2022 is the estimated fair value of the Company s obligations, under the asset purchase agreements for Aran, InoMec and USB, to make additional payments if certain revenue goals are met. 
 During 2022, the Company made payments associated with the InoMec and USB acquisitions, resulting from achievement of revenue-based goals for the period from March 1, 2021 to February 28, 2022 for InoMec and January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 for USB. During 2021, the Company made payments associated with the InoMec and USB acquisitions, resulting from achievement of revenue-based goals for the period from March 1, 2020 to February 28, 2021 for InoMec and January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 for USB. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the current portion of contingent consideration liabilities included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities was million and million, respectively, and the non-current portion included in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets was million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the fair value of the contingent consideration liability relating to the acquisition of USB was and million, respectively. During the most recent measurement of the USB contingent consideration liability as of December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the probability of meeting the required revenue threshold as unlikely and reduced the the fair value to . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability relating to the acquisition of InoMec was million and million, respectively. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability relating to the acquisition of InoMec was calculated using projected revenue for the remaining earnout period and discounted using a discount rate of . The remaining maximum potential undiscounted payout for the contingent consideration liability relating to the acquisition of InoMec is million, with projected payments in 2023 and 2024. The fair value of the contingent consideration liability relating to the acquisition of Aran was million at the date of acquisition. During the most recent measurement of the Aran contingent consideration liability as of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that Aran achieved the maximum revenue threshold and increased the fair value to million. The contingent consideration related to Aran is expected to be paid in the first half of 2023. 
 - 89 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Monte Carlo Revenue volatility Discount rate Projected year(s) of payment 2022-2024 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Fair value standards also apply to certain assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, contract assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these items. 
 Borrowings under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility, TLA Facility and TLB Facility accrue interest at a floating rate tied to a standard short-term borrowing index, selected at the Company s option, plus an applicable margin. The carrying amount of this floating rate debt approximates fair value based upon the respective interest rates adjusting with market rate adjustments. 
 Equity Investments 
 Non-marketable equity securities Total equity investments 
 
 The components of (Gain) loss on equity investments, net for each period were as follows (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Equity method investment (income) loss ) Impairment charges Total (gain) loss on equity investments, net 
 ) 
 During 2021 and 2020, the Company determined that certain non-marketable equity securities were impaired. In both 2021 and 2020, new equity financings by two of the Company s non-marketable equity securities indicated new values for the investments. During the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of million and million, respectively, to reduce the carrying value of these non-marketable equity securities to their estimated fair value of and million, respectively. The fair values of these investments were derived from observable price changes of similar securities of the investees. During 2022, the Company received a cash distribution representing a return of capital on our equity method investments of million. During 2021 and 2020, the Company received cash distributions representing a return on equity method investments of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company s equity method investment is in a venture capital fund focused on investing in life sciences companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned of this fund. 
 - 90 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (18.) 
 reportable segments: (1) Medical and (2) Non-Medical. This segment structure reflects the financial information and reports used by the Company s management, specifically its Chief Operating Decision Maker, to make decisions regarding the Company s business, including resource allocations and performance assessments. This segment structure reflects the Company s current operating focus in compliance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting . 
 The Company defines segment income from operations as sales less cost of sales including amortization and expenses attributable to segment-specific selling, general, administrative, research, development, engineering and other operating activities. The remaining unallocated operating and other expenses are primarily administrative corporate headquarter expenses and capital costs that are not allocated to reportable segments. Transactions between the segments are not significant. 
 The Company has communicated to certain customers that it is exiting certain markets it serves in the Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical product line. In order to align with the planned exit of those markets and better align to its end markets and product line strategies, the Company recast its product line sales within the Medical segment to reflect the reclassification of certain products from the historical product lines to the product lines associated with those revenues that will be utilized for future revenue reporting. The Company believes the revised presentation will provide improved reporting and better transparency into the operational results of its business and markets. The Company has reclassified the product line sales information for 2021 and 2020 in the table below to conform to the current year presentation. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, Cardio Vascular sales of million and million, respectively, and Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical sales of million and million, respectively, were reclassified to the Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation product line. 
 Cardiac Rhythm Management Neuromodulation Advanced Surgical, Orthopedics Portable Medical Total Medical Non-Medical Total sales 
 Geographic Area Information 
 Non-Domestic locations: Puerto Rico Costa Rica Rest of world Total sales 
 - 91 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E All other customers 
 __________ 
 Less than 10 of segment s total revenues for the period. 
 United Kingdom Rest of world 
 Non-Medical Total segment income from continuing operations Unallocated operating expenses ) ) ) Operating income Unallocated expenses, net ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Non-Medical Total depreciation and amortization included in segment 
 income from continuing operations 
 Unallocated depreciation and amortization Total depreciation and amortization 
 - 92 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Non-Medical Total reportable segments Unallocated assets Total assets 
 Non-Medical Total reportable segments Unallocated long-lived tangible assets Total expenditures 
 Mexico Ireland Rest of world Total 
 
 - 93 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (19.) 
 Customer B Customer C 
 Revenue recognized from products and services transferred to customers over time during 2022 and 2021 represented and , respectively, of total revenue. Substantially all of the revenue recognized from products and services transferred to customers over time during 2022 and 2021 was within the Medical segment. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract liabilities 
 During 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the contract liability balance as of December 31, 2021. During 2021, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the contract liability balance as of December 31, 2020. 
 - 94 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (20.) 
 million and million, respectively, for the release of pre-divestiture indemnified tax liabilities resulting from the lapse of the statute of limitations and the effective settlement of tax audits.) ) Provision for income taxes Income from discontinued operations 
 Cash flow information from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Income from discontinued operations Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 (21.) 
 million at any time outstanding; (ii) permit the Company to enter into bond hedge and capped call transactions; (iii) permit the Company to issue call options, warrants or purchase rights relating to the Company s common stock; provided, in each case, that the terms of any such transaction are customary for transactions of such type. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company entered into a second amendment (the Second Amendment to the 2021 Credit Agreement to, among other things: (i) increase the maximum borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility by million from million to million, (ii) extend the maturity date for both the Revolving Credit Facility and the TLA Facility to February 15 , 2028, (iii) allow for borrowings by the Company under the Revolving Credit Facility denominated in Euros, subject to a sublimit equal to of the maximum borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility, (iv) replace the LIBOR-based reference interest rate option with a reference interest rate option based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, as defined in the 2021 Credit Agreement, and (v) add carveouts to certain negative covenants included within the 2021 Credit Agreement to permit the expansion of capacity in Ireland by the Company and incur indebtedness related thereto. 
 - 95 - 

Table of Contents 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes ), which amount includes the exercise in full of the million option granted to the initial purchasers of the Notes. The Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2023. The Notes will mature on February 15, 2028, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms. The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders, under certain circumstances and during certain periods, into cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted and cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Company s conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. 
 The net proceeds from the offering were approximately million, after deducting fees and estimated expenses payable by the Company. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds to settle in full principal and interest due of million under the TLB Facility, pay down principal and interest due of million under the the Revolving Credit Facility, to pay related fees and expenses, and to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions described below. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding November 15, 2027, the Notes are convertible at the option of the holders of the Notes only under certain conditions. The conversion rate will initially be 11.4681 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock). The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to February 20, 2026. The Company may redeem for cash all or part of the Notes, at its option, on or after February 20, 2026, under certain circumstances at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 The Notes will be the Company s senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes and will rank equally with all of its existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated. The Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, including the Company s obligations under the 2021 Credit Agreement, (to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness) and structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries, including obligations of certain of its subsidiaries under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 On January 31, 2023, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Base Capped Call Transactions with certain of the initial purchasers or their respective affiliates and certain other financial institutions (the Option Counterparties ). In addition, on February 1, 2023, in connection with the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into additional capped call transactions (the Additional Capped Call Transactions, and, together with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the Capped Call Transactions with each of the Option Counterparties. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions will initially be approximately per share and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. 
 The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions entered into by the Company with the Option Counterparties, are not part of the terms of the Notes and will not change the holders rights under the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 - 96 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appears in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report and is incorporated into this Item 9A by reference. 
 a. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) related to the recording, processing, summarization and reporting of information in our reports that we file with the SEC as of December 31, 2022. These disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to us, including our subsidiaries, is made known to our management, including these officers, by our employees, and that this information is recorded, processed, summarized, evaluated and reported, as applicable, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on their evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 b. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 In accordance with guidance issued by the SEC, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their final assessment of internal control over financial reporting for a period not to exceed one year from the acquisition date. Our management s evaluation of internal control over financial reporting excluded the internal control activities of Connemara Biomedical Holdings Teoranta, including its operating subsidiaries Aran Biomedical and Proxy Biomedical (collectively Aran ), which we acquired on April 6, 2022, as discussed in Note 2, Business Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this report. Prior to its acquisition, Aran was a privately-held company not subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the rules and regulations of the SEC, or other corporate governance requirements to which public companies may be subject. We have included the financial results of Aran in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The financial results of Aran constitute 5 of total assets, 9 of net assets and 1 of sales of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing controls and procedures of the acquired business and integrating the acquired business into its system of internal control over financial reporting. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense, to conduct an assessment of internal control over financial reporting for the acquired business. 
 Other than as described above, there were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 - 97 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information regarding the Company s directors appearing under the caption Election of Directors in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information regarding the Company s executive officers is presented under the caption Information About our Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The other information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information regarding executive compensation appearing under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters, including the table titled Equity Compensation Plan Information and under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence under the captions Related-Person Transactions and Board Independence in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is , , PCAOB Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Information regarding the fees paid to and services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP is provided under the caption Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 - 98 - 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 
 (1) Financial statements and financial statement schedules filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer to Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) The following financial statement schedule is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (in thousands): 
 
 (1) 
 ) (4) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) (2) 
 ) (3) 
 ) (2) 
 December 31, 2021 Provision for credit losses 
 ) (4) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) (2) 
 (3) 
 ) (2) 
 December 31, 2020 Provision for credit losses 
 ) (4) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) (2) 
 ) (2)(4)(5) 
 
 (1) Amount reclassified from deferred revenue. 
 (2) Valuation allowance recorded in the provision for income taxes for certain net operating losses and tax credits. Deductions include the expiration of certain net operating losses and tax credits. 
 (3) Includes foreign currency translation effect. 
 (4) Accounts written off and reductions to allowances existing at the beginning of the year. The 2020 amount includes million of accounts receivable recorded during 2019 in connection with a customer bankruptcy. 
 (5) The 2020 deductions include releases of the allowance for net operating losses utilized during that year and return to provision adjustments for prior years. 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 
 - 99 - 

Table of Contents 

 (b) EXHIBITS: EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 2.1 Master Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2018, by and among Greatbatch Ltd., Bandera Acquisition, LLC and, solely for purposes of being bound by Section 10.1(f), Section 10.3 and Section 11.13, Integer Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2018). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Integer Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 1, 2016). 
 3.2 By-laws of Integer Holdings Corporation (Amended as of August 3, 2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 1, 2016). 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Integer Holdings Corporation registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated February 3, 2023, by and between the Integer Holdings Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6 , 2023). 
 4.3 Form of 2.125 Convertible Senior Note due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 hereto). 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2021, among Integer Holdings Corporation, Greatbatch Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2021). 
 10.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, among Integer Holdings Corporation, Greatbatch Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023). 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2023, among Integer Holdings Corporation, Greatbatch Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023). 
 10.4 Incremental Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, among Integer Holdings Corporation, Greatbatch Ltd., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, the Incremental Term A-1 Loan Lenders party thereto and the arrangers and agents party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2021). 
 10.5 Form of Base Capped Call Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6 , 2023). 
 10.6 Form of Additional Capped Called Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6 , 2023). 
 Form of Base Capped Call Confirmation 10.7# Integer Holdings Corporation Retirement Savings Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.8# Integer Holdings Corporation Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 2, 2020). 
 10.9# 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 13, 2009 (File No. 001-16137)). 
 10.10# 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14, 2014). 
 10.11# Greatbatch, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 18, 2016). 
 10.12# Amendment to Greatbatch, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, Greatbatch, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, Greatbatch, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2014). 
 10.13# Second Amendment to Greatbatch, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and Greatbatch, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2016). 
 
 - 100 - 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 10.14# First Amendment to Greatbatch, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2016). 
 10.15# Amendment to Integer Holdings Corporation 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, Integer Holdings Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, Integer Holdings Corporation 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2018). 
 10.16# Amendment to Integer Holdings Corporation 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and Integer Holdings Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.17# Integer Holdings Corporation 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021). 
 10.18# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2014). 
 10.19# Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017). 
 10.20# Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017). 
 10.21# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.22# Form of Financial Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.23# Form of Market-based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.24# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.25# Form of Financial Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.26# Form of Market-based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after February 28, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.27# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2019). 
 10.28# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.29# Form of Financial Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.30# Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.31# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.32# Form of Financial Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 - 101 - 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 10.33# Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10.34# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.35# Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.36# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.37# Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic (for awards granted on or after January 1, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 10.38# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2021). 
 10.39# Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2021). 
 10.40# Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2021). 
 10.41# Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Joseph Dziedzic under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2021). 
 10.42# Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Joseph W. Dziedzic, dated March 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2022). 
 10.43# Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2021). 
 10.44# Form of Change of Control Agreement between Integer Holdings Corporation and its executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2012). 
 10.45# Employment Agreement, dated July 16, 2017, between Integer Holdings Corporation and Joseph W. Dziedzic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2017). 
 10.46# Employment Offer Letter, dated September 14, 2018, between Integer Holdings Corporation and Jason Garland (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2018). 
 10.47# Employment Offer Letter, dated November 30, 2017, between Integer Holdings Corporation and Kirk Thor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 28, 2019). 
 10.48# Employment Offer Letter, dated February 6, 2018, between Integer Holdings Corporation and Payman Khales (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 3, 2020). 
 10.49# Employment Offer Letter, dated April 16, 2019, between Integer Holdings Corporation and Carter Houghton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 3, 2020). 
 10.50# Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 - 102 - 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 21.1 Subsidiaries of Integer Holdings Corporation 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XRBL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 - Filed herewith. - Furnished herewith. # - Indicates exhibits that are management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements required to be filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 - 103 - 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION Dated: February 21, 2023 By /s/ Joseph W. Dziedzic Joseph W. Dziedzic (Principal Executive Officer) President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 - 104 - 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Joseph W. Dziedzic President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 21, 2023 Joseph W. Dziedzic (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Jason K. Garland Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 Jason K. Garland (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Tom P. Thomas Vice President, Corporate Controller February 21, 2023 Tom P. Thomas (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Pamela G. Bailey Chair February 21, 2023 Pamela G. Bailey /s/ Sheila Antrum Director February 21, 2023 Sheila Antrum /s/ Cheryl C. Capps Director February 21, 2023 Cheryl C. Capps /s/ James F. Hinrichs Director February 21, 2023 James F. Hinrichs /s/ Jean M. Hobby Director February 21, 2023 Jean M. Hobby /s/ Tyrone Jeffers Director February 21, 2023 Tyrone Jeffers /s/ M. Craig Maxwell Director February 21, 2023 M. Craig Maxwell /s/ Filippo Passerini Director February 21, 2023 Filippo Passerini /s/ Donald J. Spence Director February 21, 2023 Donald J. Spence /s/ William B. Summers, Jr. Director February 21, 2023 William B. Summers, Jr. 
 
 - 105 - 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 itgr-20221231ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF INTEGER HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Accellent LLC Colorado Brivant Limited, d b a Lake Region Medical Ireland Centro de Construcci n de Cardioestimuladores del Uruguay SA Uruguay Electrochem Solutions, Inc. Massachusetts Greatbatch LLC Delaware Greatbatch Ltd., d b a Greatbatch Medical New York Greatbatch Medical, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Greatbatch Medical SA Switzerland Greatbatch MCSO, S. de R.L. de C.V Mexico Greatbatch Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Integer EBDO SA Switzerland Integer SMI Ltd. Israel Integer Ireland Medical Limited Ireland Lake Region Manufacturing, Inc., d b a Lake Region Medical Minnesota Lake Region Medical Limited Ireland Lake Region Medical, Inc., d b a Lake Region Medical Maryland Lake Region Medical Holdings Limited Ireland Lake Region Medical Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Lake (Shanghai) Medical Device Trading Co., Ltd. China Oscor Inc Florida Oscor Caribe LLC Florida Oscor Europe GmbH Germany Venusa de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Venusa, Ltd New York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 itgr-20221231ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-61476, 333-97209, 333-129002, 333-143519, 333-161159, 333-174559, 333-184604, 333-196320, 333-211609 and 333-256404 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-210967 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 20, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Integer Holdings Corporation (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Williamsville, New York 
 February 20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 itgr-20221231ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Joseph W. Dziedzic, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Integer Holdings Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated 
 February 21, 2023 s Joseph W. Dziedzic 
 Joseph W. Dziedzic 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 itgr-20221231ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jason K. Garland, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Integer Holdings Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated 
 February 21, 2023 s Jason K. Garland Jason K. Garland Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 itgr-20221231ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Integer Holdings Corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated 
 February 21, 2023 s Joseph W. Dziedzic 
 Joseph W. Dziedzic President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated 
 February 21, 2023 s Jason K. Garland Jason K. Garland Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

