<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1829802_0000950170-23-010432.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36970479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>596597</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>25317302</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6059533</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2014753</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2693443</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010432.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329073110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010432
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829802
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39980
		FILM NUMBER:		23771766

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		620 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20879
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(240) 243-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		620 PROFESSIONAL DRIVE
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20879

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010432.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 snse-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s second fiscal quarter), the Registrant's aggregate market value of its voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately million based on the closing sale price of 2.27 per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 67 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 67 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 67 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 68 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 68 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 69 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 77 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 78 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 78 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 79 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 79 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 

Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statement 
 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report ), including, without limitation, statements under Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report, words and phrases such as designed to, intended to, may, might, can, will, to be, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, objective, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project, potential, likely, continue and ongoing, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 Any statements in this Report, or incorporated herein, about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. Within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, these forward-looking statements include statements regarding: 
 
 the ability of our preclinical studies and future clinical trials to demonstrate acceptable safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

business disruptions affecting the initiation, patient enrollment, development and operation of our clinical trials, including a public health emergency, such as the global outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus; 

the timing, progress and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current and future product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of studies or trials and related preparatory work, the period during which the results of the trials will become available, and our research and development programs; 

the timing, scope and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals, including Investigational New Drug, or IND, submissions for our product candidates; 

our ability to develop and advance our current product candidates and programs into, and successfully complete, clinical trials; 

our manufacturing, commercialization, and marketing capabilities and strategy; 

the need to hire additional personnel and our ability to attract and retain such personnel; 

the size of the market opportunity for our product candidates, including our estimates of the number of patients who suffer from the diseases we are targeting; 

our expectations regarding the approval and use of our product candidates as first, second or subsequent lines of therapy or in combination with other drugs; 

our competitive position and the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 

the characteristics and therapeutic effects of our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

our plans relating to the further development of our product candidates, including additional indications we may pursue; 

our intellectual property position, including the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering product candidates we may develop, including the validity of intellectual property rights held by third parties, and our ability not to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any third-party intellectual property rights; 

our reliance on third parties to conduct planned clinical trials of our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain, and negotiate favorable terms of, any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements that may be necessary or desirable to develop, manufacture or commercialize our product candidates; 

the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates we may develop, if approved; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of our current and future product candidates; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our financial performance and our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; 

the period over which we estimate our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements; 

the impact of laws and regulations; 

our expectations regarding the period during which we will qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; and 

our anticipated use of our existing resources and the proceeds of any offerings of our securities. 

These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or developments occurring after the date of this Report, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overview 
 We are an immuno-oncology company focused on the discovery and development of next-generation therapeutics for cancer patients. Through our TMAb (Tumor Microenvironment Activated Biologics) platform, we are developing highly selective therapeutics designed to disable immunosuppressive signals or activate immunostimulatory signals selectively in the tumor microenvironment to unleash T cells against tumors. Our strategy is to generate novel product candidates that incorporate next-generation technologies or approaches using our robust set of R D capabilities. We plan to efficiently develop these product candidates by incorporating state-of-the-art biomarker approaches and mechanistic understanding into clinical trial designs targeted to well-defined patient populations. 
 We have developed our TMAb platform to address resistance to immunotherapy and believe our product candidates and TMAb technology represent large market opportunities. For example, therapeutic drugs targeting the programmed cell death protein 1, or PD-1, and its related ligand, or PD-L1, have emerged as one of the most promising classes of therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. Drugs utilizing PD-1 blockade have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to treat at least 20 different types of cancer and, in 2020, generated sales of approximately 30 billion worldwide. By 2026, the total global market for drugs utilizing PD-1 blockade is estimated to exceed 90 billion. However, despite the widespread use of checkpoint inhibitors, approximately 70 of patients do not achieve survival benefit from treatment. 
 Our Pipeline 
 We believe there are multiple opportunities and significant potential for patients within our product pipeline. Each program, summarized in the chart below, is derived from our TMAb platform and targets immunosuppressive signals. 
 
 We currently have three investigational product candidates in various stages of early development: 
 SNS-101 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint VISTA (V-domain Ig suppressor of T-cell activation). In March 2023 we submitted an IND to the FDA for a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Subject to regulatory clearance, we are planning to initiate a first-in-human Phase 1/2 open-label, multi-center, dose escalation and expansion study trial in 2023 to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of SNS-101 as monotherapy and/or in combination with Libtayo (cemiplimab) in patients with advanced solid tumors. 

SNS-102 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting VSIG4 (V-Set and Immunoglobulin Domain Containing 4), an immune checkpoint often expressed on macrophages. We have identified eight parental pH-sensitive VSIG4 antibodies, which have undergone further lead optimization and are currently being characterized. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 

SNS-103 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting ENTPDase1 (ecto-nucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase-1), also known as CD39. We have identified eight parental pH-selective CD39 antibodies, and a lead antibody set is currently undergoing further optimization. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 

Upon successful candidate selection for SNS-102 and/or SNS-103, we expect to initiate IND-enabling studies for at least one product candidate. We have also initiated early discovery efforts for a potential fourth TMAb product candidate that is being designed to activate immunostimulatory signals. 
 Our TMAb Platform 
 1 

Our TMAb platform is designed to unleash the anti-tumor potential of T cells and is comprised of human monoclonal antibodies that are selectively active in the tumor microenvironment and target immune checkpoints or other critical immune pathways. Selective activation within the tumor is a critical aspect of TMAb and has the potential to unlock previously undruggable immune targets for use in oncology applications. 
 There are several unique features of tumors that TMAb antibodies can leverage to design antibodies that are selectively active within the tumor while potentially displaying little or no activity outside the tumor. One key differentiating feature of tumors relative to most normal human tissue is their relative acidity or low pH, which is typically approximately pH 6.0 compared with normal physiologic pH of 7.4. The acidic environment within tumors is a result of their altered metabolic program, utilizing aerobic glycolysis, resulting in lactic acid production (so called Warburg effect). 
 Other TMAb approaches could potentially leverage other divergent biochemical parameters such as altered REDOX state, high extracellular ATP or DNA, and hypoxia. We utilize yeast-based surface display technology of antibody libraries to identify rare clones, which exhibit desired binding properties under these tumor-like biochemical parameters (e.g., selective binding to target at pH 6.0 versus pH 7.4). 
 
 pH-sensitive Antibodies Designed to Bind Their Targets Only in a Low pH Environment 
 
 Our Portfolio of Product Candidates 
 SNS-101: Conditionally Active Monoclonal Antibody Targeting VISTA 
 We believe that anti-VISTA antibodies have the potential to become the backbone of the next generation of cancer immunotherapy. Based on our expertise and deep understanding of this myeloid checkpoint target, our conditionally active human monoclonal antibody targeting VISTA is designed to overcome the challenges of the previous generation of anti-VISTA monoclonal antibodies, and we believe it has the potential to become first anti-VISTA monoclonal antibody approved as a therapeutic agent. 
 VISTA is an important immunoregulatory target and is highly expressed on various immune system cells, though predominantly myeloid lineage cells, including neutrophils, monocytes, macrophages, basophils and dendritic cells, or DCs. While expressed on CD4 T helper cells and certain T regulatory cells, it exhibits much lower expression on CD8 cytotoxic T lymphocytes, or CTLs. Effective cancer immunotherapy is often confounded by immune checkpoints such as VISTA and VISTA s presence within tumors is often indicative of a poor prognosis. Effective VISTA blockade appears to dramatically modulate the tumor microenvironment towards a state that favors an immune system response, resulting in improved T cell effector function and anti-tumor activity. 
 2 

VISTA has been historically challenging to target for cancer therapy for several reasons. Because significant amounts of VISTA are expressed in immune cells of the blood, the binding of anti-VISTA antibodies using traditional technologies occurs at significant levels outside of the tumor, resulting in a phenomenon known as target-mediated drug disposition, or TMDD. TMDD presents a pharmacological sink effect whereby the antibody is effectively drained from the body by binding to VISTA on normal cells in the blood, effectively limiting distribution of anti-VISTA monoclonal antibodies within the tumor. Thus, TMDD results in the need for ever-higher doses to reach a biological active concentration within the tumor and, subsequently, increases the likelihood of on-target, off-tumor toxicity. 
 The second reason anti-VISTA drug development has lagged behind other checkpoints (e.g., PD-1) is that until recently the critical inhibitory receptor on T cells was not known. Recently, however, the primary receptor on T cells that is critical to VISTA s immune checkpoint function within the tumor microenvironment was discovered: PSGL-1 (P-selectin glycoprotein ligand-1). Importantly, the VISTA:PSGL-1 interaction only occurs at low pH (~pH 6), like that found within the tumor microenvironment. The high affinity interaction between VISTA and PSGL-1 at low pH is strictly dependent upon protonation of key histidine residues in the extracellular PSGL1-binding domain of VISTA. In effect, the low pH microenvironment of the tumor induces VISTA to convert from an inactive, un-protonated form (physiological pH) to its active, protonated form. Thus, we believe VISTA is an ideal target for our TMAb platform, which we have used to identify SNS-101 as a pH-dependent monoclonal antibody with a greater than 600-fold selective binding for the active versus the inactive form of VISTA. We believe that SNS-101 will successfully (1) avoid binding to VISTA in the blood, which results in TMDD and on-target, off-tumor toxicity; and (2) bind active VISTA at low pH and block VISTA s immune checkpoint function within the tumor via inhibition of the interaction with PSGL-1. 
 A third challenge to prior efforts to generate effective antibodies targeting VISTA is the understanding that an active Fc region is optimal for activity. Thus, we have designed SNS-101 on an IgG1 antibody framework that retains an active Fc region. We believe that anti-VISTA IgG1 monoclonal antibodies bind to VISTA on, among other cell types, tumor-associated macrophages, or TAMs. This binding leads to clustering of the IgG1 domains and transactivation of Fc gamma receptors, or Fc g Rs, on adjacent TAMs. This interaction between TAMs is likely not unidirectional or even restricted to cell pairs. Each VISTA+ cell could play a role in activating multiple VISTA+ neighbors. Although this myeloid-on-myeloid VISTA/mAb/Fc g Rs-mediated activation and proinflammatory cytokine release is beneficial within the confines of the tumor microenvironment, it would be potentially deleterious if it were to occur in the blood. We believe that this myeloid-on-myeloid activation is precisely the mechanism underlying the cytokine release syndrome, or CRS, observed in third-party clinical trials with anti-VISTA monoclonal antibodies, as was seen at low doses in the Phase 1 trial of JNJ-61610588 (now CI-8993), a potent non-pH-dependent anti-VISTA monoclonal antibody. Dose limiting toxicities of CRS resulted in early termination of this development program. In contrast, we anticipate that SNS-101 will have significantly less in blood activation due to its lack of significant binding to VISTA at physiological pH. 
 In summary, we believe that there are three critical design parameters required to achieve optimal biologic activity of inhibitory anti-VISTA antibodies: 
 3 

1. Block the pH-dependent binding of VISTA to PSGL-1 on T cells at low pH; 

2. Selectively bind VISTA at low pH to avoid TMDD and on-target/off-tumor side effects; and 

3. Utilize an Fc-competent IgG backbone to engage and activate Fc g R + myeloid cells within the tumor. 

We believe SNS-101 is the only anti-VISTA antibody in development that was designed with these three salient features in mind. 
 
 Preclinical Studies 
 We have conducted multiple preclinical studies, summarized below, to evaluate the safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetic profile of SNS-101. In addition, we have conducted multi-dose non-human primate, or NHP, toxicology studies and plan to disclose the data in the first half of 2023. 
 Affinity Analysis 
 We have observed that SNS-101 binds to VISTA at low pH with a greater than 600-fold differential affinity compared to VISTA at physiological pH of 7.4. 

pH 6.0 
 pH 7.4 

Monovalent Affinity (KD) [nM] 
 0.218 
 132 (No pharmacologically relevant binding) 

Crystal Structure Analysis 
 A crystal structure analysis was performed to elucidate the mechanism of action of SNS-101. This analysis determined the epitope of SNS-101 by co-crystallization of VISTA with the Fab domain of SNS-101 and suggests that SNS-101 blocks the PSGL-1 binding site, in addition to several other putative receptors, on VISTA. The figures depicted below were generated from a technique called X-ray crystallography, in which crystals made from complexes of highly purified VISTA and SNS-101 Fab fragments were exposed to an X-ray beam, and the patterns of diffracted beams were measured to reveal the high-resolution three-dimensional molecular structure of the proteins. 

4 

Figure A shows how SNS-101 binds to VISTA. As with other antibodies, SNS-101 has two binding arms (termed Fab fragments), each consisting of two amino acid chains (shown in blue and orange) that together form the binding site (only a part of the full antibody is shown in the figure). The surface of the VISTA protein covered by SNS-101 is colored red, and the rest of VISTA is shown in green. Figure B is a 90 rotated version of (A) where SNS-101 was removed to get a clear view of the interaction of SNS-101 on the surface of VISTA. Figure C shows the same orientation of VISTA as (B), indicating areas interacting with the receptors PSGL-1 (blue), VSIG-3 (brown) and LRIG-1 (orange). The overlap of the footprint of SNS-101 with the binding sites for these receptors suggest a simple mechanism for how SNS-101 could block their interaction with VISTA. 
 
 Mechanism of Action 
 We assessed the mechanism of action, or MOA, of SNS-101 in a dose-response study (3, 10, or 30 mg/kg) in combination with different anti-mPD-1 doses (1 or 5 mg/kg) again in MC38 tumors and analyzed tumor-infiltrating CD8 T cells at the end of the study. Antibody treatment was again well tolerated, as no significant body weight changes were observed. Tumor growth is represented below as spider plots in which each line represents the growth of the tumor in the respective mouse for each particular treatment group. Anti-mPD-1 at 1 mg/kg did not result in any discernible tumor growth inhibition (5 , P>0.05) and although anti-mPD-1 at 5 mg/kg resulted in substantial tumor growth inhibition (41 ), this did not reach statistical significance in this study. However, the combination of SNS-101 at 10 and 30 mg/kg with 1 mg/kg of anti-mouse PD-1 resulted in statistically significant tumor growth inhibition (52 , P 
 
 5 

Myeloid cells, like monocytes and macrophages, are part of the innate immune response to pathogens, wounds, and even cancers, and play key roles in inflammatory responses. Depending on the environmental signals they receive, these cells take on different characteristics that allow them to perform various tasks. Some of these functions can promote tumor killing responses (anti-tumor immunity, or the M1 phenotype), while others actively suppress immune responses and allow tumors to thrive, or the M2 phenotype. 
 Our goal in targeting VISTA signaling with SNS-101 is to shape the environment of these myeloid cells in order to shift the balance of macrophage phenotypes towards anti-tumoral responses. Furthermore, altering these myeloid responses in the tumor microenvironment may create favorable conditions for other components of the adaptive immune system to join the fight against the tumor. 
 
 Taken together, MOA studies in VISTA-KI mice implanted with the syngeneic tumor model MC38 demonstrated that SNS-101 enhanced anti-PD-1 response and dose-dependently increased tumor-infiltrating CD8 T cells. Additionally, these studies indicate that SNS-101 in combination with anti-PD-1 therapy promotes a shift toward a pro-inflammatory and anti-tumor state. 
 Cytokine Release Syndrome (CRS) Assay 
 CRS assays (IFN-g, IL-2, IL-6, IL-8, TNF-a) in an ex vivo system using circulating fresh human whole blood indicated no significant cytokine induction by SNS-101 compared to a clinical stage, non-pH-selective anti-VISTA antibody. 
 6 

Pharmacokinetic Profile 
 SNS-101 has been observed to bind to human and cynomolgus macaque VISTA, but not to rodent VISTA. Therefore, the pharmacokinetic profile of SNS-101 was assessed in human VISTA knock-in, or KI, mice and NHPs. The mouse data demonstrated that SNS-101 had a long mean residence time in the blood, indicating a lack of significant TMDD and clearance in non-malignant tissues. The NHP data showed linear elimination kinetics for SNS-101, while a non-pH-sensitive antibody bound VISTA+ immune cells, induced monocyte activation followed by a decrease in cell numbers, and was rapidly cleared from circulation. 

Pharmacological Activity 
 We have conducted multiple preclinical studies to assess the pharmacological activity of SNS-101. As SNS-101 does not bind to mouse VISTA, wild-type mice cannot be used to study the pharmacology of SNS-101. Accordingly, we utilized human VISTA KI mice to assess anti-tumor activity of SNS-101 alone and in combination with anti-mouse PD-1 (anti-mPD-1). Antibodies were administered every three days for two weeks. Antibody treatment was well tolerated, as no significant body weight changes were observed. Anti-mPD-1 at 5mg/kg resulted in significant tumor growth inhibition of 52 (P 
 7 

Anti-Tumor Activity 
 We have conducted anti-tumor efficacy studies with VISTA KI mice implanted with the syngeneic tumor model MC38-7r. In this study we treated anti-mPD-1 insensitive MC-38 tumors (MC38-7r) with either SNS-101 at 30mg/kg, anti-mPD-1 at 5mg/kg or in combination. Anti-mPD-1 at 5mg/kg did not result in significant tumor growth inhibition in this tumor model, a dose which showed anti-tumor efficacy in MC38. However, monotherapy of SNS-101 at 30mg/kg showed significant tumor growth inhibition compared to the isotype control group. These data show that SNS-101, as a monotherapy, demonstrated improved efficacy in this anti-mPD-1 insensitive tumor model. 
 
 Additionally, SNS-101 re-sensitized anti-PD-1-resistant 1956 sarcoma tumors, resulting in tumor rejection. We treated anti-mPD-1 insensitive 1956 sarcoma tumors with either SNS-101 at 20mg/kg, anti-mPD-1 at 10mg/kg or in combination. Anti-mPD-1 at 
 8 

10mg/kg induced only one complete tumor rejection (blue line), whereas the combination of SNS-101 with anti-mPD-1 induced five complete tumor rejections (green line). 
 1956 Sarcoma Tumor Model 
 
 P 
 Collectively, we believe the preclinical data described above demonstrate SNS-101 s potential for broad anti-tumor efficacy as monotherapy and in combination with PD-1 blockade. Additional work is ongoing to determine other mechanisms with potential for synergistic activity in combination with SNS-101. 
 Sponsored Research Agreement - Washington University, St. Louis 
 In November 2022, we announced the execution of a Sponsored Research Agreement with Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, pursuant to which research will be conducted in the laboratory of Robert Schreiber, Ph.D., Professor of Pathology Immunology and Director of the Center for Human Immunology and Immunotherapy Programs, to evaluate the underlying molecular mechanisms that may enable SNS-101 to overcome myeloid cell-driven immunosuppression within the tumor microenvironment. 
 Cooperative Research and Development Agreement - National Cancer Institute 
 In February 2023, we announced the execution of a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, or CRADA, with the National Cancer Institute (NCI), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), to expand the development of SNS-101. Under the terms of the CRADA, we will collaborate with the NCI to conduct preclinical studies to assess the mechanism of action of SNS-101 in combination with novel therapeutic modalities. Additionally, the NCI may act as a clinical site for our planned Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SNS-101 and may conduct future clinical trials of SNS-101 in combination with novel therapeutic modalities that are discovered in preclinical studies conducted by the NCI. 
 Planned Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial 
 In March 2023 we submitted an IND to the FDA for a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Subject to regulatory clearance, the Company is planning to initiate a first-in-human Phase 1/2 open-label, multi-center, dose escalation and expansion study trial in 2023 to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of SNS-101 as monotherapy and/or in combination with cemiplimab in patients with advanced solid tumors. In January 2023, we entered into a supply agreement with Regeneron pursuant to which Regeneron will supply cemiplimab for our planned Phase 1/2 trial. 
 We expect the primary objectives for the Phase 1 portion of the clinical trial will be to evaluate safety and tolerability and determine the maximum tolerated dose and recommended monotherapy and combination dose for the Phase 2 portion of the trial. Secondary objectives are expected to include determination of the pharmacokinetic profile of SNS-101, immunogenicity and preliminary evidence of anti-tumor activity as monotherapy and in combination with cemiplimab. As exploratory endpoints we plan to assess biomarkers of SNS-101, which may include serum cytokine/chemokine analysis, blood cell phenotyping, and tumor and blood sequencing/phenotyping. 
 For the Phase 2 portion of the clinical trial, in addition to continuing to evaluate the safety and efficacy of SNS-101 as monotherapy and in combination with cemiplimab, we plan to evaluate exploratory endpoints such as multiplex immunohistochemistry, circulating tumor DNA, tumor and blood cell sequencing (RNA and DNA), and single-cell RNA sequencing. 
 SNS-102: Conditionally Active Monoclonal Antibody Targeting VSIG4 
 VSIG-4 (V-set and Ig domain-containing 4; also known as CRIg, or complement receptor of the Ig superfamily) is a B7-related family member, which is highly expressed on macrophages, including TAMs. VSIG-4 has been shown to be a potent inhibitor of T 
 9 

cell proliferation. Furthermore, VSIG-4 inhibits proinflammatory macrophage activity through metabolic reprogramming. These complementary immunosuppressive features of VSIG-4 make it an interesting and high-potential myeloid immunotherapeutic target. 
 Expression of VSIG-4 in normal tissues, chiefly on tissue-resident macrophage populations such as the Kupffer cells of the liver, suggest the presence of a large peripheral target sink and potential for on-target/off-tumor toxicities. Taken together, these features make VSIG-4 a strong candidate for a TMAb-based approach. 
 We have identified eight parental pH-sensitive VSIG4 antibodies, which have undergone further lead optimization and are currently being characterized. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 
 SNS-103: Conditionally Active Monoclonal Antibody Targeting ENTPDase1 (CD39) 
 
 ENTPDase1 (also known as CD39, or ecto-nucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase-1) is the upstream, rate-limiting enzyme, leading to the breakdown of extracellular adenosine triphosphate, or ATP. Extracellular ATP represents a potent immunologic danger signal, which drives immune activation. The ultimate downstream product of this pathway, adenosine, has potent immunosuppressive activity through binding to adenosine receptors. Upregulation of CD39 by tumors is common and leads to decreased extracellular ATP and a diminished anti-tumor immune response. 
 Pharmacologic inhibition of CD39 activity has shown anti-tumor activity in a variety of experimental tumor models. Several of these molecules are currently being evaluated as cancer therapeutics in early phase clinical trials. CD39, although upregulated in tumors, is also expressed in normal tissue on a variety of different cell populations. The expression of CD39 on endothelial cells is particularly problematic, as this is anticipated to result in significant on-target/off-tumor binding, leading to TMDD, a poor PK profile and potential toxicities. 
 We have identified eight parental pH-selective CD39 antibodies, and a lead antibody set is currently undergoing further optimization. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 
 Manufacturing 
 We rely on contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to produce our TMAb product candidates. We require that our CMOs produce bulk drug substances and finished drug products in accordance with cGMP, and all other applicable laws and regulations. We may also rely on CMOs for additional parts of the process, like filling and labelling of our products for commercial sale. Any agreements with potential and existing manufacturers will include confidentiality and intellectual property provisions to protect our proprietary rights related to our product candidates. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Intellectual property is of vital importance in our field and in biotechnology generally. We seek to protect and enhance proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business by seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We will also seek to rely on regulatory protection afforded through inclusion in expedited development and review, data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions where available. 
 Wherever possible, we pursue claims directed to the clinical product or product candidates. Such applications may not result in issued patents and, even if patents do issue, such patents may not be in a form that will provide us with meaningful protection for our product. We also rely on trade secrets that may be important to the development of our business. Trade secrets are difficult to protect and provide us with only limited protection. 
 We expect to file additional patent applications in support of current and new clinical candidates as well as new platform and core technologies. Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection of our current and future product candidates and the methods used to develop and manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges and operating without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our products depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product candidates, discovery programs and processes. For this and more comprehensive risks related to our intellectual property, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee 
 10 

for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier filed patent. In the United States, the patent term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek patent term extensions to any issued patents we may obtain in any jurisdiction where such patent term extensions are available, however there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length of such extensions. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 In some instances, we submit patent applications directly with the USPTO as provisional patent applications. Corresponding non-provisional patent applications must be filed not later than 12 months after the provisional application filing date. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 We file U.S. non-provisional applications and Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications that claim the benefit of the priority date of earlier filed provisional applications, when applicable. The PCT system allows a single application to be filed within 12 months of the original priority date of the patent application, and to designate all of the PCT member states in which national patent applications can later be pursued based on the international patent application filed under the PCT. The PCT searching authority performs a patentability search and issues a non-binding patentability opinion which can be used to evaluate the chances of success for the national applications in foreign countries prior to having to incur the filing fees. Although a PCT application does not issue as a patent, it allows the applicant to seek protection in any of the member states through national-phase applications. At the end of the period of two and a half years from the first priority date of the patent application, separate patent applications can be pursued in any of the PCT member states either by direct national filing or, in some cases by filing through a regional patent organization, such as the European Patent Office. The PCT system delays expenses, allows a limited evaluation of the chances of success for national/regional patent applications and enables substantial savings where applications are abandoned within the first two and a half years of filing. 
 For all patent applications, we determine claiming strategy on a case-by-case basis. Advice of counsel and our business model and needs are always considered. We seek to file patents containing claims for protection of all useful applications of our proprietary technologies and any products, as well as all new applications and/or uses we discover for existing technologies and products, assuming these are strategically valuable. We continuously reassess the number and type of patent applications, as well as the pending and issued patent claims to pursue maximum coverage and value for our processes, and compositions, given existing patent office rules and regulations. Further, claims may be modified during patent prosecution to meet our intellectual property and business needs. 
 We recognize that the ability to obtain patent protection and the degree of such protection depends on a number of factors, including the extent of the prior art, the novelty and non-obviousness of the invention, and the ability to satisfy the enablement requirement of the patent laws. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted or further altered even after patent issuance. Consequently, we may not obtain or maintain adequate patent protection for any of our future product candidates or for our technology platform. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any issued patents will provide sufficient proprietary protection from competitors. Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trademark registration, trade secrets, know how, other proprietary information and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived 
 11 

by the employee in the course of employment with us or from the employee s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property. However, such confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements can be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting trade secrets, know-how and inventions. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 The patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. Third-party patents could require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our products or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. For more information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property. 
 When available to expand market exclusivity, our strategy is to obtain, or license additional intellectual property related to current or contemplated development platforms, core elements of technology and/or clinical candidates. 
 As of March 1, 2023, our solely owned patent estate included two issued U.S. patents, four issued foreign patents, two pending U.S. patent applications, and one international patent application. 
 We own one U.S. non-provisional and one international patent application relating to composition of matter of our SNS-101 product candidate and method claims including use in combination with immune checkpoint protein inhibitors. Subject to payment of required maintenance fees, annuities, and other charges, any patents, if issued, are projected to expire in 2042. 
 Adimab Agreement 
 On July 14, 2021, we entered into a First Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement, or the Adimab Agreement, with Adimab, LLC, or Adimab. Under the Adimab Agreement, we selected a number of biological targets against which Adimab used its proprietary platform technology to discover and/or optimize antibodies based upon mutually agreed upon research plans, and we have the ability to select a specified number of additional biological targets against which Adimab will provide additional antibody discovery and optimization services. During the research term and evaluation term for a given research program with Adimab, or Research Program, we have a non-exclusive worldwide license under Adimab s technology to perform certain research activities and to evaluate the program antibodies to determine whether we want to exercise our option to obtain an exclusive license to exploit such antibodies, referred to herein as a Development and Commercialization Option. 
 Pursuant to the Adimab Agreement, we previously paid Adimab a one-time, non-creditable, non-refundable technology access fee of 50,000. We are also obligated to make certain technical milestone payments to Adimab for each Research Program up to 275,000. Upon exercise of a Development and Commercialization Option, we are obligated to pay to Adimab a non-creditable, nonrefundable option exercise fee of 500,000 plus an amount equal to any technical milestone payment which was not previously paid with respect to such Research Program and less any option extension fees paid with respect to such Research Program. On a product-by-product basis, we will pay Adimab upon the achievement of various clinical and regulatory milestone events with total milestone payments up to an aggregate of 13.3 million for the first product from a Research Program and up to an aggregate of 6.6 million for each subsequent product from a Research Program. For any product that is commercialized, on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis, we are obligated to pay to Adimab a low-to-mid single-digit percentage of annual worldwide net sales of such product during the applicable royalty period in each country. 
 SNS-101 is subject to the terms of the Adimab Agreement, and in December 2022 we exercised our Development and Commercialization Option for the Research Program from which SNS-101 was generated. To date, we have paid 825,000 to Adimab pursuant to the Adimab Agreement for the upfront payment, the Development and Commercialization Option and program delivery fees. 
 Trademarks, Trade Secrets and Know-How 
 Our trademark portfolio currently consists of two registered trademarks and one trademark application. In addition to patent and trademark protection, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our 
 12 

commercial partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants, and employees. These and other agreements, such as invention assignment agreements, grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third party. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have made substantial investments in recent years into the rapid development of novel immunotherapies for the treatment of a range of pathologies, including cancers and infectious diseases, making this a highly competitive market. 
 We face substantial competition from multiple sources, including large and specialty pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Our competitors compete with us on the level of the technologies employed, or on the level of development of product candidates. In addition, many small biotechnology companies have formed collaborations with large, established companies to (i) obtain support for their research, development and commercialization of products or (ii) combine several treatment approaches to develop longer lasting or more efficacious treatments that may potentially directly compete with our current or future product candidates. We anticipate that we will continue to face increasing competition as new therapies and combinations thereof, technologies, and data emerge within the field of immunotherapy and, furthermore, within the treatment of cancers and infectious diseases. 
 In addition to the current standard of care treatments for patients with cancers and infectious diseases, numerous commercial and academic preclinical studies and clinical trials are being undertaken by a large number of parties to assess novel technologies and product candidates in the field of immunotherapy. Results from these studies and trials have fueled increasing levels of interest in the field of immunotherapy. 
 Large pharmaceutical companies that have commercialized or are developing immunotherapies to treat cancer include AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, and Roche/Genentech. In addition, we may compete with other immuno-oncology companies in our industry, such as Hummingbird Bioscience, Kineta, PharmAbcine, Pierre Fabre and Curis, each of which are developing antibodies targeting VISTA, the target of our lead product candidate SNS-101. 
 Many of our competitors, either alone or in combination with their respective strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, the regulatory approval process, and marketing than we do. Mergers and acquisition activity in the pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology sector is likely to result in greater resource concentration among a smaller number of our competitors. 
 Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through sizeable collaborative arrangements with established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retain qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if one or more of our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, better tolerated, or of greater convenience or economic benefit than our proposed product offering. Our competitors also may be in a position to obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly, resulting in a stronger or dominant market position before we are able to enter the market. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our programs are likely to be product safety, efficacy, convenience and treatment cost. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biological products. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 U.S. Biological Product Development 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates biologics under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or the PHSA, and their implementing regulations. Biologics also are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. 
 13 

requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, suspension or revocation of a license, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement and civil or criminal penalties. 
 Our product candidates and any future biological product candidates we develop must be approved by the FDA through a biologics license application, or BLA, before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The BLA is a request for approval to market the biologic for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety, purity and potency. The FDA review and approval process generally involves the following: 
 completion of extensive preclinical studies conducted in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practices, or GLP, requirements; 

submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

submission to the FDA of a BLA; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to accept the filing for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biologic will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

potential FDA audit of the preclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; 

payment of user fees for FDA review of the BLA (unless a fee waiver applies); and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the biologic in the United States. 

Preclinical Studies and IND 
 Before testing any biological product candidate in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product biological characteristics, chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. 
 An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical trials, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans, and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 Clinical Trials 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical trial 
 14 

must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 Clinical trials generally are conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, and may overlap or be combined, such that the objectives of multiple phases are addressed within the design of a single trial. 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the product candidate. When conducted in disease-affected patients and including an endpoint of early activity or efficacy, such a trial may be a Phase 1/2 trial, comprising a Phase 1 portion and a Phase 2 portion. 

Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. Phase 2/3 trials may also be designed to sequentially address both dose finding and effectiveness in a single trial. 

Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product candidate and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 

In August 2018, the FDA released a draft guidance entitled Expansion Cohorts: Use in First-In-Human Clinical Trials to Expedite Development of Oncology Drugs and Biologics, which outlines how developers can utilize an adaptive trial design commonly referred to as a seamless trial design in early stages of oncology biological product development (i.e., the Phase 1 first-in-human clinical trial) to compress the traditional three phases of trials into one continuous trial called an expansion cohort trial. Information to support the design of individual expansion cohorts are included in IND applications and assessed by FDA. Expansion cohort trials can potentially bring efficiency to biological product development and reduce developmental costs and time. 
 Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a BLA. Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard to conducting required Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of licensure for biological products. 
 During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects, and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the biological product candidate as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product candidate in 
 15 

commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, purity and potency of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 FDA Review Process 
 Following completion of the clinical trials, data are analyzed to assess whether the investigational product is safe and effective for the proposed indicated use or uses. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA, along with proposed labeling, chemistry and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. The BLA may include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product candidate s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety, purity and potency of the investigational product to the satisfaction of FDA. FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before a biologic may be marketed in the United States. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. The sponsor of an approved BLA is also subject to an annual prescription drug program fee. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 The FDA reviews all submitted BLAs before it accepts them for filing, and may request additional information rather than accepting the BLA for filing. The FDA decides whether to accept a BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt, and such decision could include a refusal to file by the FDA. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has ten months from the filing date in which to complete its initial review of an original BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original BLA designated for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority BLAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel products or products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. After the FDA evaluates a BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A complete response letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The complete response letter may require additional clinical data, pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) as well as other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation for a biologic must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 16 

Orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user fee waivers. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same biological product for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety or providing a major contribution to patient care or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication but that could be used off-label in the orphan indication. Orphan drug exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do for the same product, as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking approval, or if our product is determined to be contained within the scope of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If a biological product designated as an orphan drug receives marketing approval for an indication broader than that which is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug status in the European Union has similar, but not identical, requirements and benefits. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new biologics that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new biological product candidates are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a biological product candidate can request the FDA to designate the product for fast track status any time before receiving BLA approval, but ideally no later than the pre-BLA meeting. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a fast track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product candidate is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new biologic designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. 
 A product candidate may also be eligible for accelerated approval, if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a biological product candidate receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. If the FDA concludes that a biological product candidate shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it will require such post-marketing restrictions, as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the product. If the FDA determines that the conditions of approval are not being met, the FDA can withdraw its accelerated approval for such biologic. 
 Additionally, a biological product candidate may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the product candidate is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. The benefits of breakthrough therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance from the FDA to ensure an efficient drug development program. 
 Fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the biological product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any biological product candidate for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, amended the FDCA to require that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 
 17 

meeting or, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of the registration-enabling trial. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach an agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials as well as other clinical development programs. 
 Post-Marketing Requirements 
 Following approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and record-keeping activities, reporting of adverse experiences, complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting products for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as off-label use and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. Prescription drug and biologic promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the biologic, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the BLA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific facilities and in accordance with cGMP regulations. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. These manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved biologics are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The discovery of violations, including failure to conform to cGMP regulations, could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of post-approval problems with a product may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved BLA, including recall. 
 U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. Healthcare Laws 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufactures to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which companies sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In addition, transparency laws and patient privacy regulations by federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions can apply to the manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities of pharmaceutical manufactures. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that can affect a pharmaceutical company s operations include: 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual 

18 

knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution; 

The federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the FCA, which prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement, including providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label, material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the federal government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 

The anti-inducement law, which prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration, which includes, without limitation, any transfer of items or services for free or for less than fair market value (with limited exceptions), to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of items or services reimbursable, whole or in part, by a federal or state governmental program; 

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, and their subcontractors that use, disclose or otherwise process individually identifiable health information. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 

The federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professions (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

Federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 

Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 

Analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to 

19 

healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require drug manufacturers to file reports with states regarding pricing and marketing information, such as the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensations and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations with respect to certain laws. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect our business in an adverse way. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 Ensuring our business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that a pharmaceutical manufacturer s business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects companies to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Additionally, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the U.S. government under the federal FCA as well as under the false claims laws of several states against a pharmaceutical manufacturer. The approval and commercialization of a pharmaceutical manufacturer s product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject it to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. Lastly, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which may also adversely affect our business. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a pharmaceutical company to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was passed, which substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addresses a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and creates a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now, as amended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective January 1, 2019, agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition to coverage under Medicare Part D for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs. 
 There have been executive, judicial and congressional challenges. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, there have been a number of significant changes to the ACA and its implementation. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs 
 20 

Act of 2017, or Tax Act, included a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructs certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any such challenges, and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2031 unless additional congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services and result in reduced demand for certain pharmaceutical products or additional pricing pressures. 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 At the federal level, the former Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price for such drugs and biologics under the law, and (ii) imposes rebates with respect to certain drugs and biologics covered under Medicare Part B or Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. In addition, Congress is considering drug pricing as part of other reform initiatives. 
 At the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional health care authorities and individual hospitals are 
 21 

increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other health care programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our products, once approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. 
 We expect that additional foreign, federal and state healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and result in reduced demand for our current product candidates and any future product candidates or additional pricing pressures. It is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals, and enactment of laws, at the foreign, federal and state levels, directed at containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, will continue into the future. Further, we cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of healthcare reform initiatives that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, particularly as a result of the recent presidential election. 
 U.S. Patent-Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our product candidates and any future product candidates we develop, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved biologic is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. 
 An abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product was created by the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 as part of the ACA. This amendment to the PHSA, in part, attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. Therefore, one must determine whether a new product includes a modification to the structure of a previously licensed product that results in a change in safety, purity, or potency to assess whether the licensure of the new product is a first licensure that triggers its own period of exclusivity. Whether a subsequent application, if approved, warrants exclusivity as the first licensure of a biological product is determined on a case-by-case basis with data submitted by the sponsor. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing regulatory exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 22 

U.S. regulation of companion diagnostics 
 Our product candidates may require use of an in vitro diagnostic to identify appropriate patient populations. These diagnostics, often referred to as companion diagnostics, are regulated as medical devices. In the United States, the FDCA and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import and post-market surveillance. Unless an exemption applies, companion diagnostic tests require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are premarket notification, also called 510(k) clearance, and premarket approval, or PMA approval. 
 If use of companion diagnostic is essential to safe and effective use of a drug or biologic product, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of the diagnostic contemporaneously with the approval of the therapeutic product. On August 6, 2014, the FDA issued a final guidance document addressing the development and approval process for In Vitro Companion Diagnostic Devices. According to the guidance, for novel candidates such as our product candidates, a companion diagnostic device and its corresponding drug or biologic candidate should be approved or cleared contemporaneously by FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product labeling. The guidance also explains that a companion diagnostic device used to make treatment decisions in clinical trials of a biologic product candidate generally will be considered an investigational device, unless it is employed for an intended use for which the device is already approved or cleared. If used to make critical treatment decisions, such as patient selection, the diagnostic device generally will be considered a significant risk device under the FDA s Investigational Device Exemption, or IDE, regulations. Thus, the sponsor of the diagnostic device will be required to comply with the IDE regulations. According to the guidance, if a diagnostic device and a drug are to be studied together to support their respective approvals, both products can be studied in the same investigational study, if the study meets both the requirements of the IDE regulations and the IND regulations. The guidance provides that depending on the details of the study plan and subjects, a sponsor may seek to submit an IND alone, or both an IND and an IDE. In July 2016, the FDA issued a draft guidance document intended to further assist sponsors of therapeutic products and sponsors of in vitro companion diagnostic devices on issues related to co-development of these products. 
 The FDA generally requires companion diagnostics intended to select the patients who will respond to cancer treatment to obtain approval of a PMA for that diagnostic contemporaneously with approval of the therapeutic. The review of these in vitro companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of therapeutic candidates involves coordination of review by the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research and by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical and preclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years or longer. It involves a rigorous premarket review during which the applicant must prepare and provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. PMA applications are also subject to an application fee. 
 PMAs for certain devices must generally include the results from extensive preclinical and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the device for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. In particular, for a diagnostic, the applicant must demonstrate that the diagnostic produces reproducible results when the same sample is tested multiple times by multiple users at multiple laboratories. In addition, as part of the PMA review, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer s facilities for compliance with the Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which imposes elaborate testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements. 
 If the FDA evaluations of both the PMA application and the manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter or a not-approvable letter, which usually contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure the final approval of the PMA, such as changes in labeling, or specific additional information, such as submission of final labeling, in order to secure final approval of the PMA. If the FDA concludes that the applicable criteria have been met, the FDA will issue a PMA for the approved indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought by the applicant. The PMA can include post-approval conditions that the FDA believes necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution. 
 If the FDA s evaluation of the PMA or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will issue an order denying approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable order. A not approvable letter will outline the deficiencies in the application and, where practical, will identify what is necessary to make the PMA approvable. The FDA may also determine that additional clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or years while the trials are conducted and then the data submitted in an amendment to the PMA. Once granted, PMA approval may be withdrawn by the FDA if compliance with post approval requirements, conditions of approval or other regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. PMA approval is not guaranteed, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable 
 23 

determination based on deficiencies in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that can substantially delay approval. 
 After a device is placed on the market, it remains subject to significant regulatory requirements. Medical devices may be marketed only for the uses and indications for which they are cleared or approved. Device manufacturers must also establish registration and device listings with the FDA. A medical device manufacturer s manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging and shipping of medical devices. Domestic facility records and manufacturing processes are subject to periodic unscheduled inspections by the FDA. The FDA also may inspect foreign facilities that export products to the United States. 
 European Union Drug Development 
 In the European Union, or EU, our future products also may be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the United States, medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls. Although the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC has sought to harmonize the EU clinical trials regulatory framework, setting out common rules for the control and authorization of clinical trials in the EU, the EU member states have transposed and applied the provisions of the Directive differently. This has led to significant variations in the member state regimes. Under the current regime, before a clinical trial can be initiated it must be approved in each of the EU countries where the trial is to be conducted by two distinct bodies: the National Competent Authority, or NCA, and one or more Ethics Committees, or ECs. Under the current regime all suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the clinical trial have to be reported to the NCA and ECs of the member state where they occurred. 
 The EU clinical trials legislation currently is undergoing a transition process mainly aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical-trial authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency. Recently enacted Clinical Trials Regulation EU No 536/2014 ensures that the rules for conducting clinical trials in the EU will be identical. 
 European Union Drug Review and Approval 
 In the European Economic Area, or EEA, which is comprised of the 28 member states of the EU and Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of marketing authorizations. 
 The Community MA is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, of the EMA and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicines such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. 

National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a member state of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in other member states through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any member state at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various member state through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the member state in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State, or RMS. The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics, or SPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other member state, referred to as the Member States Concerned, for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling, or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the member states (i.e., in the RMS and the Member States Concerned). Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the member states of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 

24 

European Union Orphan Designation and Exclusivity 
 In the European Union, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products grants orphan drug designation to promote the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions affecting not more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union community (or where it is unlikely that the development of the medicine would generate sufficient return to justify the investment) and for which no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment has been authorized (or, if a method exists, the product would be a significant benefit to those affected). 
 In the European Union, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following medicinal product approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an application for MA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 European Union Drug Marketing 
 Much like the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibition in the United States, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is governed by the national anti-bribery laws of European Union member states, such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. 
 Payments made to physicians in certain EU member states must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization as well as the regulatory authorities of the individual EU member states. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 European Data Collection 
 The collection and use of personal health data in the EU is governed by the provisions of the Data Protection Directive, and as of May 2018 the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR. This directive imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data protection authorities and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. The Data Protection Directive and GDPR also impose strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the United States. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Directive, the GDPR, and the related national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines and other administrative penalties. The GDPR introduces new data protection requirements in the EU and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. The GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Rest of the World Regulation 
 For other countries outside of the EU and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Reimbursement 
 Sales of our products, when and if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug or biological products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. As a result, 
 25 

coverage determination is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Additionally, we, or our collaborators, will be required to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our companion diagnostic tests separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement we may seek for our product candidates. 
 The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of biosimilars for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. 
 The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price, or AMP, to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug benefits. On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 
 For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. As of 2010, the ACA expanded the types of entities eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing, although, under the current state of the law, with the exception of children s hospitals, these newly eligible entities will not be eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing on orphan drugs. In addition, as 340B drug pricing is determined based on AMP and Medicaid rebate data, the revisions to the Medicaid rebate formula and AMP definition described above could cause the required 340B discount to increase. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide coverage and reimbursement. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement for newly approved drugs and biologics is a time-consuming and costly process, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which a drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Assuming coverage is obtained for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of prescribed products. 
 26 

In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had 28 full-time employees. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 On December 5, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan, or the Restructuring, to reduce the Company s current workforce by approximately 40 to decrease operating expenses and to focus on developing our TMAb platform. We expect expenditures and operating expenses associated with the Restructuring, estimated at 1.3 million, to be substantially completed in the first quarter of 2023. The estimated costs of the Restructuring include 1.2 million for one-time employee termination costs, including severance payments and extended benefits coverage support, and were contingent upon the impacted employees execution and non-revocation of separation agreements. A total of 1.1 million of Restructuring costs was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the remainder will be recorded in 2023. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based compensation awards in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SNSE . 
 We were originally incorporated as Panacea Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Panacea, under the laws of the state of Maryland in 1999. In December 2017, we reincorporated in Delaware and changed our name to Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 1405 Research Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Our telephone number is (240) 243-8000. 
 The Sensei design logo, Sensei , TMAb, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Report are the property of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. Other trade names, trademarks and service marks used in this Report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Report exclude the or TM symbols. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.senseibio.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are made available free of charge on or through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 27 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as general economic and business risks and the other information in this Report. The occurrence of any of the events or circumstances described below or other adverse events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business. 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 The risk factors summarized below could materially harm our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects, and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These risks are discussed more fully below. Material risks that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and trading price of our common stock include the following: 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position 

We will need additional funding to complete the development of our product candidates. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

We have incurred significant losses in every year since our inception. We expect to continue to incur losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 

Our development efforts are in the early stages. If we are unable to advance our product candidates through clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Our business is highly dependent on the success of our product candidates that we advance into the clinic. All our product candidates may require significant additional preclinical, clinical and manufacturing development before we may be able to seek regulatory approval for and launch a product commercially. If the clinical trials of any of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities, or do not otherwise produce favorable results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Interim data from our planned clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patients are enrolled and additional data become available. 

We will depend on timely enrollment of patients in our planned clinical trials for our product candidates. If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our planned clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 

Clinical trials are difficult to design and implement, can be lengthy and expensive, involve uncertain outcomes and may not ultimately be successful. 

Risks Related to our Dependence on Third Parties 

We collaborate with third parties in connection with the development of our product candidates, and may depend upon future collaboration partners to commit to the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates. 

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct the preclinical and planned clinical trials for our product candidates, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials or failing to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of our Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters 

Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Commercialization of our Product Candidates 

28 

If we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our product candidates, or enter into sales, marketing and distribution agreements with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing our product candidates, if approved. 

We operate in a rapidly changing industry and face significant competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 

Even if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technologies and product candidates, including SNS-101, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and biologics similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and product candidates may be impaired. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could significantly harm our business. 

Risks Related to our Business Operations 

We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key members of senior management and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

Risks Related to our Securities and our Status as a Public Company 

The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Our business and operations could be negatively affected by any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategies and impact our share price. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting which results in material weaknesses, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent fraud, and investor confidence in our company and the market price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position 
 We will need additional funding to complete the development of our product candidates. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 
 We will require substantial additional funding to meet our financial needs and to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or altogether cease our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of discovery, laboratory testing, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical development of our current and future product candidates; 

the timing and amounts of any milestone or royalty payments we may be required to make or may be entitled to receive under license agreements; 

the costs of building out our infrastructure including hiring additional clinical, quality control and manufacturing personnel; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

the costs of operating as a public company; and 

29 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 

To date, we have primarily financed our operations through the sale of equity securities. We may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our operations or on terms favorable to us. While the long-term economic impact of each of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and recent and potential future disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failures are difficult to assess or predict, each of these events has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets and contributed to a general global economic slowdown. Furthermore, inflation rates, particularly in the United States and the U.K., have increased recently to levels not seen in decades. Increased inflation may result in increased operating costs (including labor costs) and may affect our operating budgets. In addition, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised, and is expected to further raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may further increase economic uncertainty and heighten these risks. If the disruptions and slowdown deepen or persist, we may not be able to access additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, which could in the future negatively affect our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. Any of our current or future license agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment or other obligations under the agreements. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, expanded research and development activities and costs associated with operating a public company. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through any or a combination of securities offerings, debt financings, license and collaboration agreements and research grants. If we raise capital through securities offerings, such sales are likely to result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, warrants to purchase equity, and/or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, could result in fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. In addition, we could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or others at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable. If we raise funds through research grants, we may be subject to certain requirements, which may limit our ability to use the funds or require us to share information from our research and development. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to a third party to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Raising additional capital through any of these or other means could adversely affect our business and the holdings or rights of our stockholders, and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our product candidates on terms that are not favorable to us. Any additional capital raising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current and future product candidates, if approved. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or altogether cease our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 We have incurred significant losses in every year since our inception. We expect to continue to incur losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. Our net loss was 48.6 million and 36.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 197.8 million. We have funded our operations to date primarily with proceeds from the sale of our equity securities and borrowings of convertible debt. 
 30 

We have no products approved for commercial sale, have not generated any revenue from commercial sales of our product candidates, and are devoting substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to research and development of our TMAb platform. Investment in therapeutic product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and/or become commercially viable. 
 We expect that it will take at least several years until any of our product candidates receive marketing approval and are commercialized, and we may never be successful in obtaining marketing approval and commercializing product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. These net losses will adversely impact our stockholders equity and net assets and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 
 prepare to file INDs and then initiate clinical development of our product candidates, including SNS-101; 

continue the research and development of our other product candidates; 

invest in our TMAb platform; 

seek to discover and develop additional product candidates or acquire or in-license drugs, product candidates or technologies; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

secure the clinical and commercial supply of our product candidates; 

hire additional research and development and selling, general and administrative personnel; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 

incur additional costs associated with operating as a newly public company. 

To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue. Achievement will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval, manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval, as well as discovering and developing additional product candidates. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of therapeutic product candidates, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve and maintain profitability. If we are required by regulatory authorities to perform studies in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in the initiation and completion of our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates, our expenses could increase and profitability could be further delayed. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of therapeutic product candidates, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve and maintain profitability. If we are required by regulatory authorities to perform studies in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in the initiation and completion of our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates, our expenses could increase and profitability could be further delayed. 
 Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our common stock could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 As an organization, we have not demonstrated an ability to successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture our product candidates at commercial scale or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization, or obtain reimbursement in the countries of sale. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays in achieving our business objectives. Our operating history makes any assessment of our future success or viability subject to significant uncertainty. If we do not address these risks successfully or are unable to transition at some point from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities, then our business will suffer. 
 31 

Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 
 Our development efforts are in the early stages. If we are unable to advance our product candidates through clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 
 There is no assurance that any future clinical trials of our product candidates will be successful or will generate positive clinical data and we may not receive marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory agencies for any of our product candidates. Our product candidates are in preclinical development. Although we submitted an IND for SNS-101 to the FDA in March 2023, there can be no assurance that the FDA will permit such IND, or any future IND for our other product candidates, to go into effect in a timely manner or at all. Without the IND, we will not be permitted to conduct our planned clinical trial of SNS-101, nor would we be permitted to conduct further clinical trials in the United States without future INDs for our other product candidates. 
 Biopharmaceutical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of any of our clinical trials. Failure to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates will prevent us from commercializing and marketing our product candidates. The success in the development of our product candidates will depend on many factors, including: 
 completing preclinical studies; 

submission of INDs for and receipt of allowance to proceed with our planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials; 

initiating, enrolling, and completing clinical trials; 

obtaining positive results from our preclinical studies and clinical trials that support a demonstration of efficacy, safety, and durability of effect for our product candidates; 

receiving approvals for commercialization of our product candidates from applicable regulatory authorities; 

establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and successfully launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

acceptance of our products, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

manufacturing our product candidates at an acceptable cost; and 

maintaining and growing an organization of scientists, medical professionals and business people who can develop and commercialize our product candidates and technology. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control, including the time needed to adequately complete clinical testing and the regulatory submission process. It is possible that none of our product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval, even if we expend substantial time and resources seeking such approval. If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, or any other factors impacting the successful development of biopharmaceutical products, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully develop our product candidates, which could materially harm our business. 
 The therapeutic efficacy of our product candidates, including SNS-101, is unproven in humans, and we may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize drug candidates pursuant to these programs. 
 Our TMAb product candidates are novel chemical and biologic entities and their potential benefit as therapeutic cancer drugs is unproven. For example, SNS-101 is a human monoclonal antibody targeting the novel immune checkpoint VISTA. There are currently no approved therapies that target VISTA. Our ability to generate revenues from our TMAb product candidates, which we do not expect will occur in the short-term, if ever, will depend heavily on their successful development and commercialization, which is subject to many potential risks. For example, our product candidates may not prove to be effective inhibitors of the molecular targets they are being designed to act against and may not demonstrate in patients any or all of the pharmacological benefits that may have been demonstrated in preclinical studies. These product candidates may interact with human biological systems in unforeseen, ineffective or harmful ways. If the FDA determines that any of our drug candidates are associated with significant side effects or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to delay or abandon their development or limit development to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk benefit perspective. Moreover, we may determine after conducting clinical trials or related studies that certain of our product candidates or platforms do not possess the anticipated therapeutic characteristics, and we may decide to abandon or discontinue any one of our studies, product candidates or platforms. For example, in June 2021 we announced the discontinuation of our SNS-301 program and terminated the Phase 1/2 clinic trial studying SNS-301 due to a lack of efficacy. In November 2022, we announced the suspension of our ImmunoPhage platform entirely and we are now focused exclusively on developing our TMAb platform. 
 Many drug candidates that initially showed promise in early stage testing for treating cancer have later been found to be ineffective and/or cause side effects that prevented further development of the compound or resulted in their removal from the market. For example, in a third-party clinical trial of an anti-VISTA monoclonal antibody, dose limiting toxicities caused by cytokine release 
 32 

syndrome resulted in early termination of the clinical trial. Although we have generated preclinical data suggesting that the conditionally active properties of SNS-101 have the potential to avoid poor pharmacokinetics and lower the risk of cytokine release syndrome, those data were generated from either animal studies or ex vivo studies using human samples and there can be no assurances that similar results will be achieved in clinical trials of SNS-101 with human subjects. As a result of these and other risks described herein that are inherent in the development and commercialization of novel therapeutic agents, we may not successfully develop and commercialize our drug candidates, in which case we may not achieve profitability and the value of our stock may decline. 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 We do not have any products that have gained regulatory approval. Our business is substantially dependent on our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our preclinical programs. We cannot commercialize product candidates in the United States without first obtaining regulatory approval for the product from the FDA. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate for a particular indication, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence gathered in preclinical and clinical studies that the product candidate is safe and effective for that indication and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls are adequate with respect to such product candidate. Prior to seeking approval for any of our product candidates, we will need to confer with the FDA and other regulatory authorities regarding the design of our clinical trials and the type and amount of clinical data necessary to seek and gain approval for our product candidates. 
 The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities is unpredictable and typically takes many years following the commencement of preclinical studies and clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. It is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any future product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval from the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities for many reasons, including: 
 disagreement with the design, protocol or conduct of our clinical trials, including with respect to the planned clinical trial of SNS-101; 

failure to demonstrate that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

failure of clinical trials to meet the level of statistical significance required for approval; 

failure to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

insufficiency of data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates to support the submission and filing of a Biologics License Application, or BLA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval; 

failure to obtain approval of the manufacturing processes or our facilities; 

changes in the approval policies or regulations that render our preclinical and clinical data insufficient for approval; or 

lack of adequate funding to complete a clinical trial in a manner that is satisfactory to the applicable regulatory authority. 

Many of these risks are beyond our control, including the risks related to clinical development. If we are unable to develop, receive regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize our product candidates, or if we experience delays as a result of any of these risks or otherwise, our business could be materially harmed. 
 The FDA or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information, including additional preclinical or clinical data to support approval, including data that would require us to perform additional clinical trials or modify our manufacturing processes, which may delay or prevent approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the development program. If we change our manufacturing processes, we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials or other studies, which also could delay or prevent approval of our product candidates. If we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer indications than we request (including failing to approve the most commercially promising indications), may limit indications, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials or other post-marketing commitments, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. 
 33 

Even if a product candidate were to successfully obtain approval from the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, any approval might contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications, or may be subject to burdensome post-approval study or risk management requirements. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for one of our product candidates in one or more jurisdictions, or any approval contains significant limitations, we may not be able to obtain sufficient funding to continue the development of that product candidate or generate revenues attributable to that product candidate. Also, any regulatory approval of our current or future product candidates, once obtained, may be withdrawn. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of our product candidates that we advance into the clinic. All of our product candidates may require significant additional preclinical, clinical and manufacturing development before we may be able to seek regulatory approval for and launch a product commercially and we may not be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates. 
 A key element of our strategy is utilizing our TMAb platform to develop conditionally active monoclonal antibodies, which we believe could generate safer and more effective cancer therapies. However, we currently have no products that are approved for commercial sale and may never be able to develop marketable products. We are very early in our development efforts, and although we submitted an IND for SNS-101 in March 2023, none of our product candidates are currently in clinical development. If any of our product candidates, including SNS-101, encounters safety or efficacy problems, development delays, regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and forecasted timelines and business could be significantly harmed. Our TMAb platform is designed to generate next-generation antibodies that have potential to block immunosuppressive signals or activate immunostimulatory signals selectively within the tumor microenvironment. However, our TMAb platform may not produce product candidates that are safe and effective, or which compare favorably with other commercially available alternatives. Even if we are successful in continuing to build our pipeline and develop next-generation antibodies, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development, including as a result of lack of safety, lack of tolerability, or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval, achieve market acceptance or obtain reimbursements from third-party payors. We cannot provide you with any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development or commercialization for many reasons, including the following: 
 our TMAb platform may not be successful in identifying additional product candidates; 

we may not be able or willing to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates; 

our product candidates may not succeed in preclinical or clinical testing; 

a product candidate may on further study be shown to have harmful side effects, such as cytokine release syndrome, or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

product candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; 

the market for a product candidate may change during our development program so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable; 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors, if applicable. 

If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or programs, or we may not be able to identify, discover, develop, or commercialize additional product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates or collaborate with others to do so, we will not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which could significantly harm our financial position and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or have a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and management resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target 
 34 

market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. For example, in June 2021 we announced the discontinuation of our SNS-301 program and terminated the Phase 1/2 clinic trial studying SNS-301 due to a lack of efficacy. SNS-301 had been our lead product candidate and only clinical stage program. Furthermore, in November 2022 we announced the suspension of our ImmunoPhage platform entirely, including SNS-401-NG, which we were developing for the treatment of patients with Merkel cell carcinoma. As a result, we are now focused exclusively on developing our TMAb product candidates. 
 If the clinical trials of any of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities, or do not otherwise produce favorable results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our product candidates are still in the preclinical development stage, and the risk of failure of preclinical programs is high. Before we can commence clinical trials for a product candidate, we must complete extensive preclinical testing and studies to obtain regulatory clearance to initiate human clinical trials. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies and cannot predict if the FDA or other regulatory authorities will accept our proposed clinical programs or if the outcome of our preclinical testing and studies will ultimately support the further development of our programs. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials to begin. It is impossible to predict accurately when or if any of our product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans and will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. 
 We may experience numerous unforeseen events prior to, during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize any of our product candidates, including: 
 the FDA or other comparable regulatory authority may disagree as to the number, design or implementation of our clinical trials, or may not interpret the results from clinical trials as we do; 

regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

we may not reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different clinical trial sites; 

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results; 

we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon our product development programs; 

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate or we may fail to recruit suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

regulators may issue a clinical hold, or regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 

the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities may fail to approve our manufacturing processes or facilities; 

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; 

35 

our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, particularly given their novel, first-in-human application, causing us or our investigators, regulators or institutional review boards to suspend or terminate the clinical trials; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory for the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdiction to approve our BLA or other comparable application, the commercialization of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. 
 Clinical trials are difficult to design and implement, can be lengthy and expensive, involve uncertain outcomes and may not ultimately be successful. 
 It is impossible to predict when or if any of our current or future product candidates will prove effective and safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, we must complete preclinical studies and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Human clinical trials are expensive, can take many years to complete, and are difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval of a product and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced. As an organization, we have limited experience designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval. There is a high failure rate for oncology product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in preclinical testing and earlier-stage clinical trials. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, we may experience regulatory delays or rejections as a result of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period of our product candidate development. Any such delays could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Success in preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be predictive of results in future clinical trials. 
 Results from preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of final results. We have not yet begun clinical trials for our current product candidates, including SNS-101. For that reason, we do not know whether these candidates will be effective for the intended indications or safe in humans. Our product candidates may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in preclinical or clinical development despite positive results observed in early preclinical studies or having successfully advanced through initial clinical trials. For example, although we have generated preclinical data suggesting that the conditionally active properties of SNS-101 have the potential to lower the risk of side effects such as cytokine release syndrome, enhance the anti-tumor effects of PD-1 blockade, and produce anti-tumor activity as a monotherapy, those data were generated either from animal studies or ex vivo studies with human samples and there can be no assurances that similar results will be achieved in clinical trials of SNS-101 with human subjects. Any failure to establish sufficient efficacy and safety could cause us to abandon clinical development of our product candidates, including SNS-101. 
 Additionally, our planned clinical trial of SNS-101 will utilize an open-label study design. An open-label clinical trial is one where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved therapy or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect, as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a patient bias where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. Moreover, patients selected for early clinical studies often include the most severe sufferers and their symptoms may have been bound to improve notwithstanding the new treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. 
 Interim topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patients are enrolled and additional data become available, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 We expect to publish from time to time interim topline or preliminary data from our planned clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, 
 36 

the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our planned clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available or as patients from our clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the potential of the particular program, the likelihood of marketing approval or commercialization of the particular product candidate, any approved product, and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is derived from information that is typically extensive, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. 
 If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. 
 We depend on timely enrollment of patients in our planned clinical trials for our product candidates. If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in planned clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 

the number of patients with the disease or condition being studied; 

the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate in the trial; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating or drugs that may be used off-label for these indications; 

the size and nature of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of patients to study sites; 

the design of the clinical trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

competing clinical trials for similar therapies or other new therapeutics; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the clinical trials before completion of their treatment; and 

factors we may not be able to control, such as current or potential pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, that may limit patients, principal investigators or staff or clinical site available. 

In addition, because the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which could further reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in these clinical trial sites. 
 Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these clinical trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. In addition, many of the factors that may lead to a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 37 

The market opportunities for certain of our product candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and, therefore, may be small, and our projections regarding the size of the addressable market may be incorrect. 
 Our immuno-oncology approach is based on novel ideas and technologies that are unproven and may not result in marketable products, which makes it difficult for us to predict the time and cost of product development and potential for regulatory approval. Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first line, second line or third line, and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for third line use. When cancers are detected they are treated with first line of therapy with the intention of curing the cancer. This treatment generally consists of chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor targeted small molecules, or a combination of these. If the patient s cancer relapses, then the patient is given a second line or third line therapy, which can consist of more chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor targeted small molecules, or a combination of these. Generally, the higher the line of therapy, the lower the chance of a cure. With third or higher line, the goal of the therapy is to control the growth of the tumor and extend the life of the patient, as a cure is unlikely to happen. Patients are generally referred to clinical trials in these situations. 
 There is no guarantee that any of our product candidates, even if approved, would be approved for an early line of therapy. In addition, we may have to conduct additional large randomized clinical trials prior to gaining approval for the earlier line of therapy. 
 Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the size of the patient population subset of people with these cancers in a position to receive first, second, third and fourth line therapy and who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers. The number of patients may turn out to be fewer than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. Even if we obtain significant market share for our product candidates, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve significant revenues without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications or as part of earlier lines of therapy. 
 Adverse side effects or other safety risks associated with our product candidates could delay or preclude approval, cause us to suspend or discontinue clinical trials, cause us to abandon product candidates, could limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or could result in significant negative consequences following any potential marketing approval. 
 Our planned clinical trials will include cancer patients who are very sick and whose health is deteriorating. It is possible that some of these patients may experience similar side effects and that additional patients may die during our clinical trials for various reasons. The causes of death could include receiving our product candidates because the patient s disease is too advanced or because the patient experiences medical problems that may not be related to our product candidate. Even if the patient deaths are not related to our product candidate, the deaths could affect perceptions regarding the safety of our product candidates, including SNS-101. 
 Patient deaths and severe side effects caused by our product candidates, or by products or product candidates of other companies that are thought to have similarities with our therapeutic candidates, could result in the delay, suspension, clinical hold or termination of our clinical trials, the FDA or other regulatory authorities for a number of reasons. If we elect or are required to delay, suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any product candidates that we develop, the commercial prospects of such product candidates will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates would be delayed or eliminated. Serious adverse events observed in clinical trials could hinder or prevent market acceptance of the product candidate at issue. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, including during any long-term follow-up observation period recommended or required for patients who receive treatment using our products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such products; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning or a contraindication; 

we may be required to create a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, plan, which could include a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, a communication plan for healthcare providers, and/or other elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools; 

we may decide to remove such products from the marketplace; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

38 

Any of the foregoing could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us or any future collaboration partners from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of any other product candidate we develop. 
 Any product candidate we may develop and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate in a given jurisdiction. We have not received approval to market any product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that none of the product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the biologic product candidate s safety, purity, efficacy and potency. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Any product candidates we develop may not be effective, may be only moderately effective, or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 
 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of any product candidates we may develop, the commercial prospects for those product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues may be materially impaired. 
 Risks Related to Manufacturing and our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies, as well as our planned clinical trials. If those third parties do not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such planned clinical trials or failing to comply with regulatory requirements, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. 
 We currently rely, and with respect to planned clinical trials expect to rely, on third-party contract research organizations, or CROs, academic institutions, study sites, clinical investigators and others to conduct, supervise, and monitor our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including our planned clinical trial of SNS-101. We expect to continue to rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Although we currently have or plan to enter into agreements governing the activities of these third parties, we have limited influence over their actual performance and control only certain aspects of their activities. The failure of these third parties to successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, including as a result of the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could substantially harm our business because we may be delayed in completing or unable to complete the studies required to develop SNS-101 and other current and future product candidates, or we may not obtain marketing approval for, or commercialize, SNS-101 or our other current and future product candidates in a timely manner or at all. 
 Moreover, these agreements might terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements our product development activities could be delayed and our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for development activities reduces our control over these activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory, and scientific standards and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. We must also ensure that our preclinical studies are conducted in accordance with the FDA s GLP regulations, as appropriate. 
 39 

Moreover, the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities require us to comply with GCPs for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical investigators, and trial sites. If we or any of our third parties fail to comply with applicable GCPs or other regulatory requirements, we or they may be subject to enforcement or other legal actions, the data generated in our trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional studies. In addition, we will be required to report certain financial interests of our third-party investigators if these relationships exceed certain financial thresholds or meet other criteria. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may question the integrity of the data from those clinical trials conducted by investigators who may have conflicts of interest. 
 We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our planned clinical trials comply with the applicable regulatory requirements. In addition, our planned clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates that were produced under cGMP regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We also are required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of certain completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in enforcement actions and adverse publicity. 
 The third parties with which we work may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting trials or other therapeutic development activities that could harm our competitive position. In addition, such third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to the development of our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical studies or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, if these parties are adversely impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic limiting or materially affecting their ability to carry out their contractual duties, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our trials may be repeated, extended, delayed, or terminated; we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for current and future product candidates; we may not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize current and future product candidates; or we or they may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for current and future product candidates may be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. To the extent we are unable to successfully identify and manage the performance of third-party service providers in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 We collaborate with academic institutions for the development of our product candidates, including, for instance, our collaboration with the University of Washington pursuant to which we are conducting preclinical studies for our SNS-101 program. We may enter into additional collaborations for our other current or future product candidates or technologies. We cannot control the timing or quantity of resources that our existing or future collaborators will dedicate to research, preclinical and clinical development. Our collaborators may not perform their obligations according to our expectations or standards of quality. Our collaborators could terminate our existing agreements for a number of reasons. 
 We will also rely on other third parties to store and distribute our product candidates for the clinical trials that we plan to conduct. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development, marketing approval, or commercialization of current and future product candidates, which could result in additional losses and deprive us of potential product revenue. 
 If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative providers or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional third parties involves additional cost and requires management s time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays could occur, which could compromise our ability to meet our desired development timelines. 
 We expect that certain of our current and future product candidates, including SNS-101, will be evaluated in combination with third-party drugs, and we will have limited or no control over the supply, regulatory status, or regulatory approval of such drugs. 
 We expect that certain of our current and future product candidates, including SNS-101, will be evaluated in combination with checkpoint inhibitors, or CPIs. Our ability to develop and ultimately commercialize current and future product candidates used in combination with CPIs or other compounds will depend on our ability to access such drugs on commercially reasonable terms for clinical trials and their availability for use with the commercialized product, if approved. In January 2023, we entered into a supply agreement with Regeneron to evaluate SNS-101 in combination with cemiplimab in our planned Phase 1/2 clinical trial. However, we cannot be certain that such agreement or any future commercial relationships will provide us with a steady supply of such drugs on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 40 

Any failure to enter into successful commercial relationships, or inability to source or purchase CPIs or other potential combination agents in the market, may delay our development timelines, increase our costs and jeopardize our ability to develop SNS-101 and other current and future product candidates as potential combination therapies, which may materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects. Moreover, the development of product candidates for use in combination with another product or product candidate may present challenges that are not encountered when developing single-agent product candidates. For example, the FDA may require us to use more complex clinical trial designs in order to evaluate the contribution of each product and product candidate to any observed effects. Additionally, following product approval, the FDA may require that products used in conjunction with each other be cross labeled for combined use. To the extent that we do not have rights to the other product, this may require us to work with a third party under terms unfavorable to us to satisfy such a requirement. Moreover, developments related to the other product may impact our clinical trials for the combination as well as our commercial prospects should we receive marketing approval. Such developments may include changes to the other product s safety or efficacy profile, changes to the availability of the approved product, and changes to the standard of care. 
 In the event that Regeneron or any potential future collaborator or supplier cannot continue to supply their products on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to identify alternatives for accessing such CPIs. Additionally, should the supply from Regeneron or any future collaborator or supplier be interrupted, delayed or otherwise be unavailable to us or our collaborators, our clinical collaborations may be delayed. In the event we are unable to source an alternative supply, or are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 We currently rely on CMOs for the production of SNS-101 and we expect to rely on CMOs for our other product candidates. This reliance on CMOs increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of such materials, product candidates, or any therapies that we may develop and commercialize, or that such supply will not be available to us at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent, or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities for our TMAb product candidates. Instead, we expect to rely on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates and related raw materials for future pre-clinical and clinical development, as well as for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval. We have entered into arrangements with a limited number of third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, as part of our development of our TMAb product candidates. These CMOs will provide drug substance intermediate and drug product that will be subsequently labeled, packaged and distributed to our CROs. We may also enter into agreements with additional companies for the supply of substances for use in the development of our TMAb product candidates or any future product candidates or for the manufacture of such product candidates. 
 We or our third-party suppliers or manufacturers may encounter shortages in the raw materials or active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, necessary to produce SNS-101 or any other current and future product candidates we may develop in the quantities needed for our clinical trials or, if any current or future product candidates we may develop are approved, in sufficient quantities for commercialization or to meet an increase in demand, as a result of capacity constraints or delays or disruptions in the market for the raw materials or API, including shortages caused by the purchase of such raw materials or API by our competitors or others. Even if raw materials or API are available, we may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities at an acceptable cost or quality. The failure by us or our third-party suppliers or manufacturers to obtain the raw materials or API necessary to manufacture sufficient quantities of any current or future product candidates we may develop could delay, prevent or impair our development efforts and may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The facilities used by third-party manufacturers to manufacture SNS-101 or any other current or future product candidates must be authorized by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit a BLA to the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, third-party manufacturers for compliance with cGMP requirements for manufacture of drug products and other laws and regulations. If these third-party manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of third-party manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which could significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 Finding new CMOs or third-party suppliers involves additional cost and requires our management s time and focus. In addition, there is typically a transition period when a new CMO commences work. Although we do not intend to begin a clinical trial unless we believe we have on hand, or will be able to obtain, a sufficient supply of our product candidates to complete the clinical trial, any significant delay in the supply of our product candidates or the raw materials needed to produce our product candidates, could considerably delay conducting our planned clinical trials and potential regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. Additionally, any changes implemented by a new CMO could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging 
 41 

clinical trials or studies, require the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our current and future product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 If any CMO with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we may not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with a different CMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In either scenario, our clinical trials or commercial supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our products or product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change CMOs for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new CMO maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidate according to the specifications previously submitted to or approved by the FDA or another regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CMO could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a CMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidates that such CMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CMO or require us to obtain a license from such CMO in order to have another CMO manufacture our product candidates or products. In addition, in the case of CMOs that supply our product candidates, changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. 
 As part of their manufacture of our product candidates, our CMO and third-party suppliers are expected to comply with and respect the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others. If our CMO or third-party supplier fails to acquire the proper licenses or otherwise infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property or proprietary rights of others in the course of providing services to us, we may have to find alternative CMOs or third-party suppliers or defend against applicable claims, either of which could significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. 
 Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. In addition, we may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. 
 Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 failure of third-party manufacturers to comply with regulatory requirements and maintain quality assurance; 

breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

failure to manufacture our product according to our specifications; 

failure to manufacture our product according to our schedule or at all; 

production difficulties caused by unforeseen events that may delay the availability of one or more of the necessary raw materials or delay the manufacture of any current or future product candidates for use in clinical trials or for commercial supply, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

Any product candidates that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval, and any related remedial measures may be costly or time-consuming to implement. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a second source for all required raw materials used in the manufacture of our product candidates. If our current third-party CMO cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturer and we may be unable to replace them on a timely basis or at all. 
 Because we rely on a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials used in our drug candidates, any delay, shortage or interruption in the supply of such raw materials or contamination in our manufacturing process could lead to delays in the manufacture and supply of our drug candidates. 
 42 

We rely on third-parties to supply certain raw materials necessary to produce our drug candidates for preclinical studies and planned clinical trials. For example, we rely on third-parties to supply certain reagents, which are substances used in our manufacturing processes to bring about chemical or biological reactions, and other specialty materials and equipment, some of which are manufactured or supplied by small companies with limited resources. There are a small number of suppliers for certain raw materials that we use to manufacture our drug candidates. We work with our CMOs to purchase these materials from our suppliers who may not always have long-term supply agreements in place, which could expose us to a variety of risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to our contract manufacturing caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment of our product candidates, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales with respect to any approved products. Any significant delay in the supply of raw materials for our drug candidates for a preclinical study or a clinical trial due to the need to replace a third-party supplier could considerably delay completion of certain preclinical studies and/or clinical trials. Moreover, if we are unable to purchase sufficient raw materials after regulatory approval for our drug candidates, the commercial launch of our drug candidates could be delayed, or there could be a supply shortage, each of which could impair our ability to generate revenues from their sale. 
 In addition, a material shortage, contamination, recall or restriction on the use of substances in the manufacture of our drug candidates, or the failure of any of our key suppliers to deliver necessary components required for the manufacture of our drug candidates, could adversely impact or disrupt the commercial manufacture or the production of clinical material, which could materially and adversely affect our development timelines and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 We have entered, and may in the future enter into, partnership agreements with third parties for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our prospects with respect to those product candidates will depend in significant part on the success of those collaborations. 
 The advancement of our product candidates and development programs and the potential commercialization of our current and future product candidates will require substantial additional cash to fund expenses. For some of our programs, we may decide to collaborate with additional pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to development and potential commercialization. As such, we have entered into and may seek to enter into additional collaborations or partnerships with third parties for the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Should we seek to collaborate with a third party with respect to a prospective development program, we may not be able to locate a suitable partner or to enter into an agreement on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we succeed in securing partners for the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we have limited control over the time and resources that our partners may dedicate to the development and commercialization of our product candidates. In order to optimize the launch and market penetration of certain of our future product candidates, we may enter into distribution and marketing agreements with pharmaceutical industry leaders. For these product candidates, we would not market our products alone once they have obtained marketing authorization. These partnerships pose a number of risks, including the following: 
 partners may not have sufficient resources or decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints such as budget limitations, lack of human resources or a change in strategic focus; 

partners may believe our intellectual property is not valid or is unenforceable or the product candidate infringes on the intellectual property rights of others; 

partners may dispute their responsibility to conduct development and commercialization activities pursuant to the applicable collaboration, including the payment of related costs or the division of any revenues; 

partners may decide to pursue a competitive product developed outside of the collaboration arrangement; 

partners may not be able to obtain, or believe they cannot obtain, the necessary regulatory approvals; or 

partners may delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates in favor of developing or commercializing another party s product candidate. 

Thus, partnership agreements may not lead to development, regulatory approval or successful commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. Some partnership agreements are terminable without cause on short notice. Once a partnership agreement is signed, it may not lead to regulatory approval and commercialization of a product candidate. We also face competition in seeking out partners. If we are unable to secure new collaborations that achieve the collaborator s objectives and meet our expectations, we may be unable to advance our product candidates and may not generate meaningful revenues. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 43 

We are exposed to the risk that our employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate the regulations of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad; or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of our Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
 Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import and export are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Before we can commercialize any of our product candidates, we must obtain marketing approval. Currently, all of our product candidates are in development, and we have not received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. It is possible that our product candidates, including any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future, will never obtain regulatory approval. Whether the results from our clinical trials will suffice to obtain approval will be a review issue and the FDA may not grant approval and may require that we conduct one or more controlled clinical trials to obtain approval. Additionally, even if FDA does grant approval for one or more of our product candidates, it may be for a more narrow indication than we seek. Regulatory authorities, including the FDA, also may impose significant limitations in the form of narrow indications, warnings or a REMS. These regulatory authorities may require labeling that includes precautions or contra-indications with respect to conditions of use, or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of any product candidates we may develop. 
 We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs and/or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. In addition, regulatory authorities may find fault with our manufacturing process or facilities or that of third-party contract manufacturers. We may also face greater than expected difficulty in manufacturing our product candidates. 
 The process of obtaining regulatory approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive and often takes many years. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority requires that we perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, approval, if obtained at all, may be delayed. The length of such a delay varies substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted BLA, premarket approval application, or equivalent application types, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Our product candidates could be delayed in receiving, or fail to receive, regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 44 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

we may not be able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical studies; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication or a related companion diagnostic is suitable to identify appropriate patient populations; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change such that our clinical data are insufficient for approval. 

Even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, thereby narrowing the commercial potential of the product candidate. In addition, regulatory authorities may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 We may submit marketing applications in countries other than the United States. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In short, the foreign regulatory approval process involves all of the risks associated with FDA approval. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we may intend to charge for our products will also be subject to approval. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our product candidates, if approved, could be subject to post-market study requirements, marketing and labeling restrictions, and even recall or market withdrawal if unanticipated safety issues are discovered following approval. In addition, we may be subject to penalties or other enforcement action if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export, recordkeeping, monitoring, and reporting for our product will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration and listing, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs 
 45 

for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product. 
 The FDA may require a REMS in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

revision to the labeling, including limitations on approved uses or the addition of additional warnings, contraindications or other safety information, including boxed warnings; 

imposition of a REMS, which may include distribution or use restrictions; 

requirements to conduct additional post-market clinical trials to assess the safety of the product; 

fines, warning letters or other regulatory enforcement action; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which could adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 If we are unable to successfully validate, develop and obtain regulatory approval for any required companion diagnostic tests for our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, we may fail to obtain approval or may not realize the full commercial potential of these product candidates. 
 In connection with the clinical development of our product candidates for certain indications, we may develop or engage third parties to develop or obtain access to in vitro companion diagnostic tests to identify patient subsets within a disease category who may derive benefit from our product candidates. Such companion diagnostics may be used during our clinical trials and may be required in connection with the FDA approval of our product candidates. To be successful, we or our collaborators will need to address a number of scientific, technical, regulatory and logistical challenges. Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation by the FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities as medical devices and require separate regulatory approval prior to commercialization. 
 We may rely on third parties for the design, development and manufacture of companion diagnostic tests for our therapeutic product candidates that may require such tests. If we enter into such collaborative agreements, we will be dependent on the sustained cooperation and effort of our future collaborators in developing and obtaining approval for these companion diagnostics. We and our future collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing and obtaining approval for the companion diagnostics, including issues relating to selectivity/specificity, analytical validation, reproducibility, or clinical validation of companion diagnostics. We and our future collaborators also may encounter difficulties in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing and commercializing companion diagnostics similar to those we face with respect to our therapeutic product candidates themselves, including issues with achieving regulatory clearance or approval, production of sufficient quantities at commercial scale and with appropriate quality standards, and in gaining market acceptance. If we are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for these therapeutic product candidates, or experience delays in doing so, the development of these therapeutic product candidates may be adversely affected, these therapeutic product candidates may not obtain marketing approval or such approval may be delayed, and we may not realize the full commercial potential of any of these therapeutics that obtain marketing approval. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, a diagnostic company with whom we contract may decide to discontinue developing, selling or manufacturing the companion diagnostic test that we anticipate using in connection with development and commercialization of our product candidates or our relationship with such diagnostic company may otherwise terminate. We may not be able to enter into arrangements with another diagnostic company to obtain supplies of an alternative diagnostic test for use in connection with the development and commercialization of our product candidates or do so on commercially reasonable terms, which could adversely affect and/or delay the development or commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates. 
 46 

Our relationships with customers, healthcare professionals, and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to significant penalties, including criminal sanctions, administrative civil penalties, exclusion from government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Our current and future business operations and activities may subject us to additional healthcare statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign governments in which we conduct our business. Healthcare providers and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research as well as market, sell and distribute our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of ownership, pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers, on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, on the other. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal civil and criminal false claims, including the federal False Claims Act, or FCA, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalties laws, which impose criminal and civil penalties against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false of fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the Sunshine Act under the ACA, require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program to report to the CMS, information related to transfers of value made to physicians (currently defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as nurse practitioners and physicians assistants), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests of such physicians and their immediate family members; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 and its implementing regulations, impose obligations on certain covered entity healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information as well as their covered subcontractors, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and 

analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other health care providers or marketing expenditures. Some state and local laws require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Further, many state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities, including compensation of physicians with stock or stock options, could, despite efforts to comply, be subject to challenge under current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or 
 47 

other healthcare laws and regulations. Ensuring that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations, including anticipated activities to be conducted by our sales team, were to be found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our current or future product candidates or any future product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell a product for which we obtain marketing approval. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements, (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling, (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. In the U.S., there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in March 2010, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or the ACA was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjected biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, addressed a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 70 (increased pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 
 There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructs certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. Further, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 per fiscal year, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 48 

There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, the former Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. 
 At the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional health care authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other health care programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our products, once approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. 
 We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, particularly in light of the new U.S. presidential administration, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our current or future product candidates or additional pricing pressures. In particular any policy changes through CMS as well as local state Medicaid programs could have a significant impact on our business in light of the higher proportion of SCD patients that utilize Medicare and Medicaid programs to pay for treatments. 
 Our revenue prospects could be affected by changes in healthcare spending and policy in the U.S. and abroad. We operate in a highly regulated industry and new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery or payment for healthcare products and services could negatively impact our business, operations and financial condition. 
 There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future, including repeal, replacement or significant revisions to the ACA. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: 
 the demand for our current or future product candidates, if we obtain regulatory approval; 

our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; 

our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; 

our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; 

the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and 

the availability of capital. 

Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 We are subject to the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or the Bribery Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws, as well as export control laws, import and customs laws, trade and economic sanctions laws and other laws governing our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the Bribery Act, the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and other anti-corruption laws that apply in countries where we do business. The Bribery Act, the FCPA and these other laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from authorizing, promising, 
 49 

offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper or prohibited payments, or anything else of value, to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. Under the Bribery Act, we may also be liable for failing to prevent a person associated with us from committing a bribery offense. We and our commercial partners operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential Bribery Act, or FCPA, violations, and we participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose corrupt or illegal activities could potentially subject us to liability under the Bribery Act, FCPA or local anti-corruption laws, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. In addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. 
 We are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States, and authorities in the European Union, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions and embargoes on certain countries and persons, anti-money laundering laws, import and customs requirements and currency exchange regulations, collectively referred to as the Trade Control laws. 
 There is no assurance that we will be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including the Bribery Act, the FCPA or other legal requirements, including Trade Control laws. If we are not in compliance with the Bribery Act, the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of the Bribery Act, the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws or Trade Control laws by United Kingdom, United States or other authorities could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of our Product Candidates 
 If we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our product candidates, or enter into sales, marketing and distribution agreements with third parties, we may not be successful in commercializing our product candidates, if approved. 
 We currently plan to work to build our global commercialization capabilities internally over time such that we are able to commercialize any product candidate for which we may obtain regulatory approval. However, we currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities and have no experience in marketing or distributing pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success for any product candidate for which we may obtain marketing approval, we will need to expand our sales and marketing organization and establish logistics and distribution processes to commercialize and deliver our product candidates to patients and healthcare providers. The development of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities will require substantial resources, will be time-consuming and could delay any product launch. 
 If we are unable or decide not to establish internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we would have to pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our products. However, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market and distribute our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us, or if we are able to do so, that they would be effective and successful in commercializing our products. Our product 
 50 

revenues and our profitability, if any, would likely to be lower than if we were to sell, market and distribute any product candidates that we develop ourselves. In addition, we would have limited control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our product candidates effectively. 
 If we do not establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our product candidates in the United States or overseas. 
 We operate in a rapidly changing industry and face significant competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. 
 The development and commercialization of new biopharmaceutical products is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological advancements. We face competition from major multi-national pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and specialty pharmaceutical companies with respect to our current and future product candidates that we may develop and commercialize in the future. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of product candidates for the treatment of cancer. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. 
 In addition to the current standard of care treatments for patients with cancers, numerous commercial and academic preclinical studies and clinical trials are being undertaken by a large number of parties to assess novel technologies and product candidates in the field of immuno-oncology. Results from these studies and trials have fueled increasing levels of interest in the field of immuno-oncology. 
 Large pharmaceutical companies that have commercialized or are developing immunotherapies to treat cancer include AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, and Roche/Genentech. In addition, we may compete with other immuno-oncology companies in our industry, such as Curis, Hummingbird Bioscience, Kineta, PharmAbcine and Pierre Fabre, each of which are developing antibodies targeting VISTA, the target of our lead product candidate SNS-101. 
 Our competitors with development-stage programs may obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities for their product candidates more rapidly than we do, and they could establish a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing technologies and products that are more effective, more effectively marketed and sold or less costly than any product candidates that we may develop, which could render our product candidates non-competitive and obsolete. 
 Many of our competitors, either alone or with their strategic collaborators, have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do. Accordingly, our competitors may be more successful than we are in obtaining approval for treatments and achieving widespread market acceptance, which may render our treatments obsolete or non-competitive. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive or better reimbursed than any products that we may commercialize. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position for either the product or a specific indication before we are able to enter the market. 
 Even if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 Even if we obtain approvals from the FDA or other comparable regulatory agencies and are able to initiate commercialization of our product candidates or any other product candidates we develop, the product candidate may not achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, including pharmacy directors, and third-party payors and, ultimately, may not be commercially successful. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; 

physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, and patients considering our product candidates as a safe and effective treatment; 

the potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

51 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA; 

the timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; 

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; 

the amount of upfront costs or training required for physicians to administer our product candidates; 

the availability of coverage, adequate reimbursement from, and our ability to negotiate pricing with, third-party payors and government authorities; 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of comprehensive coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors and government authorities; 

relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; and 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and distribution support 

Our efforts to educate physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community on the benefits of our product candidates, if approved, may require significant resources and may never be successful. Such efforts may require more resources than are typically required due to the complexity and uniqueness of our product candidates. Because we expect sales of our product candidates, if approved, to generate substantially all of our product revenue for the foreseeable future, the failure of our product candidates to find market acceptance could harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing. 
 In addition, although we are not utilizing embryonic stem cells or replication competent vectors, adverse publicity due to the ethical and social controversies surrounding the therapeutic use of such technologies, and reported side effects from any clinical trials using these technologies or the failure of such trials to demonstrate that these therapies are safe and effective, may limit market acceptance our product candidates. If our product candidates are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. 
 Even if our product candidates, if approved, achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. 
 Coverage and adequate reimbursement may not be available for our current or any future product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell profitably, if approved. 
 Market acceptance and sales of any product candidates, if approved, that we commercialize will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors, including government health administration authorities, managed care organizations and private health insurers. Third-party payors decide which therapies they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS, an agency within HHS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. However, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any product candidates that we develop will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for the drug. Additionally, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a therapy does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment will be approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. We may incur significant costs to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our product candidates, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. 
 Each payor determines whether or not it will provide coverage for a therapy, what amount it will pay the manufacturer for the therapy, and on what tier of its list of covered drugs, or formulary, it will be placed. The position on a payor s formulary, generally determines the co-payment that a patient will need to make to obtain the therapy and can strongly influence the adoption of such therapy by patients and physicians. Patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers prescribing such services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are unlikely to use our products, and providers are unlikely to prescribe our products, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products and their administration. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to new medical product acceptance. 
 52 

In addition, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical or biological products, will apply to companion diagnostics. Additionally, if any companion diagnostic provider is unable to obtain reimbursement or is inadequately reimbursed, that may limit the availability of such companion diagnostic, which could negatively impact prescriptions for our product candidates, if approved. 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Inadequate coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any drug for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and adequate reimbursement are not available, or are available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our current and any future product candidates that we develop. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of medicines under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenues and profits. 
 We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States or elsewhere will be available for any product that we may develop, and any reimbursement that may become available may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any products that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy; 

decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

significant costs to defend the resulting litigation; 

substantial monetary awards paid to clinical trial participants or patients; 

loss of revenue; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

We currently do not have product liability in place as the cost of coverage exceeds the covered amount during clinical trials. Once we are ready for a product launch, we intend to bind a policy with product liability insurance coverage in the aggregate and a per incident limit at an amount adequate to cover estimated liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials or if we commence commercialization of our product candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC 
 53 

and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which could adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times, and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technologies and product candidates, including SNS-101, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and biologics similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and product candidates may be impaired. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States, Canada, China, the European Union and other countries with respect to our product candidates. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications related to our technology and product candidates in the major pharmaceutical markets, including the United States, Canada, China, major countries in Europe and Japan. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage that we may have, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. 
 To protect our proprietary positions, we typically file patent applications in the United States and other countries related to our novel technologies and product candidates that are important to our business. The patent application and prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may also fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development before it is too late to obtain patent protection. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, such as with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope or patent term adjustments. If any current or future licensors or licensees are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised and we might not be able to prevent third parties from making, using and selling competing products. If there are material defects in the form or preparation of our patents or patent applications, such patents or applications may be invalid and unenforceable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties. 
 It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. The patent applications that we own may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our current and future product candidates in the United States or in other foreign countries. Our patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless, and until, a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover the technology. 
 If the patent applications we hold with respect to our development programs and product candidates fail to issue, if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for our current and future product candidates, it could threaten our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Any such outcome could have a negative effect on our business. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. In addition, the protections offered by laws of different countries vary. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the determination of patent rights with respect to pharmaceutical compounds and technologies commonly involves complex legal and factual questions, which has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Furthermore, recent changes in patent laws in the United States, may affect the scope, strength and enforceability of our patent rights or the nature of proceedings that may be brought by or against us related to our patent rights. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. federal courts, and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain patents or to enforce any patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 54 

We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our current and future our product candidates. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Similarly, should we own any patents or patent applications in the future, we may not be certain that we were the first to file for patent protection for the inventions claimed in such patents or patent applications. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity and commercial value of our patent rights cannot be predicted with any certainty. Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review or interference proceedings, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or product candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights, which could significantly harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or product candidates, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Even if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection against competing products or processes sufficient to achieve our business objectives, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents, should they issue, by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. Our competitors may seek approval to market their own products similar to or otherwise competitive with our products. In these circumstances, we may need to defend and/or assert our patents, including by filing lawsuits alleging patent infringement. In any of these types of proceedings, a court or other agency with jurisdiction may find our patents invalid and/or unenforceable. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could significantly harm our business. 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our TMAb technology without infringing the intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous third-party U.S. and non-U.S. issued patents exist in the area of biotechnology, including in the area of monoclonal antibodies and including patents held by our competitors. If any third-party patents cover our product candidates or technologies, we may not be free to manufacture or commercialize our product candidates as planned. 
 There is a substantial amount of intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become party to, or threatened with, litigation or other adversarial proceedings regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our technology or product candidates, including interference proceedings before the USPTO. Intellectual property disputes arise in a number of areas including with respect to patents, use of other proprietary rights and the contractual terms of license arrangements. Third parties may assert claims against us based on existing or future intellectual property rights and claims may also come from competitors against whom our own patent portfolio may have no deterrent effect. The outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance. Other parties may allege that our product candidates or the use of our technologies infringes patent claims or other intellectual property rights held by them or that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. As we continue to develop and, if approved, commercialize our current and future product candidates, competitors may claim that our technology infringes their intellectual property rights as part of business strategies designed to impede our successful commercialization. There are and may in the future be additional third-party patents or patent applications with claims to, for example, materials, compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of any one or more of our product candidates. Moreover, we may fail to identify relevant third party patents or patent applications, or we may incorrectly conclude that the claims of an issued patent are invalid or are not infringed by our activities. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, third parties may have currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that any of our product candidates may infringe, or which such third parties claim are infringed by our technologies. 
 If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing product candidate or product. Alternatively, we may be required or may choose to obtain a license from such third party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing or 
 55 

marketing the infringing product candidate. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative effect on our business. Even if successful, the defense of any claim of infringement or misappropriation is time-consuming, expensive and diverts the attention of our management from our ongoing business operations. 
 We may need to license intellectual property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 A third party may hold intellectual property rights, including patent rights, that are important or necessary to the development or manufacture of our product candidates. It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our product candidates, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and we could be forced to accept unfavorable contractual terms. If we are unable to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be harmed. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive practice, and companies that may be more established, or have greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their larger size and cash resources or greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. We may not be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents, if issued, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors, and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 In any infringement litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or successfully challenging our intellectual property rights. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a negative impact on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we or our employees have misappropriated their intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of third parties in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employer. We may also in the future be subject to claims that 
 56 

we have caused an employee to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these potential claims. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, such employees and contractors may breach the agreement and claim the developed intellectual property as their own. 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A court could prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to our products if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employers. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. In addition, any litigation or threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent service providers. Moreover, a loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our products. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our owned patent rights and other intellectual property. 
 We generally enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. For example, disputes may arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our technology and product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Any trademarks we may obtain may be infringed or successfully challenged, resulting in harm to our business. 
 We expect to rely on trademarks as one means to distinguish any of our product candidates that are approved for marketing from the products of our competitors. We have not yet selected trademarks for our product candidates and have not yet begun the process of applying to register trademarks for our product candidates. Once we select trademarks and apply to register them, our trademark applications may not be approved. Third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Our competitors may infringe our trademarks and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 
 In addition, any proprietary name we propose to use with our product candidates or any other product candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of the potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable proprietary product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patent and trademark protection for our product candidates, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures of our intellectual property is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be effective. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Furthermore, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. 
 Moreover, our competitors may independently develop knowledge, methods and know-how equivalent to our trade secrets. Competitors could purchase our products and replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts for technologies on which we do not have patent protection. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 57 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less extensive than those in the United States. In some cases, we may not be able to obtain patent protection for certain technology outside the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States, even in jurisdictions where we do pursue patent protection. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, even in jurisdictions where we do pursue patent protection or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. 
 Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates and preclinical programs and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents, if pursued and obtained, or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance and annuity fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and patent agencies outside the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our products or product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would harm our business. In addition, to the extent that we have responsibility for taking any action related to the prosecution or maintenance of patents or patent application in-licensed from a third party, any failure on our part to maintain the in-licensed rights could jeopardize our rights under the relevant license and may expose us to liability. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 We will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had 28 full-time employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, and as we continue operating as a public company, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, financial and other personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the preclinical, clinical and FDA review processes for our product candidates; and 

improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

There are a small number of individuals with experience in immuno-oncology and the competition for these individuals is high. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 58 

If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key members of senior management and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biopharmaceutical industry depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management, research and development, clinical, financial and business development personnel. Our senior management may terminate their employment with us at any time, and we do not maintain key person insurance for any of our employees. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and clinical personnel and, if we progress the development of any of our product candidates, commercialization, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel, will be critical to our success. The loss of the services of members of our senior management or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing members of our senior management and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize our product candidates. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers, as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. Competition to hire from this limited candidate pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 
 If we engage in future acquisitions or strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks. 
 From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions and strategic collaborations, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies or businesses, as we may deem appropriate to carry out our business plan. For instance, in May 2020, we acquired Alvaxa Biosciences LLC to obtain nanobody assets and know-how. Any potential acquisition or strategic collaboration may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s attention from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic partnership, merger or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 

our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

Additionally, if we undertake future acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expenses. Moreover, we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities and this inability could impair our ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development of our business. 
 Risks Related to our Securities and our Status as a Public Company 
 An active trading market for our common stock may not continue to develop or be sustained. 
 Prior to our initial public offering, there was no public market for our common stock, and we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our shares will continue to develop or be sustained. As a result, it may be difficult for you to sell shares at an attractive price or at all. 
 59 

The trading price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. The stock market in general and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the price paid for the common stock. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, these factors include: 
 the commencement, enrollment or results of our planned and future clinical trials; 

positive or negative results from, or delays in, testing and clinical trials by us, collaborators or competitors; 

the loss of any of our key scientific or management personnel; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

the success of competitive products or technologies; 

adverse actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our clinical trials or manufacturers; 

changes or developments in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates and preclinical program; 

changes in the structure and scope of health care payment systems; 

changes to our relationships with collaborators, manufacturers or suppliers; 

concerns regarding the safety of our product candidates or TMAb platform in general; 

announcements concerning our competitors or the pharmaceutical industry in general; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

potential acquisitions, financing, collaborations or other corporate transactions; 

the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional product candidates; 

the trading volume of our common stock on Nasdaq; 

sales of our common stock by us, members of our senior management and directors or our stockholders or the anticipation that such sales may occur in the future; 

general economic, political, and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations of comparable companies and, in particular, those that operate in the biopharmaceutical industry; 

investors general perception of us and our business; and 

other events and factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

These and other market and industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our actual operating performance, which may limit or prevent investors from selling their common stock at or above the price paid for the common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general, and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. 
 Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their shares have been the subject of securities class action litigation. From time to time, we have been, and may continue to be, subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. For instance, during 2017, we became actively involved, along with other defendants, in a breach of contract claim in the Ontario (Canada) Superior Court of Justice seeking declaratory and other relief, including monetary damages. While we believe there is no merit to the allegations of that claim, any lawsuit to which we are a party, with or without merit, may result in an unfavorable judgment. We also may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms. 
 Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages or fines, damage to our reputation or adverse changes to our business practices. Defending against litigation is costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management s attention and our resources. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, there could be negative public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 60 

Our business and operations could be negatively affected by any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategies and impact our share price. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Shareholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing recently. Volatility in the stock price of our common stock or other securities or other reasons may in the future cause us to become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. 
 In March 2023, Apeiron Investment Group Ltd., or Apeiron, nominated three candidates to stand for election at our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The date for the annual meeting has not yet been determined. Further, during the course of discussions with Apeiron and in public communications, Apeiron has suggested a proposal for our board of director s consideration, including that we conduct a tender offer as a means to return capital to stockholders. We expect to continue to engage with Apeiron on these and other topics. 
 Securities litigation and shareholder activism, including proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management's and the Board s attention and resources from our business. Further, the contested election of directors by Apeiron, a future proxy contests, or other shareholder activism would most likely result in significant legal fees and proxy solicitation expenses and require significant time and attention. The potential of a proxy contest or other shareholder activism could interfere with our ability to execute on our strategic plan, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, result in the loss of potential business opportunities or make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Further, our share price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and shareholder activism. 
 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale, but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our shares of common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 
 In addition, we have filed registration statements registering the issuance of approximately 8.8 million shares of common stock subject to options or other equity awards issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. Shares registered under these registration statements will be available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and, in the case of our affiliates, the restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 Additionally, certain holders of our common stock, or their transferees, have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file one or more registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If we were to register the resale of these shares, they could be freely sold in the public market. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, compliance with any new requirements adopted by the PCAOB, disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and the requirements of holding advisory say-on-pay votes on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation not previously approved. Certain of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions are also available to us due to the fact that we qualify as a smaller reporting company under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are 
 61 

not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis, are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure and may present only two years of audited financial statements and related MD A disclosure. 
 Under the JOBS Act, we will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700.0 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (3) the issuance, in any three-year period, by our company of more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (4) December 31, 2026, which is the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act. Under current SEC rules, however, we will continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company for so long as (i) we have a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our shares of common stock to be less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares of common stock, and our share price may be more volatile. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies also can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. Therefore, the reported results of operations contained in our consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable to those of other public companies. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 We do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, on our common stock will be your sole source of gains for the foreseeable future. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 Our net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities because of their limited duration or because of restrictions under U.S. tax law. U.S. federal NOLs generated in taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018 are permitted to be carried forward for only 20 taxable years under applicable U.S. federal income tax law. Under the Tax Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such NOLs generally will be limited in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 to 80 of current year taxable income. The extent to which state income tax law will conform to the Tax Act and CARES Act is uncertain. As of December 31, 2022, we had NOL carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of approximately 117.2 million and 39.9 million, respectively, a portion of which expire beginning in 2023. Net operating loss carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017 for federal tax reporting purposes of 76.8 million have an indefinite life. The remaining federal net operating losses are subject to a 20-year carryforward period. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (as defined under Section 382 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We have not determined whether our NOLs are limited under Section 382 of the Code. We may have experienced an ownership change in the past, and may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to reduce future income tax liabilities, including for state tax purposes. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue incurring significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a company whose common stock is publicly traded, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 62 

As a newly public company, we have incurred significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur previously. These expenses will likely be even more significant after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies in the United States, including the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our senior management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, which in turn could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified senior management personnel or members for our board of directors. 
 However, these rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 Pursuant to Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our senior management on our internal control over financial reporting. However, while we remain an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company, we will not be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To prepare for eventual compliance with Section 404, we will be engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America, will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America, will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative claim or cause of action brought on our behalf; 

any claim or cause of action for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 

any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 

any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 

any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 

any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, or any claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If any other court of competent jurisdiction were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 63 

Insiders have substantial influence over us and could cause us to take actions that may not be, or refrain from taking actions that may be, in our best interest or in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we believe that our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, together with their affiliates, owned, in the aggregate, approximately 47 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, if these or certain of these stockholders were to choose to act together, they may be able to affect the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs, such as: 
 the composition of our board of directors; 

the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 

the approval of mergers or sales of substantially all of our assets; 

our capital structure and financing; and 

the approval of contracts between us and these stockholders or their affiliates, which could involve conflicts of interest. 

This concentration of ownership could harm the market price of our common stock by: 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company and making some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders, even if such transactions are beneficial to other stockholders; 

impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our company; or 

requiring us to engage in transactions that may not be agreeable to or in the best interest of us or other stockholders. 

General Risk Factors 
 Our business, operations and clinical development plans and timelines, as well as the manufacturing, clinical trial and other business activities performed by us or by third parties with whom we conduct business, including our contract manufacturers, CROs, shippers, equipment suppliers and others, could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics wherever we have clinical trial sites or other business operations. In addition, health epidemics could cause significant disruption in the operations of third-party manufacturers, CROs and other third parties upon whom we rely. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response had a significant impact on businesses and commerce worldwide, as worker shortages occurred; supply chains were disrupted; facilities and production were suspended across a variety of industries; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, spiked, while demand for other goods and services, such as travel, fell. On March 18, 2020, the FDA issued updated industry guidance for conducting clinical trials during the COVID-19 pandemic, which requires clinical trial sponsors to consider the need to delay or cease patient recruitment, change protocol regarding patient monitoring and assessment that minimizes in-person visits, alternative administration of certain investigational products due to compromised clinical sites and to put in place new processes or modify existing processes in consultation with the FDA that would ensure the safety of clinical trial participants. In connection with COVID-19, we have allowed flexible work-from-home arrangements for certain employees, and we follow all city, state, and federal guidelines in regard to safe work policies. The effects of government orders may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and delay our clinical programs and timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. 
 If our relationships with our suppliers or other vendors are terminated or scaled back as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative suppliers or vendors or do so on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner. Switching or adding additional suppliers or vendors involves substantial cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new supplier or vendor commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which could adversely impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development and any future commercialization timelines. Although we carefully manage our relationships with our suppliers and vendors, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not harm our business. 
 In addition, our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Clinical site initiation, patient enrollment and activities that require visits to clinical sites, including data monitoring, may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 pandemic or concerns among patients about participating in clinical trials during a pandemic. Some patients may have difficulty following certain aspects of clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. These challenges may also increase the costs of completing our clinical trials. Similarly, if we are unable to successfully recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19 or experience additional restrictions by their institutions, city or state, our clinical trial operations could be adversely impacted. 
 64 

The spread of COVID-19, which has caused a broad impact globally, may materially affect us economically. While the economic impact brought by, and the duration of, COVID-19 may be difficult to assess or predict, a widespread pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets, resulting in an economic downturn that could continue to significantly impact our business and operations and may reduce our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. In addition, a recurrence of COVID-19 cases could cause other widespread or more severe impacts depending on where infection rates are highest. 
 Further, we may experience additional disruptions that could severely impact our business and clinical trials, including: 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of planned clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines; 

limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

risk that participants enrolled in our planned clinical trials will acquire COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; and 

refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in these affected geographies. 

These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, our clinical trials, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However, these effects could have a material impact on our operations, and we continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Our computer systems or data, or those of our collaborators or other contractors or consultants, maybe compromised, which could result in adverse consequences, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; significant disruption of our product development programs and our ability to operate our business effectively; reputational harm; and other adverse consequences. 
 Our computer systems and those of our current and any future collaborators and other contractors or consultants may be vulnerable to a variety of disruptive and evolving threats, including computer viruses, malicious or unintentional actions or inactions that cause vulnerabilities, malware, supply chain attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe, and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products/services) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. 
 While we have not experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information, significant delays or setbacks in our research, or other similar disruptions. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed, our reputation could be damaged, and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 We are or may become subject to a variety of privacy and data security laws, and our failure to comply with them could harm our business. 
 65 

We maintain sensitive information, including confidential business and personal information in connection with our preclinical studies and our employees, and are subject to laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of such information. In the United States, there are numerous federal and state privacy and data security laws and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information, including federal and state health information privacy laws, federal and state security breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. Each of these constantly evolving laws can be subject to varying interpretations. The General Data Protection Regulation, the GDPR, applies in the European Economic Area, the EEA, into which we may expand our business. The GDPR governs the collection, use, disclosure, transfer or other processing of personal data of European data subjects. Among other things, the GDPR imposes requirements regarding the security of personal data and notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data processing authorities, changes the lawful bases on which personal data can be processed, expands the definition of personal data over prior EU law and requires changes to informed consent practices, as well as more detailed notices for clinical trial subjects and investigators. In addition, the GDPR increases the scrutiny of transfers of personal data from clinical trial sites located in the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the European Commission does not recognize as having adequate data protection laws, and imposes substantial fines for breaches and violations (up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of our consolidated annual worldwide gross revenue). The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. 
 Compliance with these and any other applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations is a rigorous and time-intensive process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may face significant fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. 
 In addition, states are constantly adopting new laws or amending existing laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, took effect on January 1, 2020 and has been dubbed the first GDPR-like law in the United States. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used by requiring covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers (as that term is broadly defined and can include any of our current or future employees who may be California residents) and provide such residents new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. As we expand our operations and trials (both preclinical or clinical), the CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. Other states are beginning to pass similar laws. 
 In addition, it is anticipated that the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), effective January 1, 2023, will expand the CCPA. For example, the CPRA establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CPRA, which could increase the risk of an enforcement action. Other states have enacted data privacy laws. For example, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which differ from the CPRA and become effective in 2023. If we become subject to new data privacy laws, at the state level, the risk of enforcement action against us could increase because we may become subject to additional obligations, and the number of individuals or entities that can initiate actions against us may increase (including individuals, via a private right of action, and state actors). 
 As we expand our operations and trials (both preclinical or clinical), the CCPA, CPRA, and other similar state laws may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Some observers have noted that the CCPA, CPRA, and other similar state laws could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. 
 Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our operations, and those of our vendors and suppliers, could be subject to power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, civil unrest, labor disputes, violence, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, infectious disease, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We currently rely on third-party suppliers to produce and process our product candidates on a patient-by-patient basis. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business or our market, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. As a newly public company, we have only limited research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity research analysts may elect not to initiate or continue to provide research coverage of our common stock, and such lack of research 
 66 

coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Even if we continue to have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our common stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research about us. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which in turn could cause the trading price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 We have leased office and laboratory space in Boston, Massachusetts pursuant to a lease that expires in September 2026. However, we intend to sublease this lease in connection with our Restructuring more fully discussed in Item 1. Business Employees and Human Capital Resources and Note 15 of our annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. As a result, we have leased a smaller office space in the Boston, Massachusetts area. We also lease office and laboratory space in Rockville, Maryland, pursuant to a lease that expires in February 2027. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our ongoing needs, and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in other litigation or legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 67 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may also be limited by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities or future credit facility. 
 Stockholders 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SNSE . As of March 1, 2023 , we had 30,958,364 shares of common stock outstanding held by 216 holders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering of Common Stock 
 On February 3, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-252704) was declared effective in connection with our initial public offering, or IPO, pursuant to which we sold 8,030,295 shares of our common stock, including the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a price to the public of 19.00 per share. The initial closing of our initial public offering occurred on February 8, 2021. We received net proceeds from the initial public offering of 138.5 million (after deducting underwriters discounts and commissions and additional offering related costs of 14.1 million). Citigroup, Piper Sandler Co. and Berenberg acted as joint book-running managers for the IPO. Oppenheimer Co. acted as the lead manager for the IPO. 
 No expenses incurred by us in connection with our initial public offering were paid directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities, or (iii) any of our affiliates, other than payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee directors as compensation for board or board committee service. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from those disclosed in the final prospectus for our IPO dated as of February 3, 2021 and filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4), except that we no longer intend to use any proceeds to fund the development of SNS-301, SNS-401 or any other product candidate related to our ImmunoPhage platform. Instead, we intend to use the proceeds to fund the development of SNS-101 and our other TMAb product candidates. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Parties 
 None. 
 Item 6. R eserved. 

68 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 In this section, we discuss our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion and analysis comparing our results for the year ended December 31, 2021, to the year ended December 31, 2020, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022, under Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview 
 We are an immuno-oncology company focused on the discovery and development of next-generation therapeutics for cancer patients. Through our TMAb (Tumor Microenvironment Activated Biologics) platform, we are developing highly selective therapeutics designed to disable immunosuppressive signals or activate immunostimulatory signals selectively in the tumor microenvironment to unleash T cells against tumors. Our strategy is to generate novel product candidates that incorporate next-generation technologies or approaches using our robust set of R D capabilities. We plan to efficiently develop these product candidates by incorporating state-of-the-art biomarker approaches and mechanistic understanding into clinical trial designs targeted to well-defined patient populations. 
 Our Pipeline 
 We currently have three investigational product candidates in various stages of early development: 
 SNS-101 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting the immune checkpoint VISTA (V-domain Ig suppressor of T-cell activation). In March 2023 we submitted an IND to the FDA for a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Subject to regulatory clearance, we are planning to initiate a first-in-human Phase 1/2 open-label, multi-center, dose escalation and expansion study trial in 2023 to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and efficacy of SNS-101 as monotherapy and/or in combination with cemiplimab in patients with advanced solid tumors. 

SNS-102 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting VSIG4 (V-Set and Immunoglobulin Domain Containing 4), an immune checkpoint often expressed on macrophages. We have identified eight parental pH-sensitive VSIG4 antibodies, which have undergone further lead optimization and are currently being characterized. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 

SNS-103 is our conditionally active monoclonal antibody targeting ENTPDase1 (ecto-nucleoside triphosphate diphosphohydrolase-1), also known as CD39. We have identified eight parental pH-selective CD39 antibodies, and a lead antibody set is currently undergoing further optimization. We expect to select a product candidate in 2023. 

Upon successful candidate selection for SNS-102 and SNS-103, we expect to initiate IND-enabling studies for at least one product candidate. We have also initiated early discovery efforts for a potential fourth TMAb product candidate that is being designed to activate immunostimulatory signals. 
 We do not have any product candidates approved for sale, have not generated any revenue from product sales, and do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales for at least the next several years. We have largely funded our operations with proceeds from the sale of convertible preferred stock, common stock and convertible debt. Through the date of this Report, we have raised an aggregate of 123.4 million of gross proceeds from private placements of our equity and convertible debt securities and net proceeds of 138.5 million from our initial public offering, or IPO, in February 2021. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses over the last several years. Our net loss was 48.6 million and 36.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 197.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 prepare to submit INDs and then initiate clinical development of product candidates, including SNS-101; 

continue the research and development of our other product candidates; 

69 

invest in our TMAb platform; 

seek to discover and develop additional product candidates or acquire or in-license drugs, product candidates or technologies; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

manufacture our product candidates or otherwise secure the clinical and commercial supply of our product candidates; 

hire additional research and development and selling, general and administrative personnel; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 

incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 

Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our accounts payable and accrued expenses. We expect to continue to incur net losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future, and we expect our research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures will continue to increase. In particular, we expect our expenses to increase as we continue our development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, as well as hire additional personnel, pay fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and incur other increased costs associated with being a public company. In addition, if we seek and obtain regulatory approval to commercialize any product candidate, we will also incur increased expenses in connection with commercialization and marketing of any such product. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Our research and development expense consists of expenses incurred in connection with the discovery and development of our product candidates. These expenses include: 
 expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, as well as investigative sites and consultants that conduct our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials; 

the cost of manufacturing our product candidates including the potential cost of contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, that manufacture product for use in our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials and perform analytical testing, scale-up and other services in connection with our development activities; 

the cost of outsourced professional scientific development services; 

employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in the research and development function; 

expenses relating to regulatory activities, including filing fees paid to regulatory agencies; 

fees for maintaining licenses and other amounts due under our third party licensing agreements; 

laboratory materials and supplies used to support our research activities; and 

allocated expenses for utilities and other facility-related costs. 

We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. Costs for certain research and development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and third-party service providers. 
 Our direct external research and development expenses consist primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to CROs, CMOs, research/testing laboratories and outside consultants in connection with our preclinical development, process development, manufacturing and clinical development activities. We do not allocate these costs to specific product candidates because many of them are deployed across several of our development programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources primarily to conduct research and manage our preclinical development, process development, manufacturing and clinical development activities. These employees work across multiple development programs and, therefore, we do not track their costs by program and, as such, are not separately classified. Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect our research and development expenses to increase 
 70 

significantly over the next several years as we increase personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, conduct our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials, and prepare regulatory filings for our product candidates. 
 The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the development of, or when, if ever, material net cash inflows may commence from any of our other product candidates. This uncertainty is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the duration and cost of clinical trials, which vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, outcome and costs of our preclinical studies, our current product candidates and any other product candidates we may acquire or develop; 

manufacturing of our product candidates or making arrangements with potential third-party manufacturers for both clinical and commercial supplies of these product candidates; 

successful patient enrollment in, and the initiation, duration and completion of clinical trials; 

the cost of gaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, subject to the successful outcome of ongoing and future clinical trials; and 

the extent of any required post-marketing approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities. 

Our expenditures are subject to additional uncertainties, including the terms and timing of regulatory approvals, and the expense of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims or other intellectual property rights. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. We may obtain unexpected results from our planned clinical trials. We may elect to discontinue, delay or modify clinical trials of some product candidates or focus on others. A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a product candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. For example, if the FDA or other regulatory authorities were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our planned clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. Product commercialization will take several years and significant additional development costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel in executive, administrative, finance and legal functions, including stock-based compensation, travel expenses and recruiting expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include facility related costs, patent filing and prosecution costs and professional fees for legal, auditing and tax services, and insurance costs. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase as a result of increased payroll, expanded infrastructure and higher consulting, legal and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing and SEC requirements, accounting and investor relations costs, and director and officer insurance premiums associated with being a public company. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Our other income (expense) consists of realized gain or loss on short-term investments, gain on debt extinguishments, accretion expense on short-term investments and interest expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 Since our inception, we have not recorded any income tax benefits for the net losses we have incurred or for the research and development tax credits earned in each year, as we believe, based upon the weight of available evidence, that it is more likely than not that all of our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards will not be realized. 
 
 71 

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

30,383 

21,662 

8,721 

General and administrative 

19,805 

15,820 

3,985 

Total operating expenses 

50,188 

37,482 

12,706 

Loss from operations 

(50,188) 

(37,482) 

(12,706) 

Total other income 

1,600 

688 

912 

Net loss 

(48,588) 

(36,794) 

(11,794) 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 30.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 21.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 8.7 million was primarily attributable to 5.8 million of additional expenses relating to manufacturing contracts, 2.4 million of higher pre-clinical research expense, 1.1 million of additional facilities and equipment lease expense, 0.8 million related to restructuring costs, 0.7 million of higher outside research fees, 0.5 million of increased personnel costs, including stock based compensation and incentives, and 0.2 million of higher licensing agreement fees. These increases were partially offset by 1.4 million of decreased expenses associated with clinical trials, 0.9 million of decreased expenses relating to lab supply purchases and 0.7 million of decreased expenses for consulting fees related to our product candidate selection process. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 4.0 million was primarily attributable to 0.9 million of increased personnel costs, including stock-based compensation and incentives, to support our business, as well as 0.7 million of higher franchise, net worth, and other non-income tax expense, 0.6 million of higher consulting fees, 0.4 million of higher recruiting costs, 0.3 million increase relating to directors and officers insurance, 0.3 million of higher board fees, 0.2 million for increased external communications expense and 0.1 million for facilities and equipment lease expense. 
 Other Income 
 Other income was 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 0.9 million was primarily attributable to a 1.4 million higher gain on investments relating to interest and accretion partially offset by lower other income of 0.5 million primarily related to a gain on debt extinguishment relating to the Small Business Administration approving the forgiveness for the full amount of the Paycheck Protection Program Loan, plus interest, in 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 We have not generated any product revenue and have incurred net losses and negative cash flows from our operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 107.1 million. We have financed our operations through sales of our common stock, convertible preferred stock and convertible debt. Through the date of this Report, we have raised an aggregate of 123.4 million of gross proceeds from private placements of our equity and convertible debt securities and net proceeds of 138.5 million from our IPO in February 2021. Our net loss was 48.6 million and 36.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 197.8 million. Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. 
 72 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(39,026) 

(30,259) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

49,949 

(143,118) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(287) 

163,940 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

10,636 

(9,437) 

Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our operating activities used 39.0 million of cash, resulting from our 48.6 million net loss partially offset by increases in non-cash charges of 8.6 million, primarily related to 5.8 million of stock compensation expense, 1.2 million of non-cash lease expense, and a 1.0 million increase in our operating assets and liabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2021, operating activities used 30.3 million of cash, resulting from our 36.8 million net loss, partially offset by increases in non-cash charges of 6.4 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 49.9 million, primarily due to 97.1 million in sales and maturities of short-term investments, partially offset by 46.9 million in purchases of short-term investments and 0.3 million in purchases of property and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 143.1 million primarily due to 183.7 million in purchases of short-term investments and 0.3 million relating to disposal of property and equipment, partially offset by 42.3 million in sales and maturities of short-term investments and 2.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 0.3 million, primarily from 0.6 million of principal payments under our financing leases, offset by 0.2 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 0.1 million relating to ESPP purchases. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 163.9 million, primarily from the net proceeds from the issuance of common stock as part of our IPO of 140.6 million, as well as proceeds from the issuance of Series BB convertible preferred stock prior to the IPO of 23.5 million. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements will have an impact on our future liquidity. Our material cash requirements represent material expected or contractually committed future payment obligations. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash from our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Operating Leases 
 We have operating lease arrangements for our corporate offices, lab facilities and an executive residence. As part of our adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, we recorded operating right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities for these agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we had operating lease payment obligations of 6.4 million, with 1.6 million payable within twelve months. See Note 7 in our annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 Finance Leases 
 We lease research equipment, furniture and a vehicle under finance leases. As part of our adoption of ASC 842, we recorded financing right-of-use assets and financing lease liabilities for these leases as of January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had finance lease payment obligations of 2.7 million, with 0.9 million payable within 12 months. See Note 7 in our annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 73 

In the biopharmaceutical industry, it can take a significant amount of time and capital resources to successfully complete all stages of research and development and commercialize a product candidate. The ultimate length of time and spend required cannot be accurately estimated as it varies substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product candidate. Please see the Funding Requirements section below for further details. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of, initiate clinical trials of, and potentially seek marketing approval for, our product candidates. In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses. The timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend largely on: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of current and future preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current and future product candidates; 

the cost and timing of the manufacture of additional clinical trial material as well as any costs related to the scale-up of manufacturing activities; 

the costs to seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

the extent to which we or any third-party service providers on whom we rely experience delays or interruptions to preclinical studies and clinical trials, or to our supply chain due to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the need to hire additional clinical, quality assurance, quality control and other scientific personnel; 

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we develop or may in-license; 

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the terms of any collaboration agreements we may choose to enter into, including the achievement of milestones or occurrence of other developments that trigger payments under any license or collaboration agreements we might have at such time; 

the cost associated with the expansion of our operational, financial and management systems and increased personnel, including personnel to support our operations as a public company; and 

the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products, if approved, on our own. 

We expect our existing cash and cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements at least into the second half of 2025. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of product discovery, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

our ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; 

the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse, or entitled to reimbursement of, clinical trial costs under collaboration agreements, if any; 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 

the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for commercial production; 

the costs of establishing or contracting for sales and marketing capabilities if we obtain regulatory approvals to market our product candidates; and 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the corresponding responses of businesses and governments. 

74 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest may be materially diluted, and the terms of such securities could include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. In addition, debt financing would result in fixed payment obligations. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our research, product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 We define our critical accounting policies as those accounting principles that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as the specific manner in which we apply those principles. While our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our annual financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Report, we believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements that require significant estimates and judgments. 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 We incur expenses associated with preclinical development and clinical trials. Accounting for preclinical or clinical activities relating to work performed by CROs and other external vendors requires management to exercise significant estimates in regard to the timing and accounting for these expenses. We estimate costs of research and development activities conducted by service providers, which include, the conduct of sponsored research, preclinical studies and contract manufacturing activities. The diverse nature of services being provided under CRO and other arrangements, the different compensation arrangements that exist for each type of service and the lack of timely information related to certain clinical activities complicates the estimation of accruals for services rendered by CROs and other vendors in connection with clinical trials. We record the estimated costs of research and development activities based upon the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced and include these costs in the accrued and other current liabilities or prepaid expenses on the balance sheets and within research and development expense on the consolidated statements of operations. We determine the estimated costs through discussions with the internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress, or stage of completion of the services and the agreed-upon fees to be paid for such services. This process involves a thorough review of open contracts and evaluation by internal personnel to identify services received that have been performed for us and estimating the associated cost incurred for these services for which we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. In estimating the duration of a clinical study, we evaluate the start-up, treatment and wrap-up periods, compensation arrangements and services rendered attributable to each clinical trial and fluctuations are regularly tested against payment plans and trial completion assumptions. 
 Our expenses related to clinical trials are based on estimates of patient enrollment and related expenses at clinical investigator sites as well as estimates for the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions and CROs that may be used to conduct and manage clinical trials on our behalf. We determine the estimated costs through discussions with internal personnel and external service providers as to the progress, or stage of completion of the services and the agreed-upon fees to be paid for such services. We generally accrue expenses related to clinical trials based on contracted amounts applied to the level of patient enrollment and activity. If timelines or contracts are modified based upon changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed, we modify our estimates of accrued expenses accordingly on a prospective basis. 
 75 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure all stock-based awards granted based on their estimated fair value on the date of the grant and recognize the corresponding compensation expense for those awarded to employees and directors over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award, and for those awarded to nonemployees over the period during which services are rendered by nonemployees until completed. We have typically issued stock options and warrants with service-based vesting conditions and we record the expense for these awards using the straight-line method. 
 We estimate the fair value of each stock option grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which uses as inputs the closing price of our common stock and assumptions we make for the volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our stock options and warrants, the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our stock options and warrants and our expected dividend yield. The fair value of our stock options and warrants on the date of grant, prior to February 3, 2021, was determined by us with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in accordance with the guidance in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, as our common stock was not actively traded. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 in our annual financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements. Other than as disclosed in our financial statements, we do not expect that any recently issued accounting standards will have a material impact on our financial statements or will otherwise apply to our operations. 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 We qualify as an EGC, as defined in the JOBS Act. As an EGC, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies, including reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements, exemption from the requirements to hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments and exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 We may take advantage of these exemptions until the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an EGC earlier if we have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue, we have more than 700.0 million in market value of our stock held by non-affiliates (and we have been a public company for at least 12 months and have filed one annual report on Form 10-K) or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt securities over a three-year period. For so long as we remain an EGC, we are permitted, and intend, to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not EGCs. We may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an EGC to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an EGC. Therefore, the reported results of operations contained in our consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable to those of other public companies. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. 
 If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an EGC, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to EGCs, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 76 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 This Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. Because we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 77 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 78 

PART III 
 We will file an amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A Amended 10-K not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of the Amended 10-K under the captions Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.senseibio.com. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for executive officers and directors. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Conduct or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the amendment or waiver on our website. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of the Amended 10-K under the captions Executive Compensation and Non-Employee Director Compensation. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of the Amended 10-K under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related T ransactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of the Amended 10-K under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Independence of the Board of Directors. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of the Amended 10-K under the caption Ratification of Selection of Independent Auditors. 
 79 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (1) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39980), filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39980), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of the Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39980), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2020, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

4.2 
 
 Forms of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.2 , 4.3 and 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities. 

4.4 
 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39980), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2023). 

10.1# 
 
 Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.2# 
 
 Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.3# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and each director and executive officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.4 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and Are-Maryland No. 8 Corp., dated as of October 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.5# 
 
 Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.6# 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and John Celebi, dated as of January 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252138)). 

10.7# 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39980) filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022). 

10.8 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and RREF II 451D, LLC, dated as of January 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39980) filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022). 

10.9# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Erin Colgan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39980) filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022). 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Patrick Gallagher (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39980) filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022). 

10.11 # 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 7, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Edward van der Horst . 

10.12 # 
 
 Separation from Employment Letter and Separation Agreement, by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and Robert Pierce, dated as of December 7, 2022. 

10.13 # 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and Doctor Hope LLC, dated as of December 7, 2022. 

80 

10.14 
 
 Open Market Sales Agreement SM , dated March 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263567), filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39980) filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022) . 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 
 This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 81 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

Date: 
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Celebi 

John Celebi 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Celebi 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 

John Celebi 

/s/ Erin Colgan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Erin Colgan 

/s/ William Ringo 
 
 Chair 
 
 March 29, 2023 

William Ringo 

/s/ Bob Holmen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Bob Holmen 

/s/ James Peyer, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

James Peyer, Ph.D. 

/s/ Samuel Broder, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Samuel Broder, M.D. 

/s/ Thomas Ricks 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Thomas Ricks 

/s/ Deneen Vojta, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Deneen Vojta, M.D. 

/s/ Jessie English, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Jessie English, Ph.D. 

/s/ Kristian Humer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Kristian Humer 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock, Common Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock, common stock and stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 

March 29, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

F- 2 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right of use assets - operating leases, net 

Right of use assets - financing leases, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Compensation and employee benefits liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Financing lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Financing lease liabilities, non-current 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive items: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

Convertible Preferred Stock (Series AA) 

Convertible Preferred Stock (Series BB) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Accumulated Other 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Comprehensive Loss 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of series BB preferred stock 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock upon closing of the initial public offering 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Exercise of options into common stock 

Employee stock purchase plan expense 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Exercise of options into common stock 

Employee stock purchase plan expense 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accretion on marketable securities 

Interest on capital lease 

Non-cash lease expense 

Amortization of financing lease right-of-use assets 

Realized gain on marketable securities 

() 

Gain on fixed asset disposition 

() 

() 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Compensation and employee benefits 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from property and equipment 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

Sales of short-term investments 

Maturities of short-term investments 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Financing activities 

Principal payments for financing leases 

() 

Proceeds from the exercise of common stock options 

Employee stock purchase plan proceeds 

Capital lease payments 

() 

Proceeds on the issuance of series BB convertible preferred stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing information: 

Interest on financing 

Conversion of series AA and BB convertible preferred stock into common stock 

Initial measurement of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Initial measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Initial measurement of finance lease right-of-use assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 NOTES TO consolidated FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million . The Company expects to generate operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. On February 3, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering, or IPO, in which the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock, including shares pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company received million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, as of December 31, 2022 of million will be sufficient to fund its operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The Company will need additional financing to support its continuing operations and pursue its growth strategy. Until such time as the Company can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, it expects to finance its operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. The Company may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements when needed on favorable terms or at all. The inability to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition and its ability to pursue its business strategy. The Company will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and it may never do so. Reverse stock split In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the conversion ratio for the Company s Series AA and Series BB convertible preferred stock was proportionately adjusted such that the common stock issuable upon conversion of such preferred stock was decreased in proportion to the Reverse Stock Split. Accordingly, all common stock share and per share amounts, as well as all preferred stock conversion ratios, for all periods presented in these financial statements have been retroactively adjusted, to reflect this reverse stock split and adjustment of the Series AA and BB convertible preferred stock conversion ratios. 

Components of a lease are split into three categories: lease components, non-lease components, and non-components. The fixed and in-substance fixed contract consideration (including any consideration related to non-components) are allocated, based on the respective relative fair values, to the lease components and non-lease components. The Company has elected to account for lease and non-lease components together as a single lease component for all underlying assets and allocate all of the contract consideration to the lease component only. The adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recognition of operating lease liabilities of million and operating right-of-use assets of million, along with the write-off of certain deferred rent balances of million on the Company s balance sheet. The adoption did not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Research equipment 

impairments recoded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Clinical trial costs are a component of research and development expenses. The Company estimates expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on services performed under contractual agreements with clinical research organizations and actual clinical investigators. Included in the estimates are (1) the fee per patient enrolled as specified in the clinical trial contract with each institution participating in the clinical trial and (2) progressive data on patient enrollments obtained from participating clinical trial sites and the actual services performed. Changes in clinical trial assumptions, such as the length of time estimated to enroll all patients, rate of screening failures, patient drop-out rates, number and nature of adverse event reports, and the total number of patients enrolled can impact the average and expected cost per patient and the overall cost of the clinical trial. The Company monitors the progress of the trials and their related activities and adjusts, when applicable, the accruals accordingly. Adjustments to accruals are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the adjustment become known. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial or site, the Company would accrue an amount based on estimates of the remaining noncancellable obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial or cancelation of a participating site. 

Company reports a net loss, such losses are not allocated to such participating securities. In periods in which the Company reports a net loss attributable to common stockholders, diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, since dilutive shares of common stock are not assumed to be outstanding if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 segment. 

() 

Corporate bonds 

- 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Commercial paper 

- 

() 

Corporate bonds 

- 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

() 

Total 

- 

() 

As of December 31, 2022 , all marketable securities held by the Company had remaining contractual maturities of or less, except for corporate bonds and U.S. government agencies securities with a fair value of million that had maturities of one to . As of December 31, 2022, million and million of unrealized losses were associated with marketable securities with contractual maturities of or less and more than , respectively. There were impairments of the Company s assets measured and carried at fair value during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Office equipment and furniture 

Leasehold improvement 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand , respectively. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASC 842 and reclassed capital leases that were previously classified as property and equipment, net were presented as right of use assets - financing leases, net on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. million relates to items previously classified under research equipment and thousand relates to items previously classified under office equipment and furniture on the table above. These leases are further described in Note 7. 

 thousand in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program PPP pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, as amended by the Flexibility Act, and administered by the Small Business Administration (the PPP Loan ). Under the terms of the PPP Loan, interest accrued on the outstanding principal at a rate of per annum. On August 6, 2021, the Small Business Administration approved the forgiveness for the full amount of the PPP Loan, which included principal of thousand, plus interest. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

- 

Money market funds 

- 

- 

Investments: 

Commercial paper 

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents 

Money market funds 

- 

- 

Investments: 

Commercial paper 

- 

- 

Corporate bonds 

- 

- 

U.S. Government agencies 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

When developing fair value estimates, the Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. When available, the Company uses quoted market prices to measure fair value. The valuation technique used to measure fair value for the Company's Level 1 and Level 2 assets is a market approach, using prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets. If market prices are t available, the fair value measurement is based on models that use primarily market-based parameters including yield curves, volatilities, credit ratings and currency rates. In certain cases where market rate assumptions are t available, the Company is required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use to estimate the fair value of a financial instrument. There were transfers among Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 categories in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

 . The Company had thousand in letters of credit outstanding as security on certain of these leases. As part of its adoption of ASC 842, the Company recorded operating right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities for these leases as of January 1, 2022. Finance Leases The Company leases research equipment and furniture. As part of its adoption of ASC 842, the Company recorded financing right-of-use assets and financing lease liabilities for these leases as of January 1, 2022. On April 20, 2021, the Company entered into a finance lease agreement with a third-party company related to various research equipment and furniture, which included the Company selling specific equipment for thousand, resulting in a gain on the sale of thousand, and leasing it back for a period. The associated lease facility includes up to million for the purchase of equipment on an as needed basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million available for purchases under this arrangement. The Company has an option to purchase the equipment at fair market value, not to exceed of the original equipment cost, or to renew the lease for an additional one - or period at a mutually agreed upon rate. On September 27, 2021, the Company commenced a lease for various research equipment. The terms of the lease specify a payment of thousand, with the option to purchase the equipment for fair market value, to be determined by the lessor, at the end of the lease. 

Interest on finance lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease costs 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating leases 
 
 years 

Financing leases 
 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Financing leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Total lease liabilities 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total operating lease obligations 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total capital lease obligations 

Less amount representing interest 

() 

Present value of minimum capital lease obligations 

License Agreements In the normal course of business, the Company enters into licensing agreements with various parties to obtain the right to make, use, and sell licensed products currently in development. Litigation The Company records estimated losses from loss contingencies, such as a loss arising from a litigation, when it determines that it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Litigation is subject to many factors that are difficult to predict so that there can be no assurance, in the event of a material unfavorable result in one or more claims, the Company will not incur material costs. During 2017, the Company became actively involved in a matter pending in the Ontario (Canada) Superior Court of Justice which names, among multiple other defendants, the Company and former officers of the Company. The claims pending in this matter allege breach of contract by the Company and seek declaratory and other relief, including monetary damages from the Company, and the individual defendants, including the Company s former officers. The claims by such plaintiffs were originally made in a lawsuit filed in Ontario during October 2011, but was not pursued by such plaintiffs in any material manner until 2017. merit to the claims alleged against the Company and its former officers, including alleged breach of contract by the Company, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims pertaining to the Company and its former officers. At the present stage of the suit, management believes the outcome in this matter is not likely to have any material impact on the Company s results, cash flows, or financial position. 

 shares of Series BB convertible preferred stock at per share in exchange for million in gross proceeds. Initial Public Offering In February 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering in which the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock, including shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, at a public offering price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. Upon closing of the initial public offering on February 8, 2021, all of the Company s outstanding preferred stock converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock. On February 8, 2021, in connection with the initial public offering, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended Certificate with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Amended Certificate, among other things: (i) authorized shares of common stock; (ii) eliminated all references to the previously existing series of preferred stock; and (iii) authorized shares of undesignated preferred stock that may be issued from time to time by the Company s board of directors in one or more series. Common Stock Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

, which began automatically increasing on January 1 of each calendar year, starting on January 1, 2022 through January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to of the total number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on the last day of the calendar month before the date of each automatic increase, or a lesser number of shares determined by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, shares remained available for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. In December 2022, the Company's board of directors determined that the automatic increase of available shares for calendar year 2023 would be reduced from to of the Company's capital stock. As a result, on January 1, 2023 the number of shares available for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan increased to shares. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP was approved by the Company s board of directors on January 27, 2021 and became effective on the execution of the underwriting agreement related to the initial public offering. A total of shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 ESPP, which will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2022 through January 1, 2031, by an amount equal to of the total shares of common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. The purchase price of the shares under the 2021 ESPP are at of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or on the purchase date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued shares under the 2021 ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available to be issued under the 2021 ESPP, which increased to shares as of January 1, 2023. Stock Options The Company has granted options to purchase shares of common stock to employees and nonexecutive directors pursuant to the 2021 Plan at a weighted average fair value of per share and per share during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of the stock options on the applicable grant dates. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million . The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. At December 31, 2021 , there was approximately million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Units The Company has granted restricted stock units with service vesting based conditions. 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, the Company granted restricted stock units which vest annually over a period of one , two , three or . restricted stock units vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the restricted stock units which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Common Stock Warrants 

Number of Common Stock Warrants 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in thousands) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

() 

() 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the common stock warrants. During 2022 and 2021 , the Company utilized the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for estimating the fair value of the stock options and common stock warrants granted. - 
 
 - 

Expected life (years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Dividend rate 

Volatility The Company estimates the expected volatility of its common stock at the date of grant based on the historical volatility of comparable public companies over the expected term. 

 Expected life The expected life is estimated as the contractual term. 

 Risk-free interest rate The risk-free rate for periods within the estimated life of the stock award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

 Dividend rate The assumed dividend yield is based upon the Company s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

of the employees base salary. Employees are vested in the Company s match contributions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s matching contributions were thousand and thousand, respectively. 

 F- 19 

thousand and thousand, respectively. In October 2022, the Company and Hope Farms agreed to terminate the Hope Farms Services Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2022. Service Agreement - Binney Street Partners During 2022, the Company entered into a service agreement with Binney Street Partners LLC Binney Street Partners to provide business development services (the BSP Service Agreement ). The Company subsequently hired a managing partner of Binney Street Partners to serve as the Company's Chief Business Officer, effective June 1, 2022. In September 2022, the Company and Binney Street Partners agreed to terminate the services agreement, effective as of August 11, 2022. Expenses recognized by the Company relating to the BSP Service Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 were thousand. 

() 

State 

() 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

() 

Less change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision 

The components of the Company s loss before income tax expense in comprised solely of domestic sources. The effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was different from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to the change in valuation allowance against deferred tax assets and permanent differences primarily related to equity-based compensation and a 2022 remeasurement of state net operating losses attributable to changes in apportionment. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Federal statutory income tax rate 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

Non-deductible transactions costs 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Equity-based compensation 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

The Company s deferred tax assets consist primarily of its net operating loss, equity-based compensation, research and development tax credit carryforwards and capitalized research and development expenditures, along with other minor temporary differences. amounts are being considered as an uncertain tax position or disclosed as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Company has provided a valuation allowance against its total net deferred tax assets because the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income is uncertain. 

Equity-based compensation 

Research and development tax credit carryforwards 

Capitalized R D expenditures 

Lease liabilities 

Other accruals 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The Company has incurred annual net operating losses in each year since inception. The Company believes it could be subject to certain limitations on the utilization of these net operating losses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Therefore, the Company has not reflected the benefit of any such net operating loss carryforwards in the financial statements. Due to the Company s history of losses, and lack of other positive evidence, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will not be realized, and therefore, the net deferred tax assets are fully offset by a valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Future realization of the tax benefits of existing temporary differences and net operating loss carryforwards ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed an evaluation to determine whether a valuation allowance was needed. The Company considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, which included the results of operations for the current and preceding years. The Company determined that it was not possible to reasonably quantify future taxable income and determined that it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The utilization of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that have occurred previously or may occur in the future. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, IRC ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes otherwise available to offset future taxable income and/or tax liability. An ownership change is defined as a cumulative change of or more in the ownership positions of certain stockholders during a rolling period. The Company has not completed a formal study to determine if any ownership changes within the meaning of IRC Section 382 and 383 have occurred as of December 31, 2022. An ownership change would restrict its ability to use its NOLs or tax credit carryforwards and could require the Company to pay federal or state income taxes earlier than would be required if such limitations were not in effect. The Company s valuation allowance increased during the year by thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 due primarily to the generation of net operating losses and a thousand change recorded to equity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state tax reporting purposes of thousand and thousand, respectively, a portion of which expire beginning in . Net operating loss carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017 for federal tax reporting purposes of thousand have an indefinite life. The remaining federal net operating losses are subject to a carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately thousand, which expire beginning in . The Company evaluates its uncertain tax positions under ASC 740-10, which requires that realization of an uncertain income tax position be recognized in the financial statements. The benefit to be recorded in the financial statements is the amount most likely to be realized assuming a review by tax authorities having all relevant information and applying current conventions. The Company concluded that there are no uncertain tax positions in any of the periods presented. The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. The earliest tax years that remain subject to examination by jurisdiction is 2019 for both federal and state. However, to the extent the Company utilizes net operating losses from years prior to 2019, the statute remains open to the extent of the net operating losses or other credits are utilized. 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted 

Unvested restricted stock units 

Warrants issued to employees and contractor to purchase common stock 

Warrants issued related to convertible notes and other equity agreements 

The Company incurred restructuring expenses within research and development and general and administrative expenses of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs primarily related to one-time termination benefits and ongoing benefit arrangements, both of which included severance payments and extended benefits coverage support and were contingent upon the impacted employees execution and non-revocation of separation agreements. Aggregate restructuring costs also included certain contract termination costs. 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

ownership of (or in the case of certain investors filing on Schedule 13G) or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock in a transaction not approved by the Company. In that situation, each holder of a right (other than the acquiring person, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) will be entitled to purchase, at the then-current exercise price, additional shares of the Company s common stock at a discount. In addition, if the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination after an unapproved party acquires more than (or in the case of certain investors filing on Schedule 13G) of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, each holder of a right would then be entitled to purchase, at the then-current exercise price, shares of the acquiring company s stock at a discount. The Company s board of directors, at its option, may exchange each right (other than rights owned by the acquiring person that have become null and void) in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of the Company s common stock per outstanding right, subject to adjustment. Except as provided in the rights agreement, the board of directors is entitled to redeem the rights at per right. Stock-Based Compensation On February 15, 2023, the Company granted equity awards for shares under the 2021 Plan, consisting of options exercisable for shares of common stock and restricted stock units for shares of common stock with a grant date fair value of million and million, respectively. Bonus Conversion to Equity On January 31, 2023, the Company announced a one-time deviation from the usual method of payment of annual bonuses for the Company's executives and other senior management. Approximately one-third of their annual bonuses were paid out in the form of restricted stock units in lieu of cash. As a result, on February 15, 2023, the Company granted restricted stock units for shares of common stock under the 2021 Plan, with a grant date fair value of million. Sublease Agreement On January 18, 2023, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for a portion of its office and laboratory space. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will receive total rent payments of million over the term of the sublease, which expires on . 

F- 23 

<EX-4>
 2
 snse-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following description of the capital stock of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company, we, us or our is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), and the complete text of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our certificate of incorporation ), our amended and restated bylaws (our bylaws and the stockholder rights agreement, dated March 7, 2023, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the rights agreement ), which are incorporated by reference as Exhibits 3.1, 3.2 and 4.4, respectively, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is also an exhibit. The Company encourages you to read that law and those documents carefully. 
 General 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share common stock ), and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share preferred stock ), all of which shares of preferred stock are undesignated. Our board of directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share of common stock. Our common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose, other than any directors that holders of any preferred stock we may issue may be entitled to elect. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of or provision for all of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. 
 Rights and Preferences 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking funds provisions applicable to our common stock. All outstanding shares of our common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the dividend, voting and other rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon, and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 

Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. We have no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 Rights Dividend 
 On March 7, 2023, a special committee of our board of directors adopted the rights agreement and declared a dividend distribution of one preferred stock purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of common stock, to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2023 (the Record Date ). In addition, one Right will automatically attach to each share of common stock issued between the Record Date and the earlier of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and the Expiration Date (as defined below). Each Right entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase from us a unit consisting of one ten-thousandth of a share (a Unit of our Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A preferred stock at a cash exercise price of 10.00 per Unit (the Exercise Price ), subject to adjustment, under certain conditions specified in the rights agreement and summarized below. 
 Distribution Date 
 Initially, the Rights are not exercisable and are attached to and trade with all shares of common stock outstanding as of, and issued subsequent to, the Record Date. The Rights will separate from the common stock and will become exercisable upon the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth calendar day following the first public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an Acquiring Person has acquired beneficial ownership of 10 (or 20 in the case of certain investors filing on Schedule 13G) or more of the outstanding shares of common stock, other than as a result of repurchases of stock by us or certain inadvertent actions by a stockholder (the date of such announcement being referred to as the Stock Acquisition Date ), or (ii) the close of business on the tenth business day (or such later date as our board of directors may determine) following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that could result upon its consummation in a person or group becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the Distribution Date ). A person or group who beneficially owned 10 (or 20 in the case of certain investors filing on Schedule 13G) or more of our common stock prior to the first public announcement by us of the adoption of the rights agreement will not trigger the rights agreement so long as they do not increase their beneficial ownership of shares of then-outstanding common stock at a time when they still beneficially own 10 (or 20 in the case of certain investors filing on Schedule 13G) or more of our outstanding common stock, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the rights agreement. 
 An Acquiring Person does not include: 
 the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement; 

any employee benefit plan or compensation arrangement of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company; 

any person holding shares of common stock of the Company organized, appointed or established by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such employee benefit plan or compensation arrangement; 

any person which, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, beneficially owns shares of common stock of the Company representing less than 20 of the shares of Common Stock of the Company then outstanding, and which is entitled to file, and files, or has filed, a statement on Schedule 13G pursuant to Rule 13d-1(b) or Rule 13d-1(c) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or 

any person who our board of directors determines has become an Acquiring Person for purposes of the rights agreement who has become such without intending to and who divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of shares of common stock. 

For purposes of the rights agreement, beneficial ownership is defined to include ownership of securities that are subject to a derivative transaction and acquired derivative securities. Swaps dealers unassociated with any control intent or intent to evade the purposes of the rights agreement are excepted from such imputed beneficial ownership. In addition, for purposes of the rights agreement, a person or group is deemed to beneficially own shares of any other person(s) or group(s) with which such person or group is acting in concert (as defined in the rights agreement). 
 Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption, exchange or expiration of the Rights), (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the common stock certificates (or, with respect to any uncertificated shares of common stock registered in book entry form Book Entry Shares ), by notation in book entry) and will be transferred with and only with such shares of common stock, (ii) new common stock certificates or Book Entry Shares issued after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the rights agreement by reference, and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates for common stock or Book Entry Shares will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the common stock represented thereby. 
 As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, one or more certificates evidencing Rights (the Right Certificates will be mailed to holders of record of common stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Right Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by our board of directors, only shares of common stock or Series A preferred stock issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights. 
 Subscription and Merger Rights 
 In the event that a Stock Acquisition Date occurs, proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates, whose Rights shall become null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise, in lieu of a number of shares of Series A preferred stock, that number of shares of common stock (or, in certain circumstances, including if there are insufficient shares of common stock to permit the exercise in full of the Rights, Units of Series A preferred stock, other securities, cash or property, or any combination of the foregoing) having a market value of two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as the Subscription Right ). In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date, (i) we consolidate with, or merges with and into, any other person, and we are not the continuing or surviving corporation, (ii) any person consolidates with us, or merges with and into us and we are the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in connection with such merger, all or part of the shares of common stock are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other person or cash or any other property, or (iii) 50 or more of our assets or earning power is sold, mortgaged or otherwise transferred, each holder of a Right (other than an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates, whose Rights shall become null and void) will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company having a market value equal to two times the Exercise Price of the Right (such right being referred to as the Merger Right ). The holder of a Right will continue to have the Merger Right whether or not such holder has exercised the Subscription Right. Rights that are or were beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person may (under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) become null and void. 
 Exchange Feature 
 At any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, our board of directors may, at its option, exchange all or any part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights for shares of common stock at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock for each Right, subject to adjustment as specified in the rights agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our board of directors generally will not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any person becomes the beneficial owner of 50 or more of our common stock. 
 Series A Preferred Stock Provisions 
 Each share of Series A preferred stock, if issued: 
 
 will not be redeemable; 

will have the same voting power as 10,000 shares of common stock; 

will entitle the holder thereof to quarterly dividend payments equal to the greater of (a) 1.00 per share or (b), subject to adjustment, 10,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 10,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of common stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of common stock; 

if shares of common stock are exchanged via merger, consolidation or a similar transaction, will entitle the holder thereof to a per share payment equal to the payment made on 10,000 shares of common stock, plus accrued and unpaid dividends, if any; and 

upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, will entitle the holder thereof to receive the greater of (a) 10,000.00 per share or (b) an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 10,000 times the aggregate amount of all cash or other property to be distributed per share to holders of common stock. 

Adjustments 
 The Exercise Price payable, and the number of shares of common stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Series A preferred stock, (ii) if holders of the Series A preferred stock are granted certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Series A preferred stock or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the Series A preferred stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Series A preferred stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 
 With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Exercise Price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1 of the Exercise Price. We are not obligated to issue fractional shares. If we elect not to issue fractional shares, in lieu thereof an adjustment in cash will be made based on the fair market value of the Series A preferred stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise. 
 Redemption 
 The Rights may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at a price of 0.0001 per Right (payable in cash, common stock or other consideration deemed appropriate by our board of directors) by our board of directors only until the earlier of (i) the time at which any person becomes an Acquiring Person or (ii) the Expiration Date. Immediately upon the action of our board of directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and thereafter the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the redemption price. 
 Amendment 
 The rights agreement may be amended by our board of directors in its sole discretion at any time prior to the time at which any person becomes an Acquiring Person. After such time our board of directors may, subject to certain limitations set forth in the rights agreement, amend the rights agreement only to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency, to shorten or lengthen any time period, or to make changes that do not adversely affect the interests of Rights holders (excluding the interests of an Acquiring Person or its associates or affiliates). 
 Expiration Date 
 The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire on March 7, 2024 (the Expiration Date ). 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Some provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: an acquisition of us by means of a tender offer; an acquisition 
 
 of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or the removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions which provide for payment of a premium over the market price for our shares. 
 These provisions, summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of the increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Stockholder Meetings 
 Our bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our chairman of the board, chief executive officer or president, or by a resolution adopted by a majority of our board of directors. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals to be brought before a stockholder meeting and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws eliminate the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. 
 Staggered Board 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders. This system of electing and removing directors may tend to discourage a third-party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 Removal of Directors 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Stockholders Not Entitled to Cumulative Voting 
 Our certificate of incorporation does not permit stockholders to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they choose, other than any directors that holders of our convertible preferred stock may be entitled to elect. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other 
 
 transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors. 
 Choice of Forum 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate court therefrom is the sole and exclusive forum for the following claims or causes of action under the Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on our behalf; (ii) any claim or cause of action for a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time); (iv) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder); (v) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees governed by the internal-affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This choice of forum provision would not apply to claims or causes of action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, or the Securities Act. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Additionally, our certificate of incorporation provides that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. 
 Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation Provisions 
 The amendment of any of the above provisions, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue convertible preferred stock, would require approval by holders of at least two thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock. 
 The provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board of directors and management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 
 Exchange Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SNSE . 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 snse-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), is entered into effective as of December 7, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company and Edward van der Horst (the Executive ). This Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive dated October 16, 2021 (the Prior Agreement ). 
 The Company desires to continue to employ Executive, now in the capacity of full-time Chief Scientific Officer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and, in connection therewith, to compensate Executive for Executive s personal services to the Company; and 
 Executive wishes to continue to be employed by the Company and provide personal services to the Company in return for certain compensation. 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree to the following: 
 1. EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY . 

1.1 At-Will Employment . Executive shall continue to be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the Company or Executive may terminate Executive s employment at any time, with or without cause or advanced notice. Any contrary representations that may have been made to Executive shall be superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the full and complete agreement between Executive and the Company on the at-will nature of Executive s employment with the Company, which may be changed only in an express written agreement signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. Executive s rights to any compensation following a termination shall be only as set forth in Section 6. 

1.2 Position . Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company agrees to continue to employ Executive, now in the position of Chief Scientific Officer, and Executive hereby accepts such continued employment. During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive will devote Executive s best efforts and substantially all of Executive s business time and attention to the business of the Company. 

1.3 Duties . Executive will report to the Chief Executive Officer performing such duties as are normally associated with Executive s then-current position and such duties as are assigned to Executive from time to time, subject to the oversight and direction of the Chief Executive Officer. In general, and without limitation, Executive will: oversee the scientific functions of the Company, develop new technologies and products in line with the Company s mission, coordinate research activities by actively recruiting and retaining scientific staff, and represent the science of the Company in scientific forums and shareholder events. Executive shall perform Executive s duties under this Agreement principally out of the Company s office in the Boston, Massachusetts area or such other location as assigned. In addition, Executive shall make 

1 
 
 such business trips to such places as may be necessary or advisable for the efficient operations of the Company. 

1.4 Company Policies and Benefits . The employment relationship between the parties shall also continue to be subject to the Company s personnel policies and procedures as they may be interpreted, adopted, revised or deleted from time to time in the Company s sole discretion. Executive will be eligible to participate on the same basis as similarly-situated employees in the Company s benefit plans in effect from time to time during Executive s employment. All matters of eligibility for coverage or benefits under any benefit plan shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of such plan. The Company reserves the right to change, alter, or terminate any benefit plan in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. 

1.5 Insurance . While this Agreement is in effect, for actions within the scope of Executive s employment, the Company will include Executive as an insured at a level comparable to similarly-situated employees of the Company in its Directors and Officers Liability insurance policy in effect from time to time. 

2. COMPENSATION . 

2.1 Salary . Executive shall receive for Executive s services to be rendered hereunder an initial annualized base salary of 364,000.00, subject to review and adjustment from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion Base Salary ). The Base Salary is payable subject to standard federal and state payroll withholding requirements in accordance with the Company s standard payroll practices. 

2.2 Annual Bonus . Beginning with the 2023 performance period, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up to 40 (the Target Percentage of Executive s then-current Base Salary Annual Bonus ). The Annual Bonus will be based upon the Company s assessment of Executive s performance, the Company s attainment of targeted goals as set by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in its sole discretion, overall economic conditions and forecasts, and related financial factors, all as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. The Annual Bonus, if any, will be subject to applicable payroll deductions and withholdings. Following the close of each calendar year, the Company will determine whether Executive has earned the Annual Bonus, and the amount of any Annual Bonus (which can be less than the Target Percentage), based on the set criteria. No amount of the Annual Bonus is guaranteed, and Executive must be an employee in good standing on the Annual Bonus payment date to be eligible to receive an Annual Bonus; no partial or prorated bonuses will be provided. Executive s eligibility for an Annual Bonus is subject to change in the discretion of the Board (or any authorized committee thereof). 

2.3 Future Equity Awards . Executive remains eligible to be considered for future equity awards as may be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board in its discretion in accordance with the terms of any applicable equity plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time. 

2 
 
 2.4 Expense Reimbursement . The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable, documented business expenses incurred in connection with Executive s services hereunder, in accordance with the Company s business expense reimbursement policies and procedures as may be in effect from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any reimbursements payable to Executive are subject to the provisions of Section 409A (as defined below): (i) any such reimbursements will be paid no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (ii) the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year will not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and (iii) the right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

3. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, INVENTION ASSIGNMENT, NON-SOLICITATION, AND NON-COMPETITION OBLIGATIONS . Executive hereby confirms and agrees to abide by that certain Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition Agreement, entered into between the Company and Executive and dated as of September 3, 2019 (the Covenants Agreement ). 

4. OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES . Except with the prior written consent of the Board, Executive will not, while employed by the Company, undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise that would interfere with Executive s responsibilities and the performance of Executive s duties hereunder except for (i) reasonable time devoted to volunteer services for or on behalf of such religious, educational, non-profit and/or other charitable organization as Executive may wish to serve; (ii) reasonable time devoted to activities in the non-profit and business communities consistent with Executive s duties; (iii) Executive s participation in professional and academic activities; and (iv) such other activities as may be specifically approved by the Board. This restriction shall not, however, preclude Executive from managing personal investments or owning less than one percent (1 of the total outstanding shares of a publicly-traded company. 

5. NO CONFLICT WITH EXISTING OBLIGATIONS . Executive represents that Executive s continued performance of all the terms of this Agreement and as an employee of the Company do not and will not breach any agreement or obligation of any kind made prior to Executive s employment by the Company, including agreements or obligations Executive may have with prior employers or entities for which Executive has provided services. Executive has not entered into, and Executive agrees that Executive will not enter into, any agreement or obligation, either written or oral, in conflict herewith. 

6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT . The parties acknowledge that Executive s employment relationship with the Company continues to be at-will. Either Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without Cause. The provisions in this Section govern the amount of compensation, if any, to be provided to Executive upon termination of employment and do not alter this at-will status. 

6.1 Termination by the Company Without Cause or Resignation by Executive for Good Reason (not in Connection with a Change in Control) . 

3 
 
 (a) The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company pursuant to this Section 6.1 at any time without Cause (as defined in Section 6.3(a) below) by giving notice as described in Section 6.7 of this Agreement. A termination pursuant to Section 6.5 or 6.6 below is not a termination without Cause for purposes of receiving the Non-CIC Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) this Section 6.1 or the CIC Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) Section 6.2. 

(b) If the Company terminates Executive s employment at any time without Cause or Executive terminates Executive s employment with the Company for Good Reason (as defined in Section 6.1(g) below), in either case, at any time except during the Change in Control Measurement Period (both Change in Control and Change in Control Measurement Period as defined in Section 6.2 below), then Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations (defined in 6.1(d) below). If such termination without Cause or for Good Reason not occurring during the Change in Control Measurement Period constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder, a Separation from Service ), and Executive complies with the obligations in Section 6.1(c) below, Executive shall also be eligible to receive the following Non-CIC Severance Benefits : 

(i) The Company will pay Executive an amount equal to Executive s then current Base Salary for nine (9) months, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, paid in equal installments beginning on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date following the Release Effective Date (as defined in Section 6.1(c) below), with the remaining installments occurring on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates thereafter; and 

(ii) Provided Executive or Executive s covered dependents, as the case may be, timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, or state continuation coverage (as applicable), under the Company s group health plans following such termination, the Company will pay the portion of the COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums which is equal to the cost of the coverage that the Company was paying as of the date of termination, to continue Executive s (and Executive s covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of: (1) nine (9) months following the termination date; (2) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA or state law continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)-(3), (the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period )). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums on Executive s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Executive on the last day of each remaining month of the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA or state continuation coverage premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Executive of Executive s rights under COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under Executive s employment by the Company. 

4 
 
 (c) Executive will be paid all of the Accrued Obligations on the Company s first payroll date after Executive s date of termination from employment or earlier if required by law. Executive shall receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 6.1(b) or the CIC Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 6.2(a) of this Agreement if: (i) by the sixtieth (60 th day following the date of Executive s Separation from Service, Executive has signed and delivered to the Company a separation agreement containing an effective, general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and representatives, in the form presented by the Company (the Release ), which will include a non-competition clause, which cannot be revoked in whole or part by such date (the date that the Release can no longer be revoked is referred to as the Release Effective Date ); and (ii) if Executive holds any other positions with the Company or any Affiliate, including a position on the Board, Executive resigns such position(s) to be effective no later than the date of Executive s termination date (or such other date as requested by the Board); (iii) Executive returns all Company property; (iv) Executive complies with all post-termination obligations under this Agreement and the Covenants Agreement; and (v) Executive complies with the terms of the Release, including without limitation any non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions contained in the Release. 

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations are (i) Executive s accrued but unpaid salary and accrued but unused vacation days, each through the date of termination, (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive payable in accordance with the Company s standard expense reimbursement policies, and (iii) benefits owed to Executive under any qualified retirement plan or health and welfare benefit plan in which Executive was a participant in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of such plan. 

(e) The Non-CIC Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.1 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy, program, or prior agreement with the Company. For avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be eligible for both CIC Severance Benefits and Non-CIC Severance Benefits. 

(f) Any damages caused by the termination of Executive s employment without Cause not in connection with a Change in Control would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the Non-CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.1(b) above in exchange for the Release is agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty. 

(g) For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events without Executive s consent: (i) a material reduction in Executive s Base Salary of at least 10 , other than pursuant to a reduction proportionately affecting all of the Company s other senior level executive employees; (ii) a material reduction in Executive s duties, authority and responsibilities relative to Executive s duties, authority, and responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) the relocation of Executive s principal place of employment, without Executive s consent, in a manner that lengthens Executive s one-way commute distance by fifty (50) or more miles from Executive s then-current principal place of employment immediately prior to such relocation; or (iv) any material breach of this Agreement by the Company; provided, however, that, any such termination by Executive shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to this definition if: (1) Executive gives the Company 

5 
 
 written notice of Executive s intent to terminate for Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the first occurrence of the condition(s) that Executive believes constitute(s) Good Reason, which notice shall describe such condition(s); (2) the Company fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period ); (3) the Company has not, prior to receiving such notice from Executive, already informed Executive that Executive s employment with the Company is being terminated; and (4) Executive voluntarily terminates Executive s employment within thirty (30) days following the end of the Cure Period. 

6.2 Termination by the Company without Cause or Resignation by Executive for Good Reason (in connection with a Change in Control) . 

(a) In the event that Executive s employment is terminated without Cause or Executive resigns for Good Reason within twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control Change in Control Measurement Period of the Company, then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, subject to Executive s full compliance with Section 6.1(c) above, including but not limited to the Release requirement and Executive s continued compliance with obligations to the Company under Executive s Covenants Agreement, then Executive will be eligible for the following CIC Severance Benefits : 

(i) The Company will pay Executive an amount equal to Executive s then current Base Salary for twelve (12) months, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, paid in equal installments beginning on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date following the Release Effective Date, with the remaining installments occurring on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates thereafter; 

(ii) Provided Executive or Executive s covered dependents, as the case may be, timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, or state continuation coverage (as applicable), under the Company s group health plans following such termination, the Company will pay the portion of the COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums which is equal to the cost of the coverage that the Company was paying as of the date of termination, to continue Executive s (and Executive s covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of: (1) twelve (12) months following the termination date; (2) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA or state law continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)-(3), (the CIC COBRA Payment Period )). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums on Executive s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Executive on the last day of each remaining month of the CIC COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA or state continuation coverage premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the CIC COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Executive of Executive s rights under COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under Executive s employment by the Company; 

6 
 
 (iii) The Company will make a lump sum cash payment to Executive in an amount equal to one (1) times the Target Percentage for the year in which the termination occurs, subject to standard deductions and withholdings, which will be paid in a lump sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s date of Separation from Service; and 

(iv) Effective as of Executive s termination date, the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding equity awards held by Executive immediately prior to the termination date (if any) shall be accelerated in full. 

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(c) The CIC Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.2 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy or program. 

(d) Any damages caused by the termination of Executive s employment without Cause during the Change in Control Measurement Period would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.2(a) above in exchange for the Release are agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty. 

6.3 Termination by the Company for Cause . 

Subject to Section 6.3(b) below, the Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Cause by giving notice as described in Section 6.7 of this Agreement. 
 (a) Cause for termination shall mean that the Company has determined in its sole discretion that Executive has engaged in any of the following: (i) a material breach of any covenant or condition under this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct; (iii) any conduct which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) material violation of any Company policy or any act of misconduct; (v) refusal to follow or implement a clear and reasonable directive of the Company; (vi) negligence or incompetence in the performance of Executive s duties after the expiration of ten (10) days without cure after written notice of such failure; or (vii) breach of fiduciary duty. 

(b) In the event Executive s employment is terminated at any time for Cause, Executive will not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, consistent with the Company s standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations. 

6.4 Resignation by Executive (other than for Good Reason) . 

(a) Executive may resign for any reason from Executive s employment with the Company at any time by giving notice as described in Section 6.7. 

7 
 
 (b) In the event Executive resigns from Executive s employment with the Company (other than for Good Reason), Executive will not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, consistent with the Company s standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations. 

6.5 Termination by Virtue of Death or Disability of Executive . 

(a) In the event of Executive s death while employed pursuant to this Agreement, all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate immediately, and the Company shall, pursuant to the Company s standard payroll policies, provide to Executive s legal representatives Executive s Accrued Obligations, but neither Executive nor Executive s legal representatives will be eligible for the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit. 

(b) Subject to applicable state and federal law, the Company shall at all times have the right, upon written notice to the Executive, to terminate this Agreement based on Executive s Disability (as defined below). Termination by the Company of Executive s employment based on Disability shall mean termination because Executive is unable due to a physical or mental condition to perform the essential functions of Executive s position with or without reasonable accommodation for six (6) months in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period or based on the written certification by two licensed physicians of the likely continuation of such condition for such period. This definition shall be interpreted and applied consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable law. In the event Executive s employment is terminated based on Executive s Disability, Executive will not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, pursuant to the Company s standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations. 

6.6 Termination Due to Discontinuance of Business . Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event the Company s business is discontinued because rendered impracticable by substantial financial losses, lack of funding, legal decisions, administrative rulings, declaration of war, dissolution, national or local economic depression or crisis or any reasons beyond the control of the Company, then this Agreement shall terminate as of the day the Company determines to cease operation with the same force and effect as if such day of the month were originally set as the termination date hereof. In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 6.6, Executive will not receive the Non-CIC Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, pursuant to the Company s standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations. 

6.7 Notice; Effective Date of Termination . 

(a) Termination of Executive s employment (the Separation Date pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective on the earliest of: 

8 
 
 (i) immediately after the Company gives notice to Executive of Executive s termination, with or without Cause, unless pursuant to Section 6.3(b)(vi) in which case ten (10) days after notice if not cured, or unless the Company specifies a later date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later date; 

(ii) immediately upon Executive s death; 

(iii) immediately after the Company gives written notice to Executive of Executive s termination on account of Executive s Disability, unless the Company specifies a later Separation Date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later Separation Date, provided that Executive has not returned to the full-time performance of Executive s duties prior to such date; 

(iv) except as addressed by Section 6.7(a)(v), forty-five (45) days (or such shorter period agreed to by the Chief Executive Officer and Executive in writing) after Executive gives written notice to the Company of Executive s resignation for any reason, provided that the Company may set a Separation Date at any time between the date of notice and the date of resignation, in which case Executive s resignation shall be effective as of such other date. Executive will receive compensation through any required notice period; or 

(v) for a termination for Good Reason, immediately upon Executive s full satisfaction of the requirements of Section 6.1(g). 

(b) In the event notice of a termination under subsection (a)(i) is given orally, at the other party s request, the party giving notice must provide written confirmation of such notice within five (5) business days of the request in compliance with the requirement of Section 7.1 below. In the event of a termination for Cause or a resignation for Good Reason, written confirmation shall specify the subsection(s) of the definition of Cause or the definition of Good Reason relied on to support the decision to terminate. 

6.8 Cooperation With Company After Termination of Employment . Following termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in all matters relating to the winding up of Executive s pending work including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the Company is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other employees as may be designated by the Company. 

6.9 Effect of Termination . Executive agrees that should Executive s employment be terminated for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from any and all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries. 

6.10 Application of Section 409A . 

(a) It is intended that all of the compensation payable under this Agreement, to the greatest extent possible, either complies with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect (collectively, Section 409A or satisfies one or more of the exemptions from the application of Section 409A, and this Agreement will be 

9 
 
 construed in a manner consistent with such intention, incorporating by reference all required definitions and payment terms. 

(b) No severance payments will be made under this Agreement unless Executive s termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executive s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. 

(c) To the extent that any severance payments are deferred compensation under Section 409A, and are not otherwise exempt from the application of Section 409A, then, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A, if the period during which Executive may consider and sign the Release spans two calendar years, the severance payments will not begin until the second calendar year. If the Company determines that the severance benefits provided under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A and if Executive is a specified employee of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of Executive s Separation from Service, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the severance will be delayed as follows: on the earlier to occur of (a) the date that is six months and one day after Executive s Separation from Service, and (b) the date of Executive s death, the Company will: (i) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the severance benefits that Executive would otherwise have received if the commencement of the payment of the severance benefits had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 6.10(c); and (ii) commence paying the balance of the severance benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedule set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. No interest shall be due on any amounts deferred pursuant to this Section 6.10(c). 

(d) To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid to Executive on or before the last day of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to Executive) during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A, and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non- compliance with Section 409A. 

6.11 Excise Tax Adjustment . 

(a) If any payment or benefit Executive will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this Section, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment provided 

10 
 
 pursuant to this Agreement (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax, or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state, and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Executive. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 6.11 to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for Executive as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events e.g. , being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 

(c) Unless Executive and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control transaction shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity, or group effecting the Change in Control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally-recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 6.11. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to Executive and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which Executive s right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by Executive or the Company) or such other time as requested by Executive or the Company. 

(d) If Executive receives a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of Section 6.11(a) and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of Section 6.11(a)) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to 

11 
 
 the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) of Section 6.11(a), Executive shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

7. GENERAL PROVISIONS . 

7.1 Notices . Any notices required hereunder to be in writing shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail, telex or confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally-recognized overnight courier, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at Executive s address as listed on the Company payroll or Executive s Company-provided email address, or at such other address as the Company or Executive may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other. 

7.2 Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein. 

7.3 Waiver . If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of this Agreement, Executive or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. 

7.4 Complete Agreement . This Agreement, and the Covenants Agreements, constitute the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of their agreement with regard to this subject matter and supersedes any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. The parties have entered into or are entering into a separate Covenants Agreement in connection herewith and have or may enter into separate agreements related to equity awards. These separate agreements govern other aspects of the relationship between the parties, have or may have provisions that survive termination of Executive s employment under this Agreement, may be amended or superseded by the parties without regard to this Agreement and are enforceable according to their terms without regard to the enforcement provision of this Agreement. 

7.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. 

12 
 
 7.6 Headings . The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof. 

7.7 Successors and Assigns . The Company shall assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole, but not in part, to any Company or other entity with or into which the Company may hereafter merge or consolidate or to which the Company may transfer all or substantially all of its assets, if in any such case said Company or other entity shall by operation of law or expressly in writing assume all obligations of the Company hereunder as fully as if it had been originally made a party hereto, but may not otherwise assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder. Executive may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, other than to Executive s estate upon Executive s death. 

7.8 Choice of Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

7.9 Resolution of Disputes . 

(a) To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with Executive s employment with the Company, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, negotiation, execution, or interpretation of this Agreement or Executive s employment, or the termination of Executive s employment, including but not limited to all statutory claims, will be resolved pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration by a single arbitrator conducted in Boston, Massachusetts by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services Inc. JAMS under the then applicable JAMS rules (at the following web address: https:// www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/ ); provided, however, this arbitration provision shall not apply to sexual harassment claims to the extent prohibited by applicable law. A hard copy of the rules will be provided to Executive upon request. 

(b) By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding . In addition, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Section, whether by Executive or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person or entity. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences regarding class claims or proceedings are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. The Company acknowledges that Executive will have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding. 

(c) Questions of whether a claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise, procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall: 

13 
 
 (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; (b) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award; and (c) be authorized to award any or all remedies that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. Executive and the Company shall equally share all JAMS arbitration fees. Except as modified in the Covenants Agreements, each party is responsible for its own attorneys fees. 

(d) Claims with respect to a threatened or actual breach of the Covenants Agreement or with respect to the Company s contractual, common law or statutory rights regarding the protection of trade secrets and/or confidential and proprietary information, are expressly excluded from the requirements of this Section 7.9. Accordingly, nothing in this Section 7.9 is intended to prevent or shall prevent the Company from instituting legal action (including immediately seeking injunctive or other equitable relief) in a court of competent jurisdiction in connection with Executive s threatened or actual breach of the Covenants Agreement, or otherwise in connection with the Company s contractual, common law or statutory rights regarding the protection of its trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information . 

(e) To the extent applicable law prohibits mandatory arbitration of sexual harassment claims, in the event Executive intends to bring multiple claims, including a sexual harassment claim, the sexual harassment claim may be publicly-filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. 

[SIGNATURES TO FOLLOW ON NEXT PAGE] 
 
 14 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement on the day and year first written above. 
 SENSEI BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 By: /s/ John Celebi 
 Name: John Celebi 
 Title: President and CEO 
 Executive: 
 /s/ Edward van der Horst				 
 Edward van der Horst 
 
 Signature Page 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 snse-ex10_12.htm
 EX-10.12

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.12 
 December 7, 2022 
 
 Robert Pierce, MD 
 [ ] 
 
 Re:	Separation from Employment 
 
 Dear Rob, 
 
 As previously discussed, your employment with Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. shall end effective December 7, 2022 (the Separation Date ). Pursuant to the conclusion of your employment, please note the following important information: 
 
 You shall receive your final wages through the Separation Date (less all applicable federal, state, local and other employment-related deductions). 

Enclosed please find your Separation Agreement. If you decide to execute the Separation Agreement, please do so and return one fully executed original to me within forty-five (45) days following the Separation Date. After that time, the offer shall lapse. If you sign within the 45-day period and do not rescind your acceptance during a seven (7) day rescission period thereafter, then the Separation Agreement will become effective on the 8th day following your signing of the Separation Agreement. 

Enclosed please find a copy of your executed Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, which shall remain in effect, provided that (if applicable) any non-competition obligation that may be in such agreement shall not apply or be enforced, and (if applicable) you shall not be eligible for a payment in support of such non-competition obligation. We trust that you shall honor this agreement. 

Under separate cover, we also shall provide you with information and forms relating to your ability to continue your medical benefits pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA) as well as information on applying for unemployment compensation. 

We ask that you promptly return to Sensei all of its property presently in your possession (which may include software, hardware, equipment, cell phones, documents, electronic data or files, or any copies thereof), other than equipment that will be used in connection with your Consulting Agreement dated on or about the date hereof. Any such retained property must be returned upon the expiration of the Consulting Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally blank] 

Enclosures 
 Sincerely, 
 
 /s/ John Celebi 	 
 John Celebi 
 President and CEO 

December 7, 2022 
 
 Robert Pierce, MD 
 [ ] 
 
 Re:	Separation Agreement 
 
 Dear Rob, 
 
 The purpose of this letter agreement (the Agreement is to confirm the terms regarding 
 your separation of employment from Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, Company ). As more fully set forth below, Company desires to provide you with severance pay and benefits in exchange for certain agreements by you. As explained more fully in Section 12 below, you may take up to forty five (45) days following your Separation Date (as defined below) to review and execute this Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective on the eighth (8 th day following the date that you sign it (the Effective Date ). 
 
 1. Separation . Your employment with Company and any of your other roles with Company shall end effective December 7, 2022 (the Separation Date ). Pursuant to your separation, the Company shall provide you with payment for your final wages, payment for accrued but unused vacation time (if any), and reimbursement of any properly submitted but unreimbursed business expenses (if any), through the Separation Date. 

2. Severance Benefit . In exchange for the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, beginning as soon as practicable after the Effective Date, Company agrees to provide you with the following (together, the Severance Benefit ): 

(a) The Company will pay you your current Base Salary for nine (9) months, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, paid in equal installments beginning on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date following the Effective Date with the remaining installments occurring on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates thereafter. 

(b) In the event that you choose to exercise your right under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA to continue your participation in Company s health insurance plan (which you may do, to the extent permitted by COBRA, regardless of whether you accept this Agreement), the Company shall pay the portion of the COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums which is equal to the cost of the coverage that the Company was paying as of the Separation Date, to continue your (and your covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of: (1) nine (9) months following the Separation Date; (2) the date when you become eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (3) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA or state law continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)-(3), the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums on your behalf would result 

in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay you on the last day of each remaining month of the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA or state continuation coverage premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the Non-CIC COBRA Payment Period. 
 
 Notwithstanding the timing of payments set forth above in Sections 2(a) and 2(b), you and the Company may agree in writing (email being sufficient) that the Severance Benefits will be paid in one or more lump sum payments in lieu of installments. 
 
 The Severance Benefit shall confer no benefit on anyone other than the parties hereto. Except for the specific financial consideration set forth herein, you are not entitled to any other compensation including, without limitation, wages, bonuses, vacation pay, holiday pay or any other form of compensation or benefit. 
 
 3. Equity . To the extent applicable, the terms and conditions of Sensei s 2018 and 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Equity Plan and any stock option agreements and/or restricted stock agreements executed by you pursuant thereto (collectively the Equity Agreements are expressly incorporated by reference herein and shall survive the signing of this Agreement. 

4. Publications . You will be included as a co-author on abstracts, posters, presentations and manuscripts concerning research and development of SNS-101 (VISTA), including the Phase I/II clinical trial, as well as other preclinical work including Company s SNS-102 (VSIG4) and SNS-103 (CD39) programs, in each case to the extent that Company believes in its reasonable discretion that it would be appropriate and customary (in accordance with scientific standards and practices) to include you as a co-author in such publications. 

5. Unemployment . Company shall not contest any claim for unemployment benefits by you with the applicable department of unemployment assistance. Company, of course, shall not be required to falsify any information. 

6. Cooperation . For a period of six (6) months following the Separation Date, you shall cooperate fully with Company in connection with any matter relating to your employment, including but not limited to: (a) assisting Company with the transition of your duties and responsibilities to appropriate Company personnel; (b) meeting with Company personnel regarding matters in which you have been involved as an employee, including any contract matters or audits; (c) assisting in the defense or prosecution of claims now in existence or which may be brought or threatened in the future against or on behalf of Company, including claims or actions against its affiliates and its and their officers and employees; (d) preparing for, attending and participating in any legal proceeding, including affidavits, depositions, consultation, discovery or trial; and (e) assisting Company with internal and external audits, inspections, proceedings or other inquiries. Should you be contacted by any person or entity adverse to Company (for example, by any party representing an individual or entity), you shall promptly notify John Celebi. You shall be reimbursed for any reasonable costs and expenses approved in advance by Company and incurred in connection with providing such cooperation under this section. 

7. Return of Property . You acknowledge and agree that you have returned to Company and have not retained any Company files, documents or property, or any copies thereof in any form or media, including any cell phone, computer, keys and key cards, other than that Company property that will be used in connection with the consulting services that you will be providing to Company. Upon termination of your consulting agreement, you shall return any Company property in your possession. 

8. Continuing Covenants . You expressly acknowledge and agree that you shall abide by your Employee Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect, provided that (if applicable) any non-competition obligation that may be in such agreement shall not apply or be enforced, and (if applicable) you shall not be eligible for any payment in support of such non-competition obligation. You shall not disclose any Company trade secrets or confidential and proprietary information, and shall abide by all common law and statutory obligations relating to protection and non-disclosure of Company s trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information. 

9. Confidentiality . This Agreement shall be held confidential by you and shall not be publicized or disclosed to any third party, provided that: (a) disclosure may be made to an immediate family member, legal counsel or financial advisor who agrees to be bound by these confidentiality obligations; and (b) nothing herein shall restrict you from making any disclosures mandated by state or federal law, or from participating in an investigation with a state or federal agency, or providing documents or information to a state or federal agency, if requested by the agency to do so. 

10. Non-Disparagement . You shall not make any statements that are disparaging about Company (including its officers, directors, employees and consultants), including but not limited to any statement that disparages any person, product candidate, service, or financial condition of Company, provided that nothing herein shall restrict you from making any disclosures mandated by state or federal law or from participating in an investigation with a state or federal agency, or providing documents or information to a state or federal agency, if requested by the agency to do so. Further, the Company agrees that it shall instruct the members of its Board of Directors and its executive management team that they shall use their best efforts to not make any statements that are disparaging about you or adversely affect or malign your reputation. 

11. Release of Claims . 

(a) Release . You agree and acknowledge that by signing this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration provided for in this Agreement, you are waiving and releasing your right to assert any form of legal claim against Company 1 whatsoever for any alleged action, inaction or circumstance existing or arising from the beginning of time through the date that you execute the Agreement (the Execution Date ). Your waiver and release herein is intended to bar any form of legal claim, charge, complaint or any other form of action (jointly referred to as Claims against Company seeking any form of relief, including equitable relief, recovery of damages, or recovery of any other form of monetary recovery (including back pay, front pay, 

1 For the purposes of this section, the parties agree that the term Company shall include Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc., and its and their divisions, affiliates, parents and subsidiaries, and its and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, owners, employees, attorneys, agents and assigns. 

compensatory damages, emotional distress damages, punitive damages, attorney s fees and any other costs) for any alleged action, inaction or circumstance existing through the Execution Date. Without limiting the foregoing, you waive and release Company from any waivable claim arising from or related to your employment relationship with Company up through the Execution Date, including: (i) Claims under any Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington or any other state or federal statute, regulation or executive order (as amended) related to fair employment practices, discrimination, harassment, leaves of absence, wages, hours, or any other terms and conditions of employment, including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1871, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, COBRA, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the Massachusetts Fair Employment Practices Statute, the Massachusetts Equal Rights Act, Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, the Massachusetts Wage Act, the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wages Act, the Massachusetts Equal Pay Act, the Maryland Fair Employment Practices Act, the Maryland Anti-Discrimination Law, the Maryland Medical Information Discrimination Law, the Maryland Reasonable Accommodations for Disabilities Due to Pregnancy Act, the Maryland Deployment of Family Members in the Armed Forces Act, the Maryland Equal Pay for Equal Work Law, the Maryland WARN Law, the Maryland Flexible Leave Act, the Maryland Lien for Unpaid Wages, the Washington Industrial Welfare Act, the Washington Law Against Discrimination, the Washington Family Leave Act, the Washington Leave Law, the Washington Minimum Wage Requirements and Labor Standards Act, Title 49 of the Revised Code of Washington, the Washington Equal Pay Opportunity Act, the Washington Fair Chance Act and any similar Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington or other state or federal statute; please note that this section specifically includes a waiver and release of Claims that you have or may have regarding payments or amounts covered by the Massachusetts Wage Act or the Massachusetts Minimum Fair Wages Act, including hourly wages, salary, overtime, minimum wages, commissions, vacation pay, holiday pay, sick leave pay, dismissal pay, bonus pay or severance pay ; (ii) Claims under any Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington or any other state or federal common law theory, including wrongful discharge, retaliation, breach of express or implied contract, promissory estoppel, unjust enrichment, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of public policy, defamation, interference with contractual or business relations, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, misrepresentation, deceit, fraud or negligence or any claim to attorneys fees under any applicable statute or common law theory of recovery; and 
 (iii) any other Claim arising under other Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington or other state or federal statute or common law. 
 
 (b) Release Limitation . Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 does not : 

(i) release Company from any obligation expressly set forth in this Agreement; (ii) waive or release any legal claims which you may not waive or release by law, including under workers compensation laws; or (iii) prohibit you from challenging the validity of this release under federal law, from filing a charge or complaint of employment related discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or similar state agency, from participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC or similar state agency, or from providing documents or information to the EEOC or similar state agency. Your waiver and release, however, are intended 

to be a complete bar to any recovery or personal benefit by or to you with respect to any claim (except those which cannot be released under law), including those raised through a charge with the EEOC. Accordingly, nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to limit Company s right to seek immediate dismissal of such charge or complaint on the basis that your signing of this Agreement constitutes a full release of any individual rights under the federal discrimination laws, or to seek restitution to the extent permitted by law of the economic benefits provided to you under this Agreement in the event you successfully challenge the validity of this release and prevail in any claim under the federal discrimination laws. 
 
 12. ADEA/OWBPA Review and Revocation Period . You and Company acknowledge that you are over the age of 40 and that you, therefore, have specific rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act (the OWBPA ), which prohibit discrimination on the basis of age. It is Company s desire and intent to make certain that you fully understand the provisions and effects of this Agreement, which includes a release of claims under the ADEA and OWBPA. To that end, you have been encouraged and given the opportunity to consult with legal counsel for the purpose of reviewing the terms of this Agreement. Consistent with the provisions of the ADEA and OWBPA, Company also is providing you with forty-five (45) days following your Separation Date in which to consider and accept the terms of this Agreement by signing below and returning it to Elisabeth Colunio, VP Human Resources, ecolunio@senseibio.com. Additionally, in the Appendix , you are being provided with certain additional information required by the ADEA and the OWBPA, including the job titles and ages of other employees in your decisional unit who were, or were not, separated from employment and offered a separation agreement. You may rescind your assent to this Agreement if, within seven (7) days after you sign this Agreement, you deliver by hand or send by electronic mail a notice of rescission to Elisabeth Colunio at the above- referenced address. 

13. Material Breach . A breach of any of Sections 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10 of this Agreement shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy available to Company, shall entitle Company to recover the value of any Severance Benefit paid to you hereunder. 

14. Taxes . The Severance Benefit shall be reduced by all applicable federal, state, local and other deductions, taxes, and withholdings. Company does not guarantee the tax treatment or consequences associated with any payment or benefit under this Agreement, including under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Code Section 409A ). 

15. General . This Agreement, along with any agreement expressly incorporated by reference herein (including your Equity Agreements, Equity Plans, and Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement) supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and Company, and sets forth the entire agreement between you and Company. No modifications shall be deemed valid unless reduced to writing and signed by the parties hereto. The failure of Company to seek enforcement of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such provision or Company s right to seek enforcement of such provision in the future. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if for any reason any part hereof shall be found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced in full. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in Massachusetts, shall take effect as an instrument under seal 

within Massachusetts, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, without giving effect to conflict of law principles. The parties agree that any action, claim or counterclaim relating to the terms of this Agreement shall be commenced in Massachusetts in a court of competent jurisdiction, and that venue for such actions shall lie exclusively in Massachusetts. Both parties hereby waive and renounce in advance any right to a trial by jury in connection with such legal action. 
 
 The parties acknowledge that each has been afforded sufficient time to understand the terms of this Agreement, that its agreements and obligations hereunder are made voluntarily, knowingly and without duress, and that the other party has not made representations inconsistent with this Agreement. This Agreement may be signed in electronic format (PDF) and on one or more copies, each of which when signed shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please sign, date and return the enclosed copy of this Agreement to Elisabeth Colunio, VP Human Resources, at [XXXX].com, within forty five (45) days of the Separation Date . 
 
 Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 

By: /s/ John Celebi	 
 
 Name: John Celebi	 
 
 Title: President and CEO	 
 
 Dated: December 7, 2022	 
 
 Confirmed and Agreed: 
 /s/ Robert Hamilton Pierce, MD 
 
 Robert Hamilton Pierce, MD 
 Dated: January 9, 2023 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 snse-ex10_13.htm
 EX-10.13

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.13 
 
 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT (together with Exhibit A, the Agreement made as of December 7, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is between Doctor Hope LLC, having an address at [ ] Consultant and Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc., having an address at 451 D Street, Unit 710, Boston, Massachusetts 02210 Client ). Client desires to have the benefit of Consultant s knowledge and experience, including the knowledge and experience of Robert Hamilton Pierce, MD Dr. Pierce), and Consultant desires to provide Consulting Services (defined below) to Client, all as provided in this Agreement. 
 
 1. Consulting Services. Client retains Consultant and Consultant agrees to provide consulting services to Client as it may from time to time reasonably request and as further specified in Exhibit A Business Terms Exhibit attached hereto (the Consulting Services ). Any changes to the Consulting Services and/or any compensation adjustments in respect of the Consulting Services must be agreed upon in writing between Consultant and Client. 

1.1 Performance. Consultant will render the Consulting Services (a) at such reasonably convenient times and places as Client and Consultant may agree, (b) under the general supervision of Client and (c) on a best efforts basis. In performing the Consulting Services, Consultant will comply with all business conduct, regulatory and health and safety guidelines or regulations established by Client or any governmental authority with respect to the business of Client. 

1.2 Obligations to Third Parties. Consultant will not use or disclose any confidential information of any other third party in connection with any of the Consulting Services. Further, Consultant represents and warrants that the performance of the Consulting Services does not and will not breach any agreement which obligates Consultant to keep in confidence any confidential information of any third party or to refrain from competing with the business of any third party. 

1.3 No Conflicts. Consultant is under no contractual or other obligation or restriction which is inconsistent with Consultant s execution of this Agreement or the performance of the Consulting Services. During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant will not enter into any agreement, either written or oral, in conflict with Consultant s obligations under this Agreement. Consultant will arrange to provide the Consulting Services in such manner and at such times that the Consulting Services will not conflict with Consultant s responsibilities under any other agreement, arrangement or understanding or pursuant to any employment relationship Consultant has at any time with any third party. Consultant represents and warrants to Client that the Developments (as defined in Section 5.1) do not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party. 

1.4 Absence of Debarment. Consultant represents that Consultant has not been suspended, debarred or subject to temporary denial of approval, and to the best of Consultant s knowledge, is not under consideration to be suspended, debarred or subject to temporary denial of approval, by the Food and Drug Administration from working in or providing services, directly or indirectly, to any applicant for approval of a drug product or any pharmaceutical or biotechnology company under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992. 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

1.5 Title. During the Term, Dr. Pierce shall have the title of Science Fellow with Client. 

2. Compensation. 

2.1. Consulting Services. In consideration of the Consulting Services rendered by Consultant to Client, Client agrees to pay Consultant for time actually spent providing the Consulting Services as set forth in the Business Terms Exhibit. The amounts paid to Consultant will be consistent with industry norms and will reasonably compensate Consultant for time and effort expended on the Client s behalf. For the avoidance of doubt, the payment provided hereunder to Consultant does not take into account the volume or value of any referrals or business that otherwise may be generated between the parties. Similarly, it imposes no obligation, express or implied, to purchase, order, or lease any Client product, or to arrange for or recommend the purchase, order, or lease of any Client product. Consultant shall maintain records of hours spent providing the Consulting Services and submit to Client, via e-mail to [ .com], on a monthly basis an invoice of the time so recorded for the preceding month. Such invoices shall specify the times Consulting Services were provided and the work performed during that period and will be payable in U.S. Dollars. All undisputed payments will be made by Client within thirty (30) days from Client s receipt of Consultant s invoice. 

2.2. Location of Performance of Services. Consultant s primary location of performance of Consulting Services is 282088 US Highway 101, Port Townsend, WA, 98368. 

3. Travel Expenses. Client will pay Consultant a rate of 50 of standard hourly consultant rate (which equals 200 during the Retainer Term and 250 thereafter) for time spent in transit should Consultant be requested to travel greater than 25 miles from Consultant s primary base of work (i.e., [ ]). For travel on behalf of Client, Client will reimburse Consultant for reasonable and necessary travel expenses, including lodging and meal expenses, in accordance with the mutally agreed upon terms outlined in this document. Client assumes no obligation to reimburse for travel expenses that are unreasonable or unrelated to Client business. All air and train travel is expected be economy class unless cumulative air travel or train travel time exceeds 3 hours or requires overnight transit in which case business class accommodation is appropriate. Prior written approval for travel, including higher than economy class , will be obtained in advance. Client expects Consultant to use at least the same level of care and discretion in spending while on authorized travel as Consultant would use with respect to Consultant s own expenses. All business-related expenses should be documented from actual receipts or copies thereof to support the expense incurred. Consultant shall record such expenses on the invoice described in Section 2.1, and, absent a good faith dispute, Client shall provide payment to Consultant for such expenses within thirty (30) days following receipt of such invoices. 

4. Equity Awards. The parties understand and agree that Dr. Pierce will be personally performing the Consulting Services under this Agreement, and, as a result, Consultant s performance of Consulting Services hereunder during the Term will (i) constitute uninterrupted Continuous Service (as defined in Client s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan) by Dr. Pierce to Client and (ii) deem Dr. Pierce an Eligible Person (as defined in Client s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan), in each case for purposes of any Client equity awards (including but not limited to stock options and restricted stock units) held by Dr. Pierce as of the Effective Date. In addition, unless this Agreement is terminated by Client pursuant to Section 7.3, the exercise period for all Client stock options held by Dr. Pierce as of the Effective Date (to the extent vested at the time the Dr. Pierce ceases providing Continuous Services or ceases to be an Eligible Person) shall be extended until the latter of (A) December 7, 2025 or (B) until such time as provided 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

for in the applicable equity plan and Dr. Pierce s applicable option award agreement. The amendment of the exercise period set forth in this paragraph may impact the treatment of stock options deemed to be incentive stock options taxable in accordance with Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (i.e., such options may be converted into non-qualified stock options, taxable upon exercise). Consultant and Dr. Pierce acknowledge and agree that Client does not guarantee or make any representations regarding the tax consequences of this provision or the tax treatment of any stock options. 
 
 5. Proprietary Rights. 

5.1. Developments. Developments means ideas, concepts, discoveries, inventions, developments, improvements, know-how, trade secrets, designs, processes, methodologies, materials, products, formulations, data, documentation, reports, algorithms, notation systems, computer programs, works of authorship, databases, devices, equipment and any other creations (whether or not patentable or subject to copyright or trade secret protection) that are developed or conceived or reduced to practice by Consultant, either alone or jointly with others, and that result from or relate to the performance of the Consulting Services. 

5.2. Ownership. All Developments will be the exclusive property of Client. Consultant hereby assigns and, to the extent any such assignment cannot be made at present, hereby assigns to Client, without further compensation, all right, title and interest in and to all Developments and any and all related patents, patent applications, copyrights, copyright applications, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets and other proprietary rights in the United States and throughout the world. During and after the Term, Consultant will cooperate fully in obtaining patent and other proprietary protection for the Developments, all in the name of Client and at Client s cost and expense, and, without limitation, will execute and deliver all requested applications, assignments and other documents, and take such other measures as Client may reasonably request, in order to perfect and enforce Client s rights in the Developments. Consultant appoints Client its attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on Consultant s behalf in the event Consultant fails to do so. Consultant acknowledges that all copyrightable materials developed or produced by Consultant during the performance of the Consulting Services constitute works made for hire pursuant to the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section 101). 

5.3. Records and Reporting. Consultant shall make and maintain adequate and current written records of all Developments. Such records shall be furnished to Client as and when requested by Client and will be the exclusive property of Client. Consultant will promptly disclose all Developments to Client. 

5.4. Work at Third Party Facilities. Consultant will not make any use of any funds, personnel, equipment, facilities or other resources of any third party in performing the Consulting Services nor to take any other action that would result in a third party owning or having a right in any Developments. 

6. Confidential Information and Materials . 

6.1. Definitions. Confidential Information means any and all non-public information of Client, including that of third parties that Client has an obligation to maintain as confidential and that developed by Consultant in the performance of the Consulting Services, pertaining to Client s technologies, products, intellectual property, finances, operations and/or business, 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

and whether or not labeled as being confidential information of Client. Materials means any biological, chemical or similar materials of Client which are furnished by Client to Consultant in order to perform the Consulting Services. If the provision of Materials is contemplated under this Agreement, the Materials to be provided are so identified in the Business Terms Exhibit. 
 
 6.2. Obligations of Confidentiality. During the Term of this Agreement and thereafter, Consultant will not directly or indirectly (a) publish, disseminate or otherwise disclose, (b) use for Consultant s own benefit or for the benefit of a third party or (c) deliver or make available to any third party, any Confidential Information or Materials, other than in furtherance of the purposes of this Agreement and only then with the prior written consent of Client. Consultant will exercise all reasonable precautions to physically protect the integrity and confidentiality of the Confidential Information and Materials and will not remove any Confidential Information or Materials from Client s premises, other than in furtherance of the purposes of this Agreement and then only with Client s prior written consent. 

6.3. Exceptions. Consultant will have no obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information which: 

(a) is or later becomes generally available to the public by use, publication or the like, through no breach of this Agreement by, or act or omission of, Consultant; 

(b) is obtained from a third party who had no obligation of confidentiality and the legal right to disclose the same to Consultant; or 

(c) Consultant already possesses, as evidenced by its written records that predate the receipt thereof from Client. 

In the event that Consultant is required (by oral questions, interrogatories, request for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, Consultant will give Client prompt notice thereof so that Client may seek an appropriate protective order. Consultant will reasonably cooperate with Client in its efforts to seek such a protective order. 
 Consultant acknowledges receipt of the following notice under 18 U.S.C 1833(b)(1): An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 6.4. Material Non-Public Information. Consultant acknowledges that certain of the foregoing types of Confidential Information disclosed to Consultant, or of which Consultant otherwise becomes aware of, during the term of this Agreement may be or be deemed to be material non-public information MNPI within the meaning of the federal or state securities laws. MNPI will only be disclosed to Consultant on a need to know basis and for the specific purpose of providing the Consulting Services, and Consultant shall use such MNPI only for such specific purpose. Consultant agrees to abide by all securities and related laws, rules and regulations in connection with providing the Consulting Services including, without 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

limitation, those laws, rules and regulations relating to the receipt, handling and use of MNPI. Consultant agrees that it will not buy or sell common stock or other securities (including, but not limited to, derivatives and options) of Client on the basis of MNPI regarding Client or otherwise. 
 
 6.5. Remedies. It is understood and agreed that Client will be irreparably injured by a breach of this Section 6; that money damages will not be an adequate remedy for any such breach; and that Client will be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, without having to post a bond, as a remedy for any such breach, and such remedy will not be Client s exclusive remedy for any breach of this Section 6. 

7. Term and Termination . 

7.1. Term. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for the term specified on the Business Terms Exhibit (the Term ), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the express terms of this Section 7 or extended by mutual written agreement of the parties. 

7.2. Termination by Either Party. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason, by giving twenty (20) business day s written notice to the other party. 

7.3. Termination for Breach. Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notice in the event of a breach of this Agreement which cannot be cured (e.g., a breach of Section 6) or in the event either party is accused of a crime or unethical conduct. 

7.4. Effect of Expiration/Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, for any reason, neither Consultant nor Client will have any further obligations under this Agreement, except that (a) Consultant will terminate all Consulting Services in progress in an orderly manner and as otherwise requested by Client, (b) Client will pay Consultant any monies due and owing Consultant for Consulting Services actually performed up to the time of expiration or termination of this Agreement, including any orderly completion of the Consulting Services requested by Client, (c) Consultant will immediately return to Client all Confidential Information provided to Consultant under this Agreement except for one (1) copy which Consultant may retain solely for legal archival purposes, (d) Consultant will immediately return to Client all unused Materials provided to Consultant under this Agreement, (e) Consultant will immediately deliver to Client all Developments and records of Developments, and (f) the terms and conditions of Sections 1.3, 1.4, 5, 6, 7.4 (including 7.4.1 and 7.4.2), 8 and 9 will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement. 

7.4.1. Termination by Client. If during the Retainer Term the Client terminates this Agreement for any reason other than a breach of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3, then the remainder of the retainer (i.e., 76,800 minus the sum of previously invoiced Consultant hours) will be paid by Client to Consultant within 30 days of the date of termination. 

7.4.2. Termination by Consultant. If during the Retainer Term the Consultant terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.3, then the remainder of the retainer (i.e., 76,800 minus the sum of previously invoiced Consultant hours) will be paid by Client to Consultant within 30 days of the date of termination. 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

8. Indemnification. Each party shall be responsible for its own conduct, and each party (the Indemnifying Party to this Agreement agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its employees, and agents (collectively the Indeminified Parties ), with respect to any and all third party claims, suits, actions, liabilities, and costs of any kind, including attorneys fees and costs, arising from the grossly negligent or willful misconduct of the Indemifying Party, its directors, officers, agents or subcontractors. In the event that loss or damage results from the conduct of more than one party, each party agrees to be responsible for only its own proportionate share of the claimant s damages under the laws of the State of Washington. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

9.1. Independent Contractor. All Consulting Services will be rendered by Consultant as an independent contractor and this Agreement does not create an employer-employee, principal- agent, joint venture or partnership relationship between Consultant and Client. Consultant will have no right to receive any employee benefits, such as health and accident insurance, sick leave or vacation which are accorded to employees of Client. Consultant will not in any way represent Consultant to be an employee, partner, joint venturer or agent of Client. 

9.2. Taxes. Consultant will pay all required taxes on Consultant's income from Client under this Agreement. Consultant shall provide Client with all required tax information, including without limitation, an IRS Form W-9 Request for Taxpayer Identification Number and Certification. Failure to provide such information may result in withholding of payments to Consultant. 

9.3. Use of Name. Consultant consents to the use by Client of Consultant s name in written materials and oral presentations to current or prospective business partners, investors or other third parties, provided that such materials or presentations accurately describe the nature of Consultant s relationship with or contribution to Client. 

9.4. Assignability and Binding Effect. The Consulting Services to be rendered by Consultant are personal in nature. Consultant may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any of Consultant s rights or obligations under this Agreement. Client shall have the right to assign this Agreement to an affiliated company or in connection with the merger, consolidation, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the business to which this Agreement relates. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective legal representatives, heirs, successors and permitted assigns. 

9.5. Notices. Any notices from one party to the other will be in writing and will be given by addressing the same to the other at the address set forth in this Agreement, and in the case of notices to Client shall also be emailed to [ ].com. Notices to Client will be marked CEO . Notice will be deemed to have been duly given when (a) deposited in the United States mail with proper postage for first class registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, (b) sent by any reputable commercial courier, or (c) delivered personally. 

9.6. Headings. The section headings are included solely for convenience of reference and will not control or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

9.7. No Modification. This Agreement may be changed only by a writing signed by authorized representatives of both parties. 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

9.8. Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be excessively broad, it will be reformed and construed by limiting and reducing it so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

9.9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the Consulting Services, and supersedes all previous written or oral representations, agreements and understandings between the parties relating to the Consulting Services. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not supersede or modify any surviving representations, agreements and understandings previously entered into by Dr. Pierce in his capacity as an employee of Client (collectively, the Existing Agreements ). In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the terms of the Existing Agreements with respect to Dr. Pierce s post-employment obligations, the Existing Agreements will control. 

9.10. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Washington applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein, without giving effect to the principles thereof relating to the conflict of laws. 

9.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank] 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 Doctor Hope LLC 

By: /s/ John Celebi 
 By: /s/ Robert Pierce, MD 

Name: John Celebi 
 Name: Robert Pierce, MD 

Title: President and CEO 
 Title: Partner 

Date: December 7, 2022 
 Date: December 7, 2022 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

EXHIBIT A BUSINESS TERMS EXHIBIT 
 Independent Contractor Agreement with Sensei Biotherapeutics 
 
 1. Consulting Services: 

On behalf of Consultant, Robert Hamilton Pierce, MD will personally provide the following Consulting Services: 
 
 Assisting Client from time to time with: 

o translational medicine matters for the Company s Phase 1/2 clinical trial of SNS- 101; 

o certain investor relations and business development activities; 

o collaboration activities with the Client s external partners, such as Dr. Sara Pai/Massachussets General Hospital; and 

o such other Consulting Services as reasonably requested by Client from time to time. 

2. Compensation: 

Notwithstanding the timing of payments set forth in Section 2.1 and subject to Section 7, during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the 6-month anniversary of the Effective Date (the Retainer Term ), Consultant shall be paid a monthly retainer of 12,800 per month, payable on the following schedule: 

January 6, 2023 
 12,800 

February 7, 2023 
 12,800 

March 7, 2023 
 12,800 

April 7, 2023 
 12,800 

May 8, 2023 
 12,800 

June 7, 2023 
 12,800 

During the Retainer Term, Consultant shall provide at least 32 hours of Consulting Services per month, provided that the monthly retainer amount of 12,800 will be paid even if the number of monthly hours is less than 32 hours. Consulting Services that exceed 32 hours in any given month during the Retainer Term shall require the prior written consent of John Celebi (email being sufficient) and will be billed at 400/hour. 
 
 Following the expiration of the Retainer Term (the Post-Retainer Term ), Consultant shall be paid an hourly rate of 500 per hour. During the Post-Retainer Term, Consultant shall spend no more than eight (8) hours per week providing Consulting Services without the prior written consent of John Celebi (email being sufficient). 
 
 Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

Separate and in addition to the above, throughout the Term, all travel time shall be compensated per Section 3 above. 
 
 3. Term: 

The Term of this Agreement will be the one (1) year period beginning on the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. 
 451 D Street, Suite 710 | Boston, MA 02210 www.senseibio.com 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 6
 snse-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-263567 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-264827 and 333-252954 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 snse-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Celebi, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13A-15(f) and 15D-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Celebi 

John Celebi 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 snse-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Erin Colgan, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13A-15(f) and 15D-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;(c)	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Erin Colgan 

Erin Colgan 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 snse-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), John Celebi, President and Chief Executive Officer of Sensei Biotherapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), and Erin Colgan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 
 (1)	The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 
 (2)	The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 29th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ John Celebi 
 
 /s/ Erin Colgan 

John Celebi 
 
 Erin Colgan 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 snse-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 snse-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 24
 snse-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 snse-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 snse-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

