<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1016281_0001016281-23-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22585109</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309965</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2838471</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8984257</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5366713</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4651559</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001016281-23-000045.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301164100
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001016281-23-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CARRIAGE SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001016281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				760423828
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11961
		FILM NUMBER:		23694302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-332-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001016281-23-000045.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 csv-20221231.htm
 10-K

csv-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended, , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 _______________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million based on the closing price of 39.65 per share on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, .01 par value per share, outstanding as of February 24, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 25 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 92 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 94 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 94 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 95 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 95 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 95 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 98 
 Signatures 
 99 

CAUTIONARY NOTE 
 Certain statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical information, should be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The words may , will , estimate , intend , believe , expect , seek , project , forecast , foresee , should , would , could , plan , anticipate and other similar words or expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding any projections of earnings, revenue, cash flow, debt levels, capital allocation, death rates, market share growth, overhead, including field and corporate incentive compensation, or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; including, but not limited to, technology innovations, product development and organizational performance; any statements of the plans, timing and objectives of management for acquisition and divestiture activities; any statements of the plans, timing, expectations and objectives of management for future financing activities, including, but not limited to, capital allocation, cost and debt reductions, and the ability to obtain credit or financing; any statements regarding future economic and market conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing and are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenue and operating results are based on our forecasts for our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 
 our ability to find and retain skilled personnel; 
 the effects of our talent recruitment efforts, incentive and compensation plans and programs, including such effects on our Standards Operating Model and the Company s operational and financial performance; 
 our ability to execute our growth strategy; 
 the execution of our Standards Operating, 4E Leadership and Strategic Acquisition Models; 
 the effects of competition; 
 changes in the number of deaths in our markets; 
 changes in consumer preferences and our ability to adapt to or meet those changes; 
 our ability to generate preneed sales, including implementing our cemetery portfolio sales strategy, product development and optimization plans; 
 the investment performance of our funeral and cemetery trust funds; 
 fluctuations in interest rates; 
 the effects of inflation on our operational and financial performance, including the increased overall costs for our goods and services, the impact on customer preferences as a result of changes in discretionary income, and our ability, if at all, to mitigate such effects; 
 our ability to obtain debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms to fund additional acquisitions, expansion projects, working capital requirements and the repayment or refinancing of indebtedness; 
 our ability to meet the timing, objectives and expectations related to our capital allocation framework, including our forecasted rates of return, planned uses of free cash flow and future capital allocation, including share repurchases, potential strategic acquisitions, internal growth projects, dividend increases, or debt repayment plans; 
 our ability to meet the projected financial and equity performance goals to our updated full year outlook, if at all; 
 the timely and full payment of death benefits related to preneed funeral contracts funded through life insurance contracts; 
 the financial condition of third-party insurance companies that fund our preneed funeral contracts; 
 increased or unanticipated costs, such as merchandise, goods, insurance or taxes, and our ability to mitigate or minimize such costs, if at all; 
 our level of indebtedness and the cash required to service our indebtedness; 
 changes in federal income tax laws and regulations and the implementation and interpretation of these laws and regulations by the Internal Revenue Service; 
 effects of the application of other applicable laws and regulations, including changes in such regulations or the interpretation thereof; 
 1 

the potential impact of epidemics and pandemics, including, for example, the COVID-19 coronavirus, including any new variants or sub-variants of COVID-19, on customer preferences and on our business; 
 government, social, business and other actions that have been and will be taken in response to pandemics and epidemics, including potential responses to new variants of COVID-19, its variants and any sub-variants; 
 effects and expense of litigation; 
 consolidation of the funeral and cemetery industry; 
 our ability to identify and consummate strategic acquisitions, if at all, and successfully integrate acquired businesses with our existing businesses, including expected performance and financial improvements related thereto; 
 economic, financial and stock market fluctuations, 
 interruptions or security lapses of our information technology, including any cybersecurity or ransomware incidents, 
 acts of war or terrorists acts and the governmental or military response to such acts; 
 our failure to maintain effective control over financial reporting; and 
 other factors and uncertainties inherent in the funeral and cemetery industry. 
 For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 2 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 GENERAL 
 Carriage Services, Inc. Carriage, the Company, we, us, or our was incorporated in the State of Delaware in December 1993 and is a leading provider of funeral and cemetery services and merchandise in the United States. We operate in two business segments: Funeral Home Operations, which currently accounts for approximately 70 of our total revenue, and Cemetery Operations, which currently accounts for approximately 30 of our total revenue. 
 At December 31, 2022, we operated 171 funeral homes in 26 states and 32 cemeteries in 11 states. We compete with other publicly held and independent operators of funeral and cemetery companies. We believe we are a market leader in most of our markets. 
 Funeral home and cemetery businesses provide products and services to families in three principal areas: (i) ceremony and tribute, generally in the form of a funeral or memorial service; (ii) disposition of remains, either through burial or cremation; and (iii) memorialization, generally through monuments, markers or inscriptions. Our funeral homes offer a complete range of services to meet a family s funeral needs, including consultation, the removal and preparation of remains, the sale of caskets and related funeral merchandise, the use of funeral home facilities for visitation and memorial services and transportation services. Most of our funeral homes have a non-denominational chapel on the premises, which permits family visitation and services to take place at one location and thereby reduces transportation costs and inconvenience to the family. 
 Our cemeteries provide interment rights (primarily grave sites, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces and niches), related cemetery merchandise (such as memorial markers, outer burial containers and monuments) and services (interments, inurnments and installation of cemetery merchandise). 
 We provide funeral and cemetery services and products on both an atneed (time of death) and preneed (planned prior to death) basis. 
 CURRENT YEAR DEVELOPMENTS 
 Executive Leadership Changes 
 On April 1, 2022, Rob Franch joined our executive leadership team as Chief Information Officer. 
 On September 26, 2022, Robbie Pape joined our executive leadership team as Senior Vice President and Regional Partner. 
 On September 27, 2022, C. Benjamin Brink informed the Company of his plans to resign from his position as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective January 2, 2023. Mr. Brink remained in his role through January 2, 2023 and will serve as a consultant for the Company through June 30, 2023. The planned resignation was not the result of any disagreement Mr. Brink had with the Company on any matter related to the Company's operations, policies, and practices, including any matters concerning the Company's controls or any financial or accounting-related matters or disclosures. 
 On January 2, 2023, following the resignation of Carl Benjamin Brink, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) from the Company, our Board of Directors (our Board appointed Adeola Olaniyan, the Company s Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Office, as the Company s interim Principal Financial Officer until a permanent replacement is identified. In this interim role, Ms. Olaniyan will serve as both the Company s Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. 
 Board of Director Changes 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board elected Carlos R. Quezada, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, to serve as a Class II director, effective February 22, 2023, until the Company s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board also appointed Mr. Quezada to serve as Vice Chairman of the Board. Mr. Quezada will serve as a non-independent member of the Board, and the Board does not expect to appoint Mr. Quezada to any of its standing committees. Following the appointment of Mr. Quezada, the Board is now comprised of six directors, including four independent directors. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Amendments 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board, on the recommendation of the Board s Audit Committee, approved various amendments to the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ), which applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. In addition to making certain technical and administrative updates, the amendments to the Code include, among other things, summarizing and clarifying the Company s existing compliance 
 3 

requirements and also identifies and expands upon certain policies, including those related to bribery and kickbacks, antitrust, political activity and improper influence on auditors. The approval of the amendments to the Code did not relate to or result in any waiver, whether explicit or implicit, of any provision of the prior version of the Code. 
 Acquisitions 
 On August 8, 2022, we acquired a business consisting of two funeral homes in Kissimmee, Florida for 6.3 million in cash. On October 25, 2022, we acquired a business consisting of three funeral homes, one cemetery and one cremation focused business in the Charlotte, North Carolina area for 25.0 million in cash. 
 Divestitures 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold real property for 3.3 million and four funeral homes for 1.5 million for a net gain of 0.7 million. 
 On January 31, 2023, we sold one funeral home and two cemeteries in Marshall, Texas for 0.8 million. 
 Credit Facility 
 On May 27 2022, we entered into a second amendment and commitment increase to the Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Pursuant to the amendment, the revolving credit commitment was increased from 200.0 million to 250.0 million. 
 On December 9, 2022, we entered into a third amendment to the Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The amendment provided, among other things, for an increase in the maximum Total Leverage Ratio and modifications to the permitted investments covenant, relating to the Company s ability to make certain acquisitions. 
 For additional discussion about our Credit Facility, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to permit us to purchase up to an additional 75.0 million under our share repurchase program, in addition to amounts previously authorized. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any common shares. At December 31, 2022, our share repurchase program had 48.9 million authorized for repurchases. 
 Business Impacts of COVID-19 
 On March 11, 2020, COVID-19 was deemed a global pandemic and since then, the Company has continued to proactively monitor and assess the pandemic s current and potential impact to the Company s operations. Since that time, the Company s senior leadership team has taken steps to assist our businesses throughout each phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, including updating our processes and procedures to comply with all regulatory mandates, along with keeping the health and safety of our employees and the families we serve our top priority. While we believe the country has begun to transition to a post-pandemic phase, we continue to monitor the situation and may make appropriate adjustments to our operations as necessary. 
 The overall macroeconomic impact from the pandemic to the deathcare industry may provide varying results as compared to other industries. Our industry s revenues are impacted by various factors, including for example, fluctuations in the death rate, the number of funeral services performed, the average price for a service and the mix of traditional burial versus cremation contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to see the death rate normalize to pre-COVID-19 levels, which accelerated during the latter part of the year. Although deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 have now largely decreased to have minimal direct impact on the overall death rate, the overall death rate remains slightly higher than the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period. Regardless of these recent trends, our businesses have remained focused on being innovative and resourceful, providing families immediate service as part of the grieving process. 
 Within our financial reporting environment, we have considered the impact of COVID-19 on the assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial results for the year have been made, but are complicated by the continued uncertainty surrounding the normalization of the death rate and the scope, severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ultimate impact. This includes the potential impacts of new variants of COVID-19, its sub-variants and any other new variants, and any resulting impacts from such variants. We do not believe we are particularly vulnerable to concentrations, with respect to geographic area, revenue for specific products or our relationships with our vendors. To date, we have not experienced any material supply chain impacts or disruptions from our vendors attributable to COVID-19 and we continue to receive reliable service. 
 4 

We believe our access to capital, the cost of our capital, and the sources and uses of our cash should be relatively consistent in the near term. While the expected duration and potential future impacts of the pandemic are unknown, we have not currently experienced any material negative impacts to our liquidity position, access to capital, or cash flows as a result of COVID-19. For additional information related to our liquidity position, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to see deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 largely decrease to have minimal impact on the overall death rate, which accelerated during the third and fourth quarter. However, the overall death rate remains slightly higher than the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period, and we are unable to predict or forecast the duration or variation of this increased death rate with any certainty. As a result, we experienced lower volumes, revenues, earnings and margins when compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, but overall financial performance remains at or above prior reporting periods during and prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although we expect these death rate fluctuation trends to continue, we will continue to assess these impacts, including the potential impacts of new variants of COVID-19, its sub-variants and any other new variants, and implement appropriate procedures, plans, strategy, and issue any disclosures that may be required, as the situation surrounding the pandemic and related regulatory mandates and restrictions, if any, evolves. 
 Inflationary Trends 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, we began to experience modest cost increases and surcharges from our vendors and suppliers on merchandise and goods due to broader inflationary, raw material cost increases, and global supply chain impacts. This trend in modest cost increases continued during the fourth quarter of 2022, with the Company experiencing, for example, higher costs related to full-time hourly base rates, utilities, funeral supplies, merchandise costs and insurance. Although we have taken steps to mitigate these cost increases and we expect these impacts to continue throughout the current year, the ultimate scope and duration of these impacts are unknown at this time. More broadly, the U.S. economy continues to experience higher rates of inflation, which has impacted a wide variety of industries and sectors, with consumers facing rising prices. Such inflation may negatively impact consumers or discretionary spending, including the amount that consumers are able to spend on our services, although we have not experienced such impacts to date and our industry has been largely resilient to similar adverse economic and market environments in the past. Although we expect these trends to continue throughout the current year, we will continue to assess these impacts and take the appropriate steps, if necessary, to mitigate these cost increases, if possible. 
 OUR OPERATIONS 
 See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 21 for segment data related to our operations. 
 Funeral Home and Cemetery Operations 
 Our funeral home and cemetery operations are managed by a team of experienced industry and sales professionals with substantial leadership experience. 
 Given the high fixed-cost structure associated with funeral home operations, we believe the following are key factors affecting our profitability: 
 our ability to establish and maintain market share positions supported by strong local heritage and relationships; 
 our ability to effectively respond to the increasing trends towards cremation by bundling complimentary services and merchandise; 
 our ability to successfully execute our Standards Operating Model; 
 our ability to control salary, merchandise and other controllable costs; 
 our ability to exercise pricing leverage related to our atneed business to increase average revenue per contract; 
 demographic trends in terms of population growth and average age, which impact death rates and number of deaths; and 
 our response to fluctuations in capital markets and interest rates, which affect investment earnings on trust funds and our securities portfolio within the trust funds, which would offset lower pricing power as preneed contracts mature. 
 Our cemetery operations are subject to many of the same profitability factors as our funeral home business, as well as the following key factors: 
 size and success of our sales organization; 
 local perceptions and heritage of our cemeteries; 
 5 

our ability to adapt to changes in the economy and consumer confidence; and 
 our response to fluctuations in capital markets and interest rates, which affect investment earnings on trust funds, finance charges on installment contracts and our securities portfolio within the trust funds. 
 Personalization and pre-planning continue to be two important trends in the funeral and cemetery industry, but the national trend toward more cremations may be the most significant. While this trend is expected to continue, other factors are expected to lead to rising industry revenue, including an increase in spending on additional or unique funeral and cremation services. Shifting preferences will likely continue to lead to a considerable rise in cremations; as such, we are focused on educating and providing our cremation customers with additional services and products that are available. All of our funeral homes offer cremation products and services. While the average revenue for a cremation service is generally lower than that of an average traditional burial service, we have found that this revenue can be substantially enhanced by offering additional services and merchandise, including video tributes, flowers, burial garments and memorial items such as urns, keepsake jewelry and other items that hold a portion of the cremated remains. 
 We believe the following are our key strengths for our funeral home and cemetery operations: 
 Market Leader. We compete with other publicly held funeral and cemetery companies and smaller, independent operators and believe we are a market leader in most of our markets. We focus on markets that perform better than the industry average and are less subject to material economic and demographic changes. 
 High Performance, Decentralized, Partnership Culture. Our funeral homes and cemeteries are managed by entrepreneurially focused Managing Partners with extensive funeral and cemetery industry experience, often within their local markets. They are responsible for day-to-day operations and for growing the business by hiring, training and developing highly motivated and productive local teams. Our businesses are supported by a broader team of High Performance leaders across multiple disciplines in our support center located in Houston, Texas. This promotes more cooperation and synergy between our funeral and cemetery operations and supports the goal of market-share and volume growth in our most significant markets. We believe our decentralized and partnership culture is very attractive to owners of premier independent businesses that fit our profile of suitable acquisition candidates. 
 Flexible Capital Structure and Strong Cash Flows. We believe our capital structure provides us with financial flexibility by allowing us to invest our cash in growth opportunities, such as business acquisitions and cemetery inventory projects. While we reassess our capital allocation strategy annually, we currently believe that our financial goals will best be achieved by continuing to improve the operational and financial performance of our existing portfolio of businesses while selectively investing our cash in growth opportunities that generate a return on invested capital in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. For additional information regarding our capital structure, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Strong Field-Level Gross Profit Margins. We believe we have strong field-level gross profit margins and this performance is a testament to the success of our business strategies. Our strong margins and the ability to control costs are important advantages in a business such as ours that is characterized by a high fixed-cost structure. We will continue to seek ways to improve our financial performance, and we believe that our Standards Operating Model will continue to yield long-term improvement in our financial results. 
 Integrated Information Systems. We have implemented information systems to support local business decisions and to monitor performance of our businesses compared to financial and performance standards. Additionally, we have innovative technological and digital tools that enhance our ability to serve our client families in a remote environment. To further enhance the services we provide to our client families, we have begun developing a multi-year strategy with a greater focus on leveraging technology, specifically with customer facing opportunities. All of our funeral homes and cemeteries are connected to our support center located in Houston, Texas, which allows us to monitor and assess critical operating and financial data and analyze the performance of individual locations on a timely basis. Furthermore, our information system infrastructure provides senior management with a critical tool for monitoring and adhering to our established internal controls, which is critical given our decentralized model and the sensitive nature of our business operations. 
 Proven Leadership Team. Our leadership team, headed by our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Melvin C. Payne, is characterized by a dynamic culture that focuses on addressing changing market conditions and emerging trends in the funeral services industry. We believe our culture of emphasizing the 4E (Energy, Energize Others, Edge and Execution) leadership characteristics is critical and will provide an important advantage as the funeral and cemetery industry evolves. We are committed to continue operating an efficient organization and strengthening our corporate and local business leadership. 
 6 

Preneed Programs 
 Funeral and cemetery arrangements sold prior to death occurring are referred to as preneed contracts. We market funeral and cemetery services and products on a preneed basis at the local level. We operate under a decentralized preneed sales strategy whereby each business location customizes its preneed program to its local needs. 
 Preneed funeral or cemetery contracts enable families to establish, in advance, the type of service to be performed, the products to be used and the cost of such products and services. Preneed contracts permit families to eliminate the burden of making deathcare plans at the time of need and allow input from other family members before the death occurs. We guarantee the price and performance of the preneed contracts to the customer. 
 Approximately 15 of our funeral services performed are funded through preneed contracts, which are usually secured by placing the funds collected in trust for the benefit of the customer or by the purchase of a life insurance policy, the proceeds of which will pay for such services at the time of need. Insurance-funded contracts allow us to earn commission income to improve our near-term cash flow and offset a significant amount of the up-front costs associated with preneed sales. Trust funded contracts typically provide cash that is invested in various securities with the expectation that returns will exceed the growth factor in the insurance contracts. The cash flow and earnings from insurance contracts are more stable, but are generally lower than traditional trust fund investments. In markets that depend on preneed sales for market share, we supplement the arrangements written by our local funeral directors with sales sourced by our own sales counselors and by third party sellers. We sold 9,563 and 9,111 preneed funeral contracts, net of cancellations, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. At December 31, 2022, we had a backlog of 100,861 preneed funeral contracts to be delivered in the future. 
 In addition to preneed funeral contracts, we also offer pre-planned funeral arrangements whereby a customer determines in advance substantially all of the details of a funeral service without any financial commitment or other obligation on the part of the client until the actual time of need. Pre-planned funeral arrangements permit a family to avoid the burden of making deathcare plans at the time of need and enable a funeral home to establish relationships with a client that may eventually lead to an atneed sale. 
 Approximately 50 of our cemetery operating revenue is derived from preneed property sales. Our preneed cemetery strategy is to build family heritage in our cemeteries by selling property and interment rights prior to death through full time, highly motivated and entrepreneurial local sales teams. Our goal is to build broader and deeper teams of sales leaders and counselors in our larger and more strategically located cemeteries, including the development of standardized sales systems across our portfolio of cemeteries, in order to focus on growth of our preneed property sales. For example, during 2022, we continued to grow our cemetery sales and marketing team to develop and implement our standardized sales system. Cemetery merchandise and services are often purchased in addition to cemetery property at the time of sale. The performance of these preneed cemetery contracts is secured by placing the funds collected in trust for the benefit of the customer, the proceeds of which will pay for such services at the time of need. General consumer confidence and discretionary income may have a significant impact on our preneed sales success rate. Cemetery revenue that originated from preneed contracts represented approximately 67 of our total cemetery revenue for both 2021 and 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had a backlog of 66,797 preneed cemetery contracts to be delivered in the future. 
 Trust Funds and Insurance Contracts 
 We have established a variety of trusts in connection with funeral home and cemetery operations as required under applicable state laws. Such trusts include (i) preneed funeral trusts; (ii) preneed cemetery merchandise and service trusts; and (iii) cemetery perpetual care trusts. These trusts are typically administered by independent financial institutions that we select. Investment management and advisory services are provided either by our wholly-owned registered investment advisory firm CSV RIA or by independent financial advisors. As of December 31, 2022, CSV RIA provided these services to approximately 80 of our trust assets, for a fee based on the market value of trust assets. Under state trust laws, we are allowed to charge the trust a fee for advising on the investment of the trust assets and these fees are recognized as income in the period in which services are provided. The investment advisors establish an investment policy that provides guidance on asset allocation, investment requirements, investment manager selection and performance monitoring. The investment objectives are tailored to generate long-term investment returns without assuming undue risk, while ensuring the management of assets complies with applicable laws. 
 Preneed sales generally require deposits to a trust or purchase of a third-party insurance product. Trust fund income earned, along with the receipt and recognition of any insurance benefits, are not reflected in our revenue until the service is performed or the merchandise is delivered. Trust fund holdings and deferred revenue are reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet, while our insurance funded contracts are not reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. In most states, we are not permitted to withdraw principal or investment income from such trusts until the service is performed. Additionally, in most states, regulations require a portion (generally 10 of the sale amount of cemetery property and memorials to be placed in a 
 7 

perpetual care trust. The income from these perpetual care trusts provides funds necessary to maintain cemetery property and memorials in perpetuity. 
 For additional information with respect to our trusts, see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7. 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 Our business strategy is based on strong, local leadership with entrepreneurial principles that is focused on sustainable long-term market share, revenue, and profitability growth in each local business. We believe Carriage has the most innovative operating model in the funeral and cemetery industry, which we are able to achieve through a decentralized, high-performance culture and operating framework linked with incentive compensation programs that attract top-quality industry talent to our organization. We also believe that Carriage provides a unique consolidation and operating framework that offers a highly attractive succession planning solution for independent funeral home owners who want their legacy family business to remain operationally prosperous in their local communities. 
 Our Mission Statement states that we are committed to being the most professional, ethical and highest quality funeral and cemetery service organization in our industry and our Guiding Principles state our core values, which are comprised of: 
 Honesty, integrity and quality in all that we do; 
 Hard work, pride of accomplishment and shared success through employee ownership; 
 Belief in the power of people through individual initiative and teamwork; 
 Outstanding service and profitability go hand-in-hand; and 
 Growth of the Company is driven by decentralization and partnership. 
 Our five Guiding Principles collectively embody our Being The Best high-performance culture and operating framework. 
 Our operations and business strategy are built upon the execution of the following three models: 
 Standards Operating Model; 
 4E Leadership Model; and 
 Strategic Acquisition Model. 
 Standards Operating Model 
 Our Standards Operating Model is focused on growing local market share, providing personalized high-value services to our client families and guests, and operating financial metrics that drive long-term, sustainable revenue growth and improved earning power of our portfolio of businesses by employing leadership and entrepreneurial principles that fit the nature of our high-value personal service business. Standards Achievement is the measure by which we judge the success of each business and incentivize our local managers and their teams. Our Standards Operating Model is not designed to produce maximum short-term earnings because we believe such performance is unsustainable and will ultimately stress the business, which very often leads to declining market share, revenue and earnings. 
 Important elements of our Standards Operating Model include: 
 Balanced Operating Model We believe a decentralized structure works best in the funeral and cemetery industry. Successful execution of our Standards Operating Model is highly dependent on strong local leadership, intelligent risk taking, entrepreneurial drive and corporate support aligned with the key drivers of a successful operation organized around three primary areas - market share, high-value services and operating financial metrics. 
 Incentives Aligned with Standards Empowering local managers, who we call Managing Partners, to do the right things in their operations and local communities, and providing appropriate support with operating and financial practices, will enable long-term growth and sustainable profitability. Each Managing Partner participates in a variable bonus plan whereby he or she earns a percentage of his or her respective business earnings based upon the actual standards achieved as long as the performance exceeds our minimum standards. 
 The Right Local Leadership Successful execution of our operating model is highly dependent on strong local leadership as defined by our 4E Leadership Model, intelligent risk taking and entrepreneurial empowerment. A Managing Partner s performance is judged according to achievement of the standards for that business. 
 8 

4E Leadership Model 
 Our 4E Leadership Model requires strong local leadership in each business to grow an entrepreneurial, decentralized, high-value, personal service and sales business at sustainable profit margins. Our 4E Leadership Model is based upon principles established by Jack Welch during his tenure at General Electric, and is based upon 4E qualities essential to succeed in a high-performance culture: Energy to get the job done; the ability to Energize others; the Edge necessary to make difficult decisions; and the ability to Execute and produce results. To achieve a high level within our Standards in a business year after year, we require our Managing Partners that have the 4E Leadership skills to entrepreneurially grow the business by hiring, training and developing highly motivated and productive local teams. 
 Strategic Acquisition Model 
 Our Standards Operating Model led to the development of our Strategic Acquisition Model, which guides our acquisition strategy. We believe that both models, when executed effectively, will drive long-term, sustainable increases in market share, revenue, earnings and cash flow. We believe a primary driver of higher revenue and profits in the future will be the execution of our Strategic Acquisition Model using strategic ranking criteria to assess acquisition candidates. As we execute this strategy over time, we expect to acquire larger, higher margin strategic businesses. 
 We have learned that the long-term growth or decline of a local branded funeral and cemetery business is reflected by several criteria that correlate strongly with five to ten year performance in volumes (market share), revenue and sustainable field-level earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA margins (a non-GAAP measure). We use criteria such as cultural alignment, volume and price trends, size of business, size of market, competitive standing, demographics, strength of brand and barriers to entry to evaluate the strategic position of potential acquisition candidates. Our financial valuation of the acquisition candidate is then determined through the application of an appropriate after-tax cash return on investment that exceeds our cost of capital. 
 Our belief in our Mission Statement and Guiding Principles and proper execution of the three models that define our strategy have given us a competitive advantage in every market where we compete. We believe that we can execute our three models without proportionate incremental investment in our consolidation platform infrastructure and without additional fixed regional and corporate overhead. This gives us a competitive advantage that is evidenced by the sustained earning power of our portfolio as defined by our EBITDA margin. 
 COMPETITION 
 The operating environment in the funeral and cemetery industry has been highly competitive. The largest publicly held operators, in terms of revenue, of both funeral homes and cemeteries with operations in the United States are Service Corporation International SCI ), Park Lawn Corporation Park Lawn and Carriage. We believe these three companies collectively represent approximately 20 of funeral and cemetery revenue in the United States. Independent businesses, along with a few privately-owned consolidators, represent the remaining amount of industry revenue, accounting for an estimated 80 share of revenue. 
 Our funeral home and cemetery operations face competition in the markets that they serve. Our primary competition in most of our markets is from local independent operators. We have observed new start-up competition in certain areas of the country, which may impact our profitability in certain markets. Market share for funeral homes and cemeteries is largely a function of reputation and heritage, although competitive pricing, professional service and attractive, well-maintained and conveniently located facilities are also important. Because of the importance of reputation and heritage, market share increases are usually gained over a long period of time. The sale of preneed funeral services and cemetery property has increasingly been used by many companies as a marketing tool to build market share. 
 There has been increasing competition from providers specializing in specific services, such as cremations, who offer minimal service and low-end pricing. We also face competition from companies that market products and related merchandise over the internet and non-traditional casket stores in certain markets. These competitors have been successful in capturing a portion of the low-end market and product sales. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Our business can be affected by seasonal fluctuations in the death rate and may be further affected by epidemics and pandemics, like COVID-19. Generally, the number of deaths is higher during the winter months because the incidences of death from influenza and pneumonia are higher during this period than other periods of the year. For example, we experienced fluctuations in the death rate due to COVID-19, with a result of increased deaths during the duration of the pandemic. Although deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 have now largely decreased to have minimal direct impact on the overall death rate, 
 9 

the overall death rate remains higher than the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period. As a result, we are unable to predict or forecast the duration or variation of this increased death rate with any certainty. 
 REGULATION 
 General. Our operations are subject to regulations, supervision and licensing under numerous federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including extensive regulations concerning trust funds, preneed sales of funeral and cemetery products and services and various other aspects of our business. We believe that we comply in all material respects with the provisions of these laws, ordinances and regulations. Legislative bodies and regulatory agencies frequently propose new laws and regulations, some of which could have a material impact on our business. We cannot predict the impact of any future laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations. 
 Federal Trade Commission. Our funeral home operations are comprehensively regulated by the Federal Trade Commission FTC under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and a trade regulation rule for the funeral industry promulgated thereunder referred to as the Funeral Rule. The Funeral Rule defines certain acts or practices as unfair or deceptive and contains certain requirements to prevent these acts or practices. The preventive measures require a funeral provider to give consumers accurate, itemized pricing information and various other disclosures about funeral goods and services and prohibit a funeral provider from: (i) misrepresenting legal, crematory and cemetery requirements; (ii) embalming for a fee without permission; (iii) requiring the purchase of a casket for direct cremation; (iv) requiring consumers to buy certain funeral goods or services as condition for furnishing other funeral goods or services; (v) misrepresenting state and local requirements for an outer burial container; and (vi) representing that funeral goods and services have preservative and protective value. Additionally, the Funeral Rule requires the disclosure of mark-ups, commissions, additional charges and rebates related to cash advance items. On October 20, 2022, the FTC announced that it was retaining the Funeral Rule and issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking concerning potential amendments to the Funeral Rule. These potential amendments include, among other things, whether and how funeral providers should be required to display or attribute their price information online and through electronic means. On December 21, 2022, the FTC voted to extend the public comment period to January 17, 2023 for its advanced notice of proposed rulemaking on potential amendments to the Funeral Rule. We cannot predict what changes, if any, may be made to the Funeral Rule or the impact of any such changes on our business. 
 State Trust Laws. We have established a variety of trusts in connection with funeral home and cemetery operations as required under applicable state laws. Such trusts include (i) preneed funeral trusts; (ii) preneed cemetery merchandise and service trusts; and (iii) cemetery perpetual care trusts. These trusts are typically administered by independent financial institutions which we select. Under state trust laws, our wholly owned registered investment advisor is allowed to charge the trust a fee for advising on the investment of the trust assets and these fees are recognized as income in the period in which services are provided. Preneed funeral sales generally require deposits to a trust or purchase of a third-party insurance product. In most states, we are not permitted to withdraw principal or investment income from such trusts until the funeral service is performed. Some states, however, allow for the retention of a percentage (generally 10 of the receipts to offset any administrative and selling expenses. Additionally, we are generally required under applicable state laws to deposit a specified amount (which varies from state to state, generally 50 to 100 of the selling price) into a merchandise and service trust fund for preneed cemetery merchandise and services sales. 
 Environmental. Our operations are also subject to certain federal, regional, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including legal requirements governing air emissions, waste management and disposal and wastewater discharges. For instance, the federal Clean Air Act and analogous state laws, which restrict the emission of pollutants from many sources, including crematories, may require us to apply for and obtain air emissions permits, install costly emissions control equipment, and conduct monitoring and reporting tasks. Also, in the course of our operations, we store and use chemicals and other regulated substances as well as generate wastes that may subject us to strict liability under the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state laws, which govern the treatment, storage, and disposal of nonhazardous and hazardous wastes, and the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, a remedial statute that imposes cleanup obligations on current and past owners or operators of facilities where hazardous substance releases occurred and anyone who transported or disposed or arranged for the transportation or disposal of hazardous substances released into the environment from such sites. In addition, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, also known as the federal Clean Water Act, and analogous state laws regulate discharges of pollutants to state and federal waters. Underground and above ground storage tanks that store chemicals and fuels for vehicle maintenance or general operations are located at certain of our facilities and any spills or releases from those facilities may cause us to incur remedial liabilities under the Clean Water Act or analogous state laws as well as potential liabilities for damages to properties or persons. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial and corrective action obligations, delays in permitting or performance of projects and the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting some or all of our activities in affected areas. Moreover, accidental releases or spills may occur in the course of our operations, and we cannot assure that we will not incur 
 10 

significant costs and liabilities as a result of such releases or spills, including any third party claims for damages to property, natural resources or persons. Also, it is possible that implementation of stricter environmental laws and regulations or more stringent enforcement of existing environmental requirements could result in additional, currently unidentifiable costs or liabilities to us, such as requirements to purchase pollution control equipment or implement operational changes or improvements. While we believe we are in compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations, we cannot assure that we will not incur substantial costs in the future. 
 Worker Health and Safety . We are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended OSHA ), and comparable state statutes whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act and implementing regulations and similar state statutes and regulations require that we organize and/or disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local governmental authorities and citizens. We believe that we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to worker health and safety. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Our funeral homes and cemeteries are managed by entrepreneurially focused Managing Partners with extensive funeral and cemetery industry experience. They have responsibility for day-to-day operations and follow operating and financial metrics called Standards within our Standards Operating Model. Standards Achievement is the measure by which we judge the Managing Partner's performance and how we incentivize our Managing Partners and their teams. To achieve a high level within our Standards in a business year after year, we require local Managing Partners that have the 4E Leadership skills to entrepreneurially grow the business by hiring, training and developing highly motivated and productive local teams. See Part I, Item 1, Business Strategy for additional details about our Standards Operating Model and 4E Leadership Model. Additionally, we utilize short-term and long-term incentive performance programs to attract and retain talent in critical positions, ranging from sales counselors and sales managers to Houston support center leaders and employees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we and our subsidiaries employed 2,553 employees, of whom 1,174 were full-time and 1,379 were part-time. All of our funeral directors and embalmers possess licenses required by applicable regulatory agencies. None of our employees are represented by unions. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We file annual, quarterly and other reports, and any amendments to those reports, and information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 
 Our website address is www.carriageservices.com . Available on our website under Investors SEC Filings, free of charge, are Carriage s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K, insider reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and officers and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request, are charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance Committee. Copies of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Corporate Governance Guidelines are also posted on our website under Investors Corporate Governance. Within the time period required by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, we will post on our website any modifications to the charters and any waivers applicable to senior officers as defined in the applicable charters, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Information contained on our website is not part of this Form 10-K. 
 11 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Key Employees and Compensation 
 The success of our businesses is typically dependent upon one or a few key employees for success because of the localized and personal nature of our business. 
 Funeral home and cemetery businesses have built local heritage and tradition through successive generations, providing a foundation for ongoing business opportunities from established client family relationships and related referrals. We believe these relationships build trust in the community and are a key driver to market share. Our businesses, which tend to serve small local markets, usually have one or a few key employees that drive our relationships. Our ability to attract and retain Managing Partners, sales force and other personnel is an important factor in achieving future success. We can give no assurance that we can retain these employees or that these relationships will drive market share. Our inability to attract and maintain qualified and productive Managing Partners and sales force employees could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our Good To Great incentive program could result in significant future payments to our Managing Partners. 
 Our Good To Great incentive program rewards our Managing Partners for achieving an average net revenue compounded annual growth rate equal to at least 1 (the Minimum Growth Rate over a five year performance period (the Performance Period with respect to our funeral homes that they operate, which aligns our incentives with long-term value creation. Each Managing Partner that achieves the Minimum Growth Rate during the applicable Performance Period and remains continuously employed as a Managing Partner of the same business throughout the Performance Period will receive a one-time bonus, payable in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, determined at our discretion. We believe this incentive program will result in improved field-level margins, market share and overall financial performance. 
 Our Good To Great II incentive program could result in the issuance of a significant number of shares of common 
 stock to certain critical employees. 
 Our Good To Great II incentive program rewards certain employees who are not Managing Partners in alignment with the incentive programs for our Managing Partners. Specifically, the Good To Great II incentive program is tied to the future performance of the Company and requires the Company s share price to reach one of five predetermined Common Stock Price Averages (as defined by the program) through a performance period ending December 31, 2024 in order for the award to be earned by the participants of the program. While the program aligns our incentives with long-term value creation, there is a potential risk of dilution to our shareholders if we achieve the highest performance tier under the Good To Great II incentive program, which equals a Common Stock Price Average (as defined by the program) of 77.34 per share. At December 31, 2022, under such a scenario, a total of 995,873 shares of common stock would be awarded to participants under the program. We believe this incentive program will result in improved overall financial performance. 
 Strategic Business Execution and Performance 
 Improved performance in our funeral and cemetery segments is dependent upon successful execution of our Standards Operating Model. 
 We have implemented our Standards Operating Model to improve and better measure performance in our funeral and cemetery operations. We developed standards according to criteria, each with a different weighting, designed around market share, high-value services and operational and financial metrics. We also incentivize our Managing Partners by giving them the opportunity to earn a fixed percentage of the field-level earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization based upon the number and weighting of the standards achieved. Our expectation is that, over time, the Standards Operating Model will result in improving field-level margins, market share, customer satisfaction and overall financial performance, but there is no assurance that these goals will be met. Failure to successfully implement our Standards Operating Model in our funeral and cemetery operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 12 

Our ability to execute our growth strategy is highly dependent upon our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates and negotiate transactions on favorable terms. 
 There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify acquisition candidates that meet our criteria or that we will be able to reach terms with identified candidates for transactions that are acceptable to us, and even if we do, we may not be able to successfully complete the transaction or integrate the new business into our existing business. We intend to apply standards established under our Strategic Acquisition Model to evaluate acquisition candidates, and there is no assurance that we will continue to be successful in doing so or that we will find attractive candidates that satisfy these standards. Due in part to the presence of competitors who have been in certain markets longer than we have, such acquisitions or investments may be more difficult or expensive than we anticipate. 
 Divestitures could negatively impact our business and retained liabilities from businesses that we sell could adversely affect our financial results. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we periodically review our businesses which may no longer be aligned with our strategic business plan and long-term objectives and, as a result of these reviews of our businesses, we may pursue additional divestitures. From time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties about potential divestitures of one or more of our businesses that, if fully consummated, could result in the divestiture of a material amount of assets and contribution to our results of operations that have historically contributed to our results of operations. Divestitures pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, including disputes with buyers or potential impairment charges. For example, when we decide to sell a business, we may be unable to do so on our terms and within our anticipated time-frame, and even after reaching a definitive agreement to sell a business, the sale may be subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions, which may not be satisfied, as well as regulatory and governmental approvals, which may prevent us from completing a transaction on acceptable terms. If we do not realize the expected benefits of any divestiture transaction, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 Competitive Marketplace 
 The funeral and cemetery industry is competitive. 
 The funeral and cemetery industry is characterized by a large number of locally-owned, independent operations in the United States and a large number of operations owned by publicly and privately-held funeral home and cemetery consolidators. To compete successfully, our funeral service locations and cemeteries must maintain good reputations and high professional standards, as well as offer attractive products and services at competitive prices. In addition, we must market ourselves in such a manner as to distinguish us from our competitors. We have historically experienced price competition from independent and publicly held funeral service and cemetery operators, monument dealers, casket retailers, low-cost providers, and other nontraditional providers of merchandise and services. If we are unable to successfully compete, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 Marketing and sales activities by existing and new competitors could cause us to lose market share and lead to lower revenue and margins. 
 We face competition in all of our markets. Most of our competitors are independently owned, and some are relatively recent market entrants. Some of the recent entrants are individuals who were formerly employed by us or by our competitors and have relationships and name recognition within our markets. As a group, independent competitors tend to be aggressive in distinguishing themselves by their independent ownership, and they promote their independence through television, radio and print advertising, direct mailings and personal contact. Increasing pressures from new market entrants and continued advertising and marketing by competitors in local markets could cause us to lose market share and revenue. The types of services and the prices offered for such services by our competitors may attract customers, causing us to lose market share and revenue as well as to incur costs in response to competition to vary the types or mix of products or services offered by us. 
 Price competition could also reduce our market share or cause us to reduce prices to retain or recapture market share, either of which could reduce revenue and margins. 
 We have historically experienced price competition primarily from independent funeral home and cemetery operators, and from monument dealers, casket retailers, low-cost providers and other non-traditional providers of services or products. New market entrants tend to attempt to build market share by offering lower cost alternatives. In the past, this price competition has resulted in our losing market share in some markets. In other markets, we have had to reduce prices or offer discounts thereby reducing profit margins in order to retain or recapture market share. Increased price competition in the future could further reduce revenue, profits and our preneed backlog. 
 13 

Change in Preneed Sales 
 Our ability to generate preneed sales depends on a number of factors, including sales incentives and local and general economic conditions. 
 Significant declines in preneed sales would reduce our backlog and future revenue and could reduce our future market share. On the other hand, a significant increase in preneed sales can have a negative impact on cash flow as a result of commissions and other costs incurred initially without corresponding revenue. 
 As we have localized our preneed sales strategies, we are continuing to refine the mix of service and product offerings in both our funeral and cemetery segments, including changes in our sales commission and incentive structure. These changes could cause us to experience declines in preneed sales in the near term. In addition, economic conditions at the local or national level could cause declines in preneed sales either as a result of less discretionary income or lower consumer confidence. Declines in preneed cemetery property sales reduces current revenue, and declines in other preneed sales would reduce our backlog and future revenue and could reduce future market share. 
 Increased preneed sales could have a negative impact on our cash flows. 
 Preneed sales of funeral and cemetery products and services generally have an initial negative impact on our cash flows, as we are required in certain states to deposit a portion of the sales proceeds into trusts or escrow accounts and often incur other expenses at the time of sale. Furthermore, many preneed purchases are paid for in installments over a period of several years, further limiting our cash flows at the time of sale. Because preneed sales generally provide positive cash flows over the long term, we market the sale of such contracts at the local level. If our efforts to increase such sales are successful, however, our current cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, in the near term. 
 Trust Fund and Life Insurance Contracts 
 Our funeral and cemetery trust funds own investments in equity securities, fixed income securities, and mutual funds, which are affected by market conditions that are beyond our control. 
 In connection with our backlog of preneed funeral and preneed cemetery merchandise and service contracts, funeral and cemetery trust funds own investments in equity securities, fixed income securities and mutual funds. Our returns on these investments are affected by financial market conditions that are beyond our control. 
 The following table summarizes our investment returns (realized and unrealized), excluding certain fees, on our trust funds for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022: 
 2020 2021 2022 Preneed funeral trust funds 13.5 16.0 1.0 Preneed cemetery trust funds 15.5 19.3 0.7 Perpetual care trust funds 16.8 19.1 (0.2) 
 Generally, earnings or gains and losses on our preneed funeral and cemetery trust investments are recognized, and we withdraw cash, when the underlying service is performed, merchandise is delivered, or upon contract cancellation. Our cemetery perpetual care trusts recognize earnings, and in certain states, capital gains and losses, and we withdraw cash when we incur qualifying cemetery maintenance costs. If the investments in our trust funds experience significant, recurring and sustained declines in subsequent years, there could be insufficient funds in the trusts to cover the costs of delivering services and merchandise or maintaining cemeteries in the future. We may be required to cover any such shortfall with cash flows from operations or other sources of cash, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. For more information related to our trust investments, see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7. 
 If the fair market value of these trusts, plus any other amount due to us upon delivery of the associated contracts, were to decline below the estimated costs to deliver the underlying products and services at maturity, we would record a charge to earnings for the expected losses on the delivery of the associated contracts. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 14 

Earnings from and principal of trust funds could be reduced by changes in financial markets and the mix of securities owned. 
 Earnings and investment gains and losses on trust funds are affected by financial market conditions and the specific fixed-income and equity securities that we choose to maintain in the funds. We may not choose the optimal mix for any particular market condition. Declines in earnings from perpetual care trust funds would cause a decline in current revenue, while declines in earnings from other trust funds could cause a decline in future cash flows and revenue. 
 We may be required to replenish our funeral and cemetery trust funds in order to meet minimum funding requirements, which would have a negative effect on our earnings and cash flow. 
 Some states have laws that either require replenishment of investment losses under certain circumstances or impose various restrictions on withdrawals of future earnings when trust fund values drop below certain prescribed amounts. In the event of realized losses or market declines, we may be required to deposit portions or all of these amounts into the respective trusts in some future period. 
 Increasing death benefits related to preneed funeral contracts funded through life insurance contracts may not cover future increases in the cost of providing a price-guaranteed funeral service. 
 We sell price-guaranteed preneed funeral contracts through various programs providing for future funeral services at prices prevailing when the agreements are signed. For preneed funeral contracts funded through life insurance contracts, we receive in cash a general agency commission from the third-party insurance company. Additionally, there is an increasing death benefit associated with the contract that may vary over the contract life. There is no guarantee that the increasing death benefit will cover future increases in the cost of providing a price-guaranteed funeral service, and any such excess cost could be materially adverse to our future cash flows, revenue, and operating margins. 
 The financial condition of third-party insurance companies that fund our preneed funeral contracts may impact our future revenue. 
 Where permitted by state law, our customers may arrange their preneed funeral contract by purchasing a life insurance policy from third-party insurance companies. The customer/policy holder assigns the policy benefits to our funeral home to pay for the preneed funeral contract at the time of need. If the financial condition of the third-party insurance companies were to deteriorate materially because of market conditions or otherwise, there could be an adverse effect on our ability to collect all or part of the proceeds of the life insurance policy, including the annual increase in the death benefit, when we fulfill the preneed contract at the time of need. Failure to collect such proceeds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Tax Changes 
 Changes in taxation, or the interpretations of tax laws or regulations, as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 We make judgments regarding the utilization of existing income tax credits and the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations, and audits by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to our taxes. Uncertain tax positions may arise where tax laws or regulations may allow for alternative interpretations, where the timing of recognition of income is subject to judgement, or where the IRS or other taxing authorities issue subsequent guidance or take positions on audits that differ from our interpretations and assumptions. Our tax obligations include, for example, income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes and the judgments we make include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding our tax positions. Although we believe we have accurately estimated our tax obligations, uncertainty of interpretation by various tax authorities and the possibility that there are issues that have not been recognized by management could each result in additional tax obligations. For example, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. We believe that our tax obligations reflect the anticipated outcome of known uncertain tax positions in conformity with ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes. In addition, our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in states with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and regulations, or changes in our interpretations of tax laws. Changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results, or adverse tax rulings on positions taken could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 15 

New or revised tax laws or regulations could have a material effect on our financial statements 
 New tax laws or regulations could be enacted at any time, and existing tax laws or regulations could be interpreted, amended, or applied in a manner that has a material effect on us, which could materially impact our business and financial condition. 
 For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law which includes a tax and spending package that introduced several tax-related provisions, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on corporations that have an average of 1 billion adjusted financial statement income over a consecutive three-year period and a 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases. The impact of these provisions will become effective for our Company beginning on January 1, 2023. We have reviewed and assessed the provisions of the IRA, and we do not currently believe that the IRA will have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA, along with any other new or revised tax laws or regulations, as such information becomes available. 
 Litigation and Claims 
 Unfavorable results of litigation could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. 
 We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of our business. Adverse outcomes in potential litigation related to our business may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us, as litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties. Any such adverse outcomes that may arise in the future, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE FUNERAL AND CEMETERY INDUSTRY 
 Changes in Death Rates and Consumer Preferences 
 Declines in the number of deaths in our markets can cause a decrease in revenue. Changes in the number of deaths are not predictable from market to market or over the short term. 
 Declines in the number of deaths could cause atneed sales of funeral and cemetery services, property and merchandise to decline, which could decrease revenue. Although the United States Bureau of the Census estimates that the number of deaths in the United States will increase in the future, longer life spans could reduce the rate of deaths. In addition, changes in the number of deaths can vary among local markets and from quarter to quarter, and variations in the number of deaths in our markets or from quarter to quarter are not predictable. For example, we have seen the recent COVID-19 pandemic affect the death rate, with a result of increased deaths during the duration of the pandemic. Although deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 have now largely decreased to have minimal impact on the overall death rate, the overall death rate remains higher than the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period. As a result, we are unable to predict or forecast the duration or variation of this increased death rate with any certainty, including the potential impact of epidemics and pandemics on the death rate, including COVID-19 and any new variant or sub-variant. Any future variations of the death rate may cause our revenue to fluctuate and our results of operations to lack predictability. 
 The increasing number of cremations in the United States could cause revenue to decline because we could lose market share to firms specializing in cremations and because our average revenue for cremations is lower than that for traditional burials. 
 Our traditional cemetery and funeral service operations face competition from the increasing number of cremations in the United States. Industry studies indicate that the percentage of cremations has increased every year and this trend is expected to continue into the future. The trend toward cremation could cause cemeteries and traditional funeral homes to lose market share and revenue to firms specializing in cremations. Additionally, our average revenue for cremations is lower than that for traditional burials. If we are unable to continue to expand our cremation memorialization products and services, and cremations remain or increase as a significant percentage of our services, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 If we are not able to respond effectively to changing consumer preferences, our market share, revenue and profitability could decrease. 
 Future market share, revenue and profits will depend in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing consumer preferences. In past years, we have implemented new product and service strategies based on results of customer surveys that we conduct on a continuous basis. However, we may not correctly anticipate or identify trends in consumer 
 16 

preferences, or we may identify them later than our competitors. In addition, any strategies we may implement to address these trends may prove incorrect or ineffective. 
 Because the funeral and cemetery businesses are high fixed-cost businesses, changes in revenue can have a disproportionately large effect on cash flow and profits. 
 Funeral home and cemetery businesses incur the costs of operating and maintaining facilities, land and equipment regardless of the level of sales in any given period. For example, we must pay salaries, utilities, property taxes and maintenance costs on funeral homes and maintain the grounds of cemeteries regardless of the number of funeral services or interments performed. Because we cannot decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when we experience declines in sales, those declines can cause margins, profits and cash flow to decrease at a greater rate than the decline in revenue. 
 Regulatory Changes 
 Changes or increases in, or failure to comply with, regulations applicable to our business could increase costs or decrease cash flows. 
 The funeral and cemetery industry is subject to extensive and evolving regulation and licensing requirements under federal, state and local laws. For example, the funeral industry is regulated by the FTC, which requires funeral homes to take actions designed to protect consumers. State laws impose licensing requirements and regulate preneed sales. As such, we are subject to state trust fund and preneed sales practice audits, which could result in audit adjustments as a result of non-compliance. In addition, we may assume the liability for any audit adjustments for our acquired businesses for periods under audit that were prior to our ownership of the business depending upon the obligations outlined in the agreement. These audit adjustments could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Embalming and cremation facilities are subject to stringent environmental and health regulations. Compliance with these regulations is burdensome, and we are always at risk of not complying with the regulations or facing costly and burdensome investigations from regulatory authorities. 
 In addition, from time to time, governments and agencies propose to amend or add regulations, which could increase costs or decrease cash flows. Several states and regulatory agencies have considered or are considering regulations that could require more liberal refund and cancellation policies for preneed sales of products and services, limit or eliminate our ability to use surety bonding, increase trust requirements and/or prohibit the common ownership of funeral homes and cemeteries in the same market. If adopted by the regulatory authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate, these and other possible proposals could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition, our results of operations and our future prospects. For additional information regarding the regulation of the funeral and cemetery industry, see Part I, Item 1, Business, Regulation. 
 We are subject to environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our cemetery and funeral home operations are subject to certain federal, regional, state and local laws and regulations governing worker health and safety aspects of the operations, the release or disposal of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations may restrict or impact our business in many ways, including requiring the acquisition of a permit before conducting regulated activities, restricting the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment, applying specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection, and imposing substantial liabilities for any pollution resulting from our operations. We may be required to make significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations and any failure to comply may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations, delays in permitting or performance of projects and the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting our activities. Failure to appropriately transport and dispose of generated wastes, used chemicals or other regulated substances, or any spills or other unauthorized releases of regulated substances in the course of our operations could expose us to material losses, expenditures and liabilities under applicable environmental laws and regulations, and result in neighboring landowners and other third parties filing claims for personal injury, property damage and natural resource damage allegedly caused by such non-compliant activities or spills or releases. Certain of these laws may impose strict, joint and several liabilities upon us for the remediation of contaminated property resulting from our or a predecessor owner's or operator's operations. We may not be able to recover some or any of these costs from insurance or contractual indemnifications. Moreover, changes in environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies occur frequently, and any changes that result in more stringent or costly emissions control or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could require us to make significant expenditures to attain and maintain compliance and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, competitive position or financial condition. 
 17 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR CREDIT FACILITY AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 
 Credit Facility and Debt Obligations 
 Covenant restrictions in our debt instruments may limit our flexibility to operate and grow our business, and if we are not able to comply with such covenants, our lenders could accelerate our indebtedness, proceed against certain collateral or exercise other remedies, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The covenants in our Credit Facility and the Indenture governing our Senior Notes contain a number of provisions that impose operating and financial restrictions which, subject to certain exceptions, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees); pay dividends or make distributions or redeem or repurchase our common stock; make investments; grant liens on assets; make capital expenditures; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into sale-leaseback transactions; sell or dispose assets; and acquire the assets of, or merge or consolidate with, other companies. 
 We are required to comply with certain financial covenants in our Credit Facility. Complying with these financial covenants and other restrictive covenants, as well as those that may be contained in any future debt agreements, may limit our ability to finance our future operations or working capital needs or to take advantage of future business opportunities. Our ability to comply with these covenants will depend on our future performance, which may be affected by events beyond our control. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under any future debt instrument, which could lead to an acceleration of the debt under that instrument and, in some cases, the acceleration of debt under other instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, each of which could have a material adverse effect on us. In the case of an event of default, or in the event of a cross-default or cross-acceleration, we may not have sufficient funds available to make the required payments under our debt instruments. If we are unable to repay amounts owed under the terms of our Credit Facility, the lenders thereunder may choose to exercise their remedies in respect of the collateral, including a foreclosure of their lien which results in a sale of certain of our funeral assets to satisfy our obligations under the Credit Facility. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Credit Facility, we must comply with, amongst other things, a maximum Total Leverage Ratio covenant that is measured quarterly. If we are unable to comply with the maximum Total Leverage Ratio, we will be in immediate default under the Credit Facility. For example, although we have not currently experienced any material negative impacts to our liquidity position, access to capital, or cash flows as a result of our operations or from any macroeconomic conditions, any material difference from our projected future operational and financial performance may have a future impact on our business that could result in our inability to comply with this Total Leverage Ratio covenant and other covenants in our Credit Facility. There can be no assurance that the lenders will agree to amend the Credit Facility in the future to adjust or eliminate this covenant or whether the lenders may agree to waive any non-compliance with this financial covenant or any other covenant in the future. 
 Moreover, if we do not maintain compliance with our continuing obligations or any covenants, terms and conditions of the Credit Facility, we could be in default and required to repay outstanding borrowings on an accelerated basis, which could subject us to decreased liquidity and other negative impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. It may be difficult for us to find an alternative lending source under these circumstances. Without access to borrowings under the Credit Facility, our liquidity would be adversely affected and we would lack sufficient working capital to operate our business as presently conducted. Any disruption in access to credit could force us to take measures to conserve cash. 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations. 
 Our indebtedness requires significant interest and principal payments. As of December 31, 2022, we had 594.7 million of total debt (excluding debt issuance costs, debt discounts and lease obligations), consisting of 4.0 million of acquisition debt (consisting of deferred purchase price and promissory notes payable to sellers of businesses we purchased), 400.0 million of our Senior Notes and 190.7 million of outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility, with 57.0 million of availability under our Credit Facility after giving effect to 2.3 million of outstanding letters of credit. 
 Our and our subsidiaries level of indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including: 
 continuing to require us and certain of our subsidiaries to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for operations and any future business opportunities; 
 limiting flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industry in which we operate; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; 
 18 

making us and our subsidiaries more vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as borrowings under our Credit Facility are at variable rates; and 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements and increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings or asset sales. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not generate sufficient funds to service our debt and meet our business needs, such as funding working capital or the expansion of our operations. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we may be forced to take certain actions, including reducing spending on day-to-day operations, reducing future financing for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes, selling assets or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in our industry could be impaired. The lenders who hold our debt could also accelerate amounts due in the event that we default, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt, including the notes. 
 Additionally, our leverage could put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged. These competitors could have greater financial flexibility to pursue strategic acquisitions and secure additional financing for their operations. Our leverage could also impede our ability to withstand downturns in our industry or the economy in general. 
 Despite our current levels of indebtedness, we may still incur additional indebtedness. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our indebtedness. 
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of our Credit Facility and the Indenture governing our Senior Notes will limit, but not prohibit, us from incurring additional indebtedness. Additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also do not prevent us or our subsidiaries from incurring obligations, such as trade payables, that do not constitute indebtedness as defined under our debt agreements. To the extent new debt is added to our current debt levels, the leverage risks associated with our indebtedness would increase. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 Economic Conditions and Natural Disasters 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure or by reducing the amount of discretionary income consumers have available to spend on our services. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, components, manufacturing and shipping, as well as weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have already experienced modest cost increases and surcharges from our vendors and suppliers on merchandise and goods and may continue to experience additional cost increases in the future, which could be of greater magnitude than those experienced to date. In addition, the impacts of inflation are also felt by consumers who face rising prices for a variety of goods and services, which could reduce the amount of discretionary spending that would otherwise be available to our client families and potential client families to spend on our services. Although we may take measures to mitigate the effects of inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions, including those resulting from health and safety concerns, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business and operational results could be adversely affected by general conditions in the U.S. economy, including conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of health and safety concerns from epidemics and pandemics. For example, the initial U.S. and global economic and financial conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn from a pandemic or epidemic, like the COVID-19 pandemic and the related adverse economic and health consequences, could result in a variety of risks to our business, financial condition or results from operations, including weakened demand from our client families, decreased preneed sales, increased preneed installment contract defaults, increased cremation rates, reduced access to capital and credit markets or delays in obtaining client family payments. A weak or declining economy could also strain our supply partners. Additionally, our business relies heavily on our employees, including key employees due to the localized and personal 
 19 

nature of our business, and adverse events such as health-related concerns, the inability to travel and other matters affecting the general work environment could harm our business. In the event of a major disruption caused by the outbreak of pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19 or any new variants, we may lose the services of a number of our key employees or experience system interruptions, which could lead to impacts to our regular business operations, inefficiencies and reputational harm. Due to the uncertainty around the ultimate impacts of any epidemic or pandemic, including COVID-19, to our business and operations, any related impact on our business and operational results cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which future epidemics and pandemics, including the most recent COVID-19 pandemic and any future variants, would affect financial market conditions that could adversely impact our business. 
 Economic, financial and stock market fluctuations could affect future potential earnings and cash flows and could result in future goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived asset impairments. 
 In addition to an annual review, we assess the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be greater than fair value. Factors that could trigger an interim impairment review include, but are not limited to, a significant decline in the market value of our stock or debt values, significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, and significant negative industry or economic trends. If these factors occur, we may have a triggering event, which could result in an impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. 
 Based on the results of our annual goodwill and intangible assets impairment test we performed as of August 31, 2022 and our annual review of long-lived assets and leases at December 31, 2022, we concluded that there were no impairments of our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets and leases. 
 Significant weather events, natural disasters, or catastrophic events could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Over forty percent of the businesses we operate are located in California, Texas and Florida, areas where natural disasters are more prevalent, including, for example, hurricanes, wild fires, flooding, earthquakes, tornadoes and droughts. Significant weather events, natural disasters or catastrophic events in these states or other key areas where our operations are concentrated could disrupt our business through injury to our employees or client families, physical damage, closure or destruction of one or more of our locations, data centers or office facilities, or disrupt the delivery of goods or services by one or more of our vendors, any or all of which could adversely impact our operations or increase our costs, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 Information Technology and Internal Controls 
 We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we receive certain personal information, in both physical and electronic formats, about our customers, their loved ones, our employees, and our vendors. We maintain security measures and data backup systems to protect, store, and prevent unauthorized access to such information, which we are continually assessing and updating, as necessary. For example, following our previously disclosed ransomware attack to our information technology system in January 2021, we have since implemented additional and enhanced security measures to our overall cyber-security posture to mitigate, to the extent possible, future cyberattacks and other similar threats. These measures include, for example, the addition of an advanced security operations center providing proactive threat protection, cloud-based firewall protection across all locations and endpoint protection. While we determined, based on our assessment of the information known to us, that the January 2021 ransomware incident did not have, nor do we expect it will have, a material impact on our business, operations or financial results, if we fail to protect our own information from any future breaches in data security, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation. Moreover, it is possible that computer hackers and others (through increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks or by other means) might circumvent our security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, their loved ones, our employees or our vendors. 
 In addition, we maintain insurance coverage for various cybersecurity risks, which covered substantially all of the costs associated with our January 2021 ransomware attack, but it is possible that such insurance coverage may not fully insure all future costs or losses associated with other cybersecurity incidents. As the sophistication and frequency of attacks increase, our information technology security costs, including cybersecurity insurance, which are significant, may rise. 
 Additionally, legislation relating to cybersecurity threats could impose additional requirements on our operations. Various state governments, notably California, New York, Nevada and Virginia, have enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, and other state governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. These regulations impose certain 
 20 

obligations for securing, and potentially removing, specified personal information in our systems, and for apprising individuals of the information we have collected about them. We have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these data privacy risks and requirements, and our costs may increase significantly as risks become increasingly complex or if new or changing requirements are enacted, and based on how individuals exercise their rights. For example, in November 2020, California voters approved Proposition 24 (Consumer Personal Information Law and Agency Initiative), which went into effect as of January 1, 2023 and has increased the data privacy requirements for our business. Despite our efforts, any noncompliance could result in our incurring substantial penalties and reputational damage. 
 Our ability to manage and maintain our internal reports effectively and integration of new business acquisitions depends significantly on our enterprise resource planning system and other information systems. Some of our information technology systems may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with ongoing systems implementation work. The failure of our systems to operate effectively or to integrate with other systems, or a breach in security or other unauthorized access of these systems, may also result in reduced efficiency of our operations and could require significant capital investments to remediate any such failure, problem or breach and to comply with applicable regulations, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our results of operations, investor confidence, and our stock price. 
 The accuracy of our financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. If we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or implement controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of our financial statements, we could be unable to file accurate financial reports on a timely basis, and our results of operations, investor confidence, and stock price could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 At December 31, 2022, we operated 171 funeral homes in 26 states and 32 cemeteries in 11 states. We own the real estate and buildings for 150 of our funeral homes and lease 21 facilities. We own 31 cemeteries and operate one cemetery under a long-term contract with a municipality, which we refer to as a managed property. We operate 19 funeral homes in combination with cemeteries as these locations are physically located on the same property or in very close proximity and are under the same leadership. 
 The 32 cemeteries that we operate have developed cemetery property of approximately 147,000 and 143,000 units available-for-sale at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition, we own approximately 500 acres that are available for future development or sale. We anticipate having a sufficient inventory of lots to maintain our property sales for the foreseeable future. 
 21 

The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our properties used by the funeral home segment and by the cemetery segment identified by state: 
 Number of Funeral Homes Number of Cemeteries State Owned Leased (1) 
 Owned Managed California 21 5 5 Connecticut 7 2 Florida 11 5 5 Georgia 3 Idaho 4 1 3 Illinois 2 1 Kansas 2 Kentucky 7 1 Louisiana 3 1 1 Massachusetts 7 Michigan 2 Montana 2 1 1 Nevada 2 2 1 New Jersey 1 1 New Mexico 1 New York 10 1 North Carolina 11 1 2 Ohio 5 Oklahoma 5 2 Pennsylvania 2 Rhode Island 4 Tennessee 4 Texas 23 1 8 Virginia 8 1 1 Washington 2 Wisconsin 1 Total 150 21 31 1 
 (1) The leases, with respect to these funeral homes, generally have remaining terms ranging from one to twenty years, and generally, we have the right to renew past the initial terms and have a right of first refusal on any proposed sale of the property where these funeral homes are located. 
 Our support center occupies approximately 48,000 square feet of leased office space in Houston, Texas. At December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 791 vehicles. 
 The following table sets forth the number of funeral homes and cemeteries owned and operated by us for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Funeral homes at beginning of period 186 178 170 Acquisitions 1 6 Divestitures (8) (2) (4) Mergers of funeral homes (1) (6) (1) Funeral homes at end of period 178 170 171 Cemeteries at beginning of period 31 32 31 Acquisitions 1 1 Divestitures (1) Cemeteries at end of period 32 31 32 
 22 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 For more information regarding legal proceedings see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CSV. At February 24, 2023, there were 14,890,623 shares of our common stock outstanding. The shares of common stock outstanding are held by approximately 330 stockholders of record. Each share is entitled to one vote on matters requiring the vote of stockholders. We believe there are approximately 5,200 beneficial owners of our common stock. 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not have any sales of securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the Securities Act that have not been reported in a Form 8-K or Form 10-Q. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 While we intend to pay regular quarterly cash dividends for the foreseeable future, covenant restrictions under our Credit Facility and the Indenture governing our Senior Notes may limit our ability to pay dividends in the future. 
 EQUITY PLANS 
 For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER 
 Subject to market conditions, normal trading restrictions and satisfying certain financial covenants in our Credit Facility, and in the Indenture governing our Senior Notes, we may make purchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions under our Board authorized share repurchase program, in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act. 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to permit us to purchase up to an additional 75.0 million under our share repurchase program, in addition to amounts previously authorized and outstanding in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which totaled up to 265.0 million in share repurchase authorizations. 
 Share repurchase activity is as follows (dollar value of shares repurchased in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 2,906,983 695,496 Average Price Paid Per Share 49.01 49.22 Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 142,469 34,234 
 (1) These amounts may differ from the repurchases of common stock amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows due to unsettled share repurchases at the end of a period. In December 2021, we repurchased 37,408 shares for 2.4 million, the settlement of which occurred in January 2022. 
 
 23 

Our shares were purchased in the open market at times and in amounts as management determined appropriate based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements and other business considerations. Shares purchased pursuant to the repurchase program are currently held as treasury stock. At December 31, 2022, our share repurchase program had 48.9 million authorized for additional repurchases. 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to repurchases of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 48,898,769 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 48,898,769 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 48,898,769 Total for quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 (1) See the first paragraph under the caption Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer for more information on our publicly announced share repurchase program. 
 
 24 

STOCKHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following line graph below compares the yearly change in cumulative total shareholder return over a 5-year period on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Russell 3000 Index (the Russell 3000 ), the Peer Group shown in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of SCI and StoneMor (the 2021 Peer Group ), and our new peer group consisting of SCI, Matthews International Corp. Matthews and Park Lawn (the 2022 Peer Group ). 
 We use a peer group index, as we believe there is no relevant published industry or line-of-business index that reflects the companies against which we compete in our industry. We removed Stonemor from our 2022 Peer Group and selected Matthews and Park Lawn to be added to our 2022 Peer Group as a result of StoneMor being delisted from the NYSE as of November 30, 2022. The returns of each member of the 2021 Peer Group and 2022 Peer Group are weighted according to their respective stock market capitalization as of the beginning of each period measured. 
 The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock, the Russell 3000 Index, the 2021 Peer Group and the 2022 Peer Group was 100 on the last trading day of December 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested. Performance data for Carriage, the Russell 3000 Index, the 2021 Peer Group and the 2022 Peer Group is provided as of the last trading day of each of our last five fiscal years. For the 2021 Peer Group, as a result of StoneMor s delisting on November 30, 2022, the stock performance data as of December 31, 2022 reflects SCI s total cumulative return only. 
 The following graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities or the Exchange Act except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference. The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Carriage, the Russell 3000 Index, the 2021 Peer Group and the 2022 Peer Group 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 OVERVIEW 
 Recent Trends 
 During the initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced an increase in volume that corresponded with the initial increase in COVID-related deaths. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, we began to see deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 largely decrease to have minimal impact on the overall death rate, which accelerated during the third and fourth quarter of 2022. However, the overall death rate remains slightly higher than the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period, though we are unable to predict or forecast the duration or variation of this increased death rate with any certainty. As a result of the normalization of the death rate, during the latter half of 2022, we experienced lower volumes, revenues, earnings and margins when compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, but overall financial performance remains at or above prior reporting periods during and prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although we expect these death rate fluctuation trends to continue, we will continue to assess these impacts, including the potential impacts of new variants of COVID-19, its sub-variants and any other new variants, and implement appropriate procedures, plans, strategy, and issue any disclosures that may be required, as the situation surrounding the pandemic and related regulatory mandates and restrictions, if any, evolves. 
 Historically cremation trends have increased year over year and while that continued to be the case in 2022 and we expect will continue to be the case moving forward, we view this as an opportunity to put greater focus on educating our client families on available cremation memorialization options. 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, we began to experience modest cost increases and surcharges from our vendors and suppliers on merchandise and goods due to broader inflationary, raw material cost increases, and global supply chain impacts. This trend in modest cost increases continued during the fourth quarter of 2022, with the Company experiencing, for example, higher costs related to full-time hourly base rates, utilities, funeral supplies, merchandise costs and insurance. Although we have taken steps to mitigate these cost increases and we expect these impacts to continue throughout the current year, the ultimate scope and duration of these impacts are unknown at this time. More broadly, the U.S. economy continues to experience higher rates of inflation, which has impacted a wide variety of industries and sectors, with consumers facing rising prices. Such inflation may negatively impact consumers or discretionary spending, including the amount that consumers are able to spend on our services, although we have not experienced such impacts to date and our industry has been largely resilient to similar adverse economic and market environments in the past. Although we expect these trends to continue throughout the current year, we will continue to assess these impacts and take the appropriate steps, if necessary, to mitigate these cost increases, if possible. 
 General 
 We operate in two business segments: Funeral Home Operations, which currently accounts for approximately 70 of our revenue, and Cemetery Operations, which currently accounts for approximately 30 of our revenue. Our funeral homes offer a complete range of high value personal services to meet a family s funeral needs, including consultation, the removal and preparation of remains, the sale of caskets and related funeral merchandise, the use of funeral home facilities for visitation and remembrance services and transportation services. Our cemeteries provide interment rights (grave sites and mausoleum spaces) and related merchandise, such as markers and outer burial containers. We provide funeral and cemetery services and products on both an atneed (time of death) and preneed (planned prior to death) basis. 
 At December 31, 2022, we operated 171 funeral homes in 26 states and 32 cemeteries in 11 states within the United States. For additional discussion about our overall business strategy, see Part I, Item 1, Business Business Strategy. 
 Funeral Home Operations 
 Factors affecting our funeral operating results include: demographic trends relating to population growth and average age, which impact death rates and number of deaths; establishing and maintaining leading market share positions supported by strong local heritage and relationships; effectively responding to increasing cremation trends by selling complementary services and merchandise; controlling salary and merchandise costs; and exercising pricing leverage related to our atneed business to increase average revenue per contract. In simple terms, volume and price are the two variables that affect funeral revenue. The average revenue per contract is influenced by the mix of traditional and cremation services because our average cremation service revenue is approximately one-third of the average revenue earned from a traditional burial service. Funeral homes have a relatively fixed cost structure. 
 26 

Cemetery Operations 
 Factors affecting our cemetery operating results include: the size and success of our sales organization; local perceptions and heritage of our cemeteries; our ability to adapt to changes in the economy and consumer confidence; and our response to fluctuations in capital markets and interest rates, which affect investment earnings on trust funds, finance charges on installment contracts and our securities portfolio within the trust funds. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are internally generated cash flows from operating activities and availability under our Credit Facility (defined below). 
 We generate cash in our operations primarily from atneed sales and delivery of preneed sales. We also generate cash from earnings on our cemetery perpetual care trusts. Based on our recent operating results, current cash position and anticipated future cash flows, we do not anticipate any significant liquidity constraints in the foreseeable future. We have the ability to draw on our Credit Facility, subject to its customary terms and conditions. However, if our capital expenditures or acquisition plans change, we may need to access the capital markets or seek further borrowing capacity from our lenders to obtain additional funding and we may not be able to obtain such funding on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us. Further, to the extent operating cash flow or access to and cost of financing sources are materially different than expected, future liquidity may be adversely affected. Please read Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 For 2023, our plan is to remain focused on integrating our recently acquired businesses, along with closing and integrating one pending acquisition, and prioritizing our capital allocation for debt repayments, the payment of dividends and debt obligations and internal growth capital expenditures, which we expect to fund using cash on hand and borrowings under our Credit Facility, along with general corporate purposes and strategic acquisitions, as allowed under our Credit Facility. We believe that our existing and anticipated cash resources, including, as needed, additional borrowings or other financings that we may be able to obtain, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital requirements, capital expenditures, scheduled debt payments, commitments and dividends for the next 12 months, as well as our long-term financial obligations. 
 27 

Cash Flows 
 We began 2022 with 1.1 million in cash and ended the year with 1.2 million in cash. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of 190.7 million outstanding on our Credit Facility compared to 155.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 47.2 million as of December 31, 2020. 
 The following table sets forth the elements of cash flow (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Cash at beginning of year 716 889 1,148 Net cash provided by operating activities 82,915 84,246 61,024 Acquisition of businesses and real estate (28,011) (3,285) (33,876) Proceeds from divestiture and sale of other assets 8,541 7,875 5,027 Proceeds from insurance reimbursements 248 7,758 2,440 Capital expenditures (15,198) (24,883) (26,081) Net cash used in investing activities (34,420) (12,535) (52,490) Net borrowings (payments) on our Credit Facility, acquisition debt and finance lease obligations (38,345) 106,869 34,418 Payment to redeem the 6.625 senior notes due 2026 (400,000) Payment of call premium related to the 6.625 senior notes due 2026 (19,876) Proceeds from the issuance of the 4.25 senior notes due 2029 395,500 Payment of debt issuance costs for the Credit Facility and 4.25 senior notes due 2029 (78) (2,197) (922) Conversions and maturity of the Convertible Notes (4,563) (3,980) Net proceeds from employee equity plans 881 (3) 1,418 Dividends paid on common stock (6,048) (7,264) (6,763) Purchase of treasury stock (140,040) (36,663) Other financing costs (169) (461) Net cash used in financing activities (48,322) (71,452) (8,512) Cash at end of year 889 1,148 1,170 
 Operating Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 61.0 million compared to 84.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 82.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The decrease of 23.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to the unfavorable working capital changes in accrued liabilities, which were partially offset by favorable changes in income tax receivables. The increase of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 was primarily due to unfavorable working capital changes in income tax receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 52.5 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 12.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 34.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Acquisition and Divestiture Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired a business consisting of two funeral homes in Kissimmee, Florida for 6.3 million in cash and a business consisting of three funeral homes, one cemetery and one cremation focused business in the Charlotte, North Carolina area for 25.0 million in cash. In addition, we sold four funeral homes for 1.5 million, sold real property for 3.3 million and purchased real property for 2.6 million. We also received proceeds of 2.4 million from our property insurance policy for the reimbursement of renovation costs for our funeral and cemetery businesses that were damaged by Hurricane Ida. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold two funeral homes and one cemetery for 2.5 million, sold real property for 5.2 million and purchased real property for 3.3 million. We also received proceeds of 7.8 million from our 
 28 

property insurance policy for the reimbursement of renovation costs for our funeral and cemetery businesses that were damaged by Hurricane Ida. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we acquired one funeral home and cemetery combination business in Lafayette, California for 33.0 million in cash, of which 5.0 million was deposited in escrow in 2019 and 28.0 million was paid at closing in 2020. In addition, we sold eight funeral homes for 8.4 million and we sold real property for 0.1 million. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our capital expenditures (comprising of growth and maintenance spend) totaled 26.1 million compared to 24.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The following tables present our growth and maintenance capital expenditures (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Growth Cemetery development 4,705 5,845 7,679 Renovations at certain businesses (1) 
 953 4,541 5,048 Crematory projects 46 495 788 Other 732 687 782 Total Growth 6,436 11,568 14,297 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, we spent 2.4 million for renovations on two businesses that were affected by Hurricane Ida, all of which was reimbursed by our property insurance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we spent 1.6 million for renovations on four businesses that were affected by Hurricane Ida, all of which was reimbursed by our property insurance. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Maintenance General equipment and furniture 3,536 7,027 4,834 Facility repairs and improvements 2,053 2,543 3,207 Vehicles 1,493 2,329 2,062 Paving roads and parking lots 731 1,186 1,157 Information technology infrastructure improvements 949 230 524 Total Maintenance 8,762 13,315 11,784 
 Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net cash outflow of 71.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a net cash outflow of 48.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net borrowings on our Credit Facility, acquisition debt and finance leases of 34.4 million, offset by the following payments: i) 36.7 million for the purchase of treasury stock; ii) 6.8 million in dividends; and iii) 0.9 million for debt issuance and transactions costs related to our Credit Facility. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net borrowings on our Credit Facility, acquisition debt and finance leases of 106.9 million, offset by the following payments: i) 19.9 million for the call premium to redeem our 6.625 senior notes due 2026; ii) 140.0 million for the purchase of treasury stock; iii) 2.2 million for debt issuance and transactions costs related to our 4.25 senior notes due 2029 and Credit Facility; iv) 4.0 million for the conversions and maturity of our 2.75 convertible subordinated notes; and v) 7.3 million in dividends. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had net payments on our Credit Facility, acquisition debt and finance leases of 38.3 million. In addition, we paid 6.0 million in dividends and 4.6 million for the repurchase of a portion of our 2.75 convertible subordinated notes. 
 29 

Dividends 
 Our Board declared the following dividends payable on the dates below (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 2022 Per Share Dollar Value March 1st 0.1125 1,725 June 1st 0.1125 1,730 September 1st 0.1125 1,653 December 1st 0.1125 1,655 2021 Per Share Dollar Value March 1st 0.1000 1,799 June 1st 0.1000 1,808 September 1st 0.1000 1,783 December 1st 0.1125 1,873 2020 Per Share Dollar Value March 1st 0.0750 1,339 June 1st 0.0750 1,343 September 1st 0.0875 1,569 December 1st 0.1000 1,797 
 Share Repurchases 
 Subject to market conditions, normal trading restrictions and satisfying certain financial covenants in our Credit Facility, and in the Indenture governing our Senior Notes, we may make purchases in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions under our Board authorized share repurchase program, in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to permit us to purchase up to an additional 75.0 million under our share repurchase program, in addition to amounts previously authorized and outstanding in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, which totaled up to 265.0 million in share repurchase authorizations. 
 Share repurchase activity is as follows (dollar value of shares repurchased in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 2,906,983 695,496 Average Price Paid Per Share 49.01 49.22 Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 142,469 34,234 
 (1) These amounts may differ from the repurchases of common stock amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows due to unsettled share repurchases at the end of a period. In December 2021, we repurchased 37,408 shares for 2.4 million, the settlement of which occurred in January 2022. 
 
 Our shares were purchased in the open market at times and in amounts as management determined appropriate based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements and other business considerations. Shares purchased pursuant to the repurchase program are currently held as treasury stock. At December 31, 2022, our share repurchase program had 48.9 million authorized for additional repurchases. 
 Credit Facility, Lease Obligations and Acquisition Debt 
 The outstanding principal of our long-term debt and lease obligations is as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Credit Facility 155,400 190,700 Finance leases 5,532 5,157 Operating leases 20,433 19,518 Acquisition debt 4,500 3,993 Total 185,865 219,368 
 
 30 

Credit Facility 
 At December 31, 2022, our senior secured revolving credit facility (as previously amended, including the Second Credit Facility Amendment and Third Credit Facility Amendment, the Credit Facility was comprised of: (i) a 250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, including a 15.0 million subfacility for letters of credit and a 10.0 million swingline, and (ii) an accordion or incremental option allowing for future increases in the facility size by an additional amount of up to 75.0 million in the aggregate in the form of increased revolving commitments or incremental term loans. 
 On May 27, 2022, we entered into a second amendment and commitment increase (the Second Credit Facility Amendment to our Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Second Credit Facility Amendment provided, among other things, for (i) an increase to the Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the Credit Facility) from 200.0 million to 250.0 million in the aggregate; (ii) modifications to the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Fee Rate to change the applicable rates and pricing levels set forth in each pricing grid; (iii) the establishment of the BSBY as a benchmark rate and the removal of LIBOR; (iv) an increase in the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) to 5.25 to 1.00; and (v) modifications to the restricted payments covenant to allow us to make additional stock repurchases, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein. We incurred 0.3 million in transactions costs related to the Second Credit Facility Amendment, which were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt using the straight-line method. 
 On December 9, 2022, we entered into a third amendment (the Third Credit Facility Amendment ), to our Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third Credit Facility Amendment provides, among other things, for (i) modifications to the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Fee Rate to change the applicable rates and pricing levels set forth in each pricing grid; (ii) an increase in the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) covenant as follows: a Total Leverage Ratio not to exceed (a) 6.00 to 1.00 from the effective date of the Third Credit Facility Amendment through the quarter ended June 30, 2023, (b) 5.75 to 1.00 for the quarters ended September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2023, (c) 5.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, (d) 5.25 to 1.00 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and (e) 5.00 and 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 and each quarter ended thereafter; (iii) modifications to the permitted investments covenant, relating to the Company s ability to make certain acquisitions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein; (iv) modifications to the restricted payments covenant related to the Company s ability to make stock repurchases, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein; and (v) a modification to the Total Leverage Ratio level which constitutes a Real Property Collateral Trigger Event (as defined in the Credit Facility). The final maturity of the Credit Facility will occur on May 13, 2026. 
 Prior to the execution of the Third Credit Facility Amendment, we recognized a loss on the write-off of 0.2 million in unamortized debt issuance costs, which was recorded in Loss on extinguishment of debt . We also incurred 0.6 million in transactions costs related to the execution of the Third Credit Facility Amendment, which were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt using the straight-line method. 
 Our obligations under the Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the same subsidiaries which guarantee the Senior Notes (as defined below) and certain of our subsequently acquired or organized domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants with respect to the use of proceeds, payment of taxes and other obligations, continuation of the Company s business and the maintenance of existing rights and privileges, the maintenance of property and insurance, amongst others. 
 In addition, the Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict (subject to certain exceptions) the ability of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, engage in mergers and acquisitions, and pay dividends and other restricted payments, and certain financial maintenance covenants. At December 31, 2022, we were subject to the following financial covenants under our Credit Facility: (A) a Total Leverage Ratio not to exceed 6.00 to 1.00 and (B) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) of not less than 1.20 to 1.00 as of the end of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. These financial maintenance covenants are calculated for the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in our Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of 190.7 million. We also had one letter of credit for 2.3 million under the Credit Facility. The letter of credit will expire on November 27, 2023 and is expected to automatically renew annually and secures our obligations under our various self-insured policies. At December 31, 2022, we had 57.0 million of availability under the Credit Facility. 
 Outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at a prime rate or a BSBY rate, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, the prime rate margin was equivalent to 2.375 and the BSBY rate margin 
 31 

was 3.375 . The weighted average interest rate on our Credit Facility was 3.8 and 4.0 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 We have no material assets or operations independent of the Subsidiary Guarantors, as all of our assets and operations are held and conducted by the Subsidiary Guarantors. Additionally, we do not currently have any significant restrictions on our ability to receive dividends or loans from any Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 The interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our Credit Facility are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Credit Facility interest expense 3,738 1,820 7,105 Credit Facility amortization of debt issuance costs 482 380 412 
 The interest payments on our remaining borrowings under the Credit Facility will be determined based on the average outstanding balance of our borrowings and the prevailing interest rate during that time. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our debt and interest payments. 
 Lease Obligations 
 Our lease obligations consist of operating and finance leases. We lease certain office facilities, certain funeral homes and equipment under operating leases with original terms ranging from one to twenty years. Many leases include one or more options to renew, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to forty years. We lease certain funeral homes under finance leases with original terms ranging from ten to forty years. 
 The lease cost related to our operating leases and short-term leases and depreciation expense and interest expense related to our finance leases are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Operating lease cost 3,795 3,762 3,375 Short-term lease cost 185 193 329 Variable lease cost 39 160 324 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of leased assets 439 438 438 Interest on lease liabilities 496 471 442 
 At December 31, 2022, non-cancelable operating and finance lease obligations were 36.4 million, with 4.7 million payable within 12 months. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our lease payments. 
 Acquisition Debt 
 Acquisition debt consists of deferred purchase price and promissory notes payable to sellers. A majority of the deferred purchase price and notes bear no interest and are discounted at imputed interest rates ranging from 7.3 to 10.0 . Original maturities typically range from five to twenty years. 
 The imputed interest expense related to our acquisition debt is as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Acquisition debt imputed interest expense 489 364 311 
 At December 31, 2022, acquisition debt obligations were 5.7 million, with 0.8 million payable within 12 months. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our debt payments. 
 Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2021 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we converted 2.4 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2.75 convertible subordinated notes due 2021 (the Convertible Notes held by certain holders for 3.8 million in cash and recorded 1.4 million for the reacquisition of the equity component. The Convertible Notes matured on March 15, 2021, at which time all Convertible Notes outstanding, 0.2 million in aggregate principal amount, were paid in full in cash at par value. Therefore, no Convertible Notes remain outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 32 

The interest expense and accretion of debt discount and debt issuance costs related to our Convertible Notes are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Convertible Notes interest expense 149 18 Convertible Notes accretion of debt discount 216 20 Convertible Notes amortization of debt issuance costs 20 1 
 The effective interest rate on the unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.1 . 
 Senior Notes 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25 Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes and related guarantees by the Subsidiary Guarantors, which were issued in a private offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
 The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of May 13, 2021 (the Indenture ), among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee Collateral Trustee ). The Senior Notes are unsecured, senior obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, jointly and severally by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2029, unless earlier redeemed or purchased and bear interest at 4.25 per year, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2021. 
 We may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption price of 102.13 on or after May 15, 2024, 101.06 on or after May 15, 2025 and 100 on or after May 15, 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time before May 15, 2024, we may also redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at the redemption prices described in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption. In addition, before May 15, 2024, we may redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes outstanding using an amount of cash equal to the net proceeds of certain equity offerings, at a price of 104.25 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption; provided that (1) at least 50 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes (including any additional Senior Notes) outstanding under the Indenture remain outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (unless all Senior Notes are redeemed concurrently), and (2) each such redemption must occur within 180 days of the date of the consummation of any such equity offering. 
 If a change of control occurs, holders of the Senior Notes will have the option to require us to purchase for cash all or a portion of their Senior Notes at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if we make certain asset sales and do not reinvest the proceeds thereof or use such proceeds to repay certain debt, we will be required to use the proceeds of such asset sales to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants limiting our ability and our Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, create liens on certain assets to secure debt, pay dividends or make other equity distributions, purchase or redeem capital stock, make certain investments, sell assets, agree to certain restrictions on the ability of Restricted Subsidiaries to make payments to us, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets, or engage in transactions with affiliates. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. 
 The debt discount and the debt issuance costs are being amortized using the effective interest method over the remaining term of 77 months of the Senior Notes. The effective interest rate on the unamortized debt discount and the unamortized debt issuance costs for the Senior Notes for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was 4.42 and 4.30 , respectively. 
 The fair value of the Senior Notes, which are Level 2 measurements, was 322.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 33 

The interest expense and amortization of debt discount, debt premium and debt issuance costs related to our Senior Notes are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Senior Notes interest expense 26,500 21,767 16,980 Senior Notes amortization of debt discount 528 504 493 Senior Notes amortization of debt premium 221 85 Senior Notes amortization of debt issuance costs 280 195 140 
 We have future interest payments on our outstanding balance of 108.3 million, with 17.0 million payable within 12 months. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our debt and interest payments. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, our off-balance sheet arrangements were as follows: 
 Non-compete agreements - We have various non-compete agreements with former owners and employees of businesses we have acquired. These agreements are generally for one to ten years and provide for periodic payments over the term of the agreements. We have future payments on our non-compete agreements of 8.0 million, with 2.5 million payable within 12 months. 
 Consulting agreements - We have various consulting agreements with former owners of businesses we have acquired. Payments for such agreements are generally not made in advance. These agreements are generally for one to five years and provide for bi-weekly or monthly payments. We have future payments on our consulting agreements of 2.2 million, with 0.9 million payable within 12 months. 
 Employment agreements - We have employment agreements with our executive officers. These agreements are generally for three to six years and provide for participation in various incentive compensation arrangements. These agreements generally renew automatically on an annual basis after their initial term has expired, with the exception of our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, which does not renew after the current term expiring in February 2028. We have future payments on our employment agreements of 15.1 million, with 4.8 million payable within 12 months. 
 Letter of credit - We have one letter of credit for 2.3 million under the Credit Facility, which secures our obligations under our various self-insurance policies in the event we are unable to meet the self-insurance portion of our claim payment obligations. As we already have reserves recorded for our self-insurance claims costs, these do not represent additional liabilities. The letter of credit will expire on November 27, 2023 and is expected to automatically renew annually. 
 The obligations related to our off-balance sheet arrangements are significant to our future liquidity; however, although we can provide no assurances, we anticipate that these obligations will be funded from cash provided from our operating activities. If we are not able to meet these obligations with cash provided by our operating activities, we may be required to access the capital markets or draw down on our Credit Facility, both of which may be more difficult to access. See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes 12 and 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail of our letter of credit and off-balance sheet agreements, respectively. 
 34 

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 Below are our financial highlights (in thousands except for volumes and averages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Revenue 329,448 375,886 370,174 Funeral contracts 47,190 49,249 47,498 Average revenue per funeral contract 5,145 5,360 5,493 Preneed interment rights (property) sold 9,503 11,408 10,878 Average price per interment right sold 4,033 4,718 4,576 Gross profit 105,923 129,516 119,226 Net income 16,090 33,159 41,381 
 Revenue in 2022 decreased 5.7 million compared to 2021, as we experienced a 3.6 decrease in funeral contract volume, a 4.6 decrease in the number of preneed interment rights (property) sold and a 3.0 decrease in the average price per interment right sold, which were slightly offset by a 2.5 increase in average revenue per funeral contract. The decrease in funeral contract volume and the number of interment rights sold correspond to the decline in COVID-19 related cases in 2022 compared to 2021, as deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 have now largely decreased to have minimal impact on the overall death rate. 
 Revenue in 2021 increased 46.4 million compared to 2020, as we experienced a 20.0 increase in the number of preneed interment rights (property) sold, as well as a 17.0 increase in the average price per interment right sold, primarily due to (1) our sales personnel being less impacted by social distancing restrictions that were in place in 2020 due to COVID-19; (2) the full integration of the cemetery acquisitions made in the fourth quarter of 2019 and first quarter of 2020; and (3) the execution of our innovative cemetery sales strategy of building high performance sales teams and standardized sales systems across our portfolio of cemeteries. 
 We also experienced a 4.4 increase in total funeral contracts and a 4.2 increase in the average revenue per funeral contract for 2021 compared to 2020. We believe the increase in volume during 2021 is due not only to COVID-19 deaths, but is also the result of our ability to adapt to the continued changing consumer environment with new and innovative ways to serve families. We believe the increase in the average revenue per contract is a further reflection of our ability to creatively serve our families, as the number of contracts for which we provided services in 2021 began to return to pre-COVID-19 levels. Further discussion of Revenue for our funeral home and cemetery segments is presented under Results of Operations. 
 Gross profit in 2022 decreased 10.3 million compared to 2021, due to the decrease in revenue, as well as increases in operating expenses, in both our funeral and cemetery segments. These increases are partially due to higher costs from inflationary impacts concentrated in our full-time hourly base rates, utilities, funeral supplies, and merchandise costs. 
 Gross profit in 2021 increased 23.6 million compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in revenue from both our funeral home and cemetery segments, as well as decreases in funeral home and cemetery operating expenses as a percent of operating revenue primarily in salaries and benefits expense as we increased revenue without adding extra personnel. Further discussion of the components of Gross profit for our funeral home and cemetery segments, is presented under Results of Operations. 
 Net income in 2022 increased 8.2 million compared to 2021, primarily due to the following: (1) a 23.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt in 2021; (2) a 3.5 million gain on insurance reimbursements in 2022; offset by (3) the decrease in gross profit of 10.3 million; (4) a 4.7 million increase in tax expense; (5) a 2.3 million increase in general and administrative expenses; and (6) a 1.4 million decrease in net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairments charges. 
 Net income in 2021 increased 17.1 million compared to 2020, primarily due to the following: (1) the increase in gross profit of 23.6 million; (2) a 20.8 million decrease in net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairments charges, and (3) a 7.1 million decrease in interest expense; offset by (4) a 23.8 million loss on extinguishment of debt; (5) an 8.1 million increase in general and administrative expenses, and (6) a 2.6 million increase in tax expense. 
 Further discussion of General, administrative and other expenses, Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges, Interest expense, Income taxes and other components of income and expenses are presented under Other Financial Statement Items. 
 35 

REPORTING AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We also present our financial performance in our Condensed Operating and Financial Trend Report Trend Report as reported in our earnings release for the year ending December 31, 2022, dated February 23, 2022, and discussed in the corresponding earnings conference call. This Trend Report is used as a supplemental financial statement by management and investors to compare our current financial performance with our previous results and with the performance of other companies. We do not intend for this information to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for other measures of performance prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The Trend Report is a non-GAAP statement that also provides insight into underlying trends in our business. 
 Below is a reconciliation of Net income, a GAAP measure to Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Net income 16,090 33,159 41,381 Special items (1) 
 Acquisition expenses (11) Severance and separation costs (2) 
 563 1,575 1,431 Performance awards cancellation and exchange 288 Accretion of discount on Convertible Notes (1) 
 216 20 Loss on extinguishment of debt (3) 
 23,807 190 Net (gain) loss on divestitures 6,864 (856) (543) Impairment of goodwill, intangibles and PPE 14,952 500 2,358 Litigation reserve (4) 
 270 1,050 200 Net gain on insurance reimbursements (5) 
 (3,471) Disaster recovery and pandemic costs (6) 
 1,627 2,157 168 Other special items (7) 
 410 2,354 Change in uncertain tax reserves and other (1) 
 (533) Tax adjustment related to certain discrete items (1) 
 400 Sum of special items 25,579 30,607 (200) Tax effect on special items (1) 
 7,986 8,503 95 Adjusted net income (8) 
 33,683 55,263 41,086 
 (1) Special items are defined as charges or credits included in our GAAP financial statements that can vary from period to period and are not reflective of costs incurred in the ordinary course of our operations. Special items are taxed at the operating tax rate for the period except for the Accretion of the discount on Convertible Notes, the Change in uncertain tax reserves and other and the Tax adjustment related to certain discrete items, as these items are not tax effected. 
 (2) Costs related to the departure of certain key members of leadership. (3) Loss on the redemption of our 6.625 senior notes due 2026 in 2021 and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Credit Facility in 2022. (4) Costs related to litigation matters. (5) Net gain recognized on insurance reimbursements for property damage caused by Hurricane Ida that occurred during the third quarter of 2021. (6) Relates to health and safety expenses, including personal protective equipment PPE due to COVID-19. We purchased more PPE during 2020 and 2021 compared to 2022. 
 (7) Relates to the write-off of certain fixed assets and interest paid on our 6.625 senior notes due 2026 for the two-week period during which our Senior Notes were issued prior to the redemption of our 6.625 senior notes due 2026. (8) Adjusted net income is defined as Net income plus adjustments for Special items and other expenses or gains that we believe do not directly reflect our core operations and may not be indicative of our normal business operations. 
 36 

Below is a reconciliation of Gross profit (a GAAP financial measure) to Operating profit (a non-GAAP financial measure) (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Gross profit 105,923 129,516 119,226 Cemetery property amortization 4,956 6,670 5,859 Field depreciation expense 13,006 12,609 13,316 Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs 18,057 25,846 22,960 Operating profit (1) 
 141,942 174,641 161,361 
 (1) Operating profit is defined as Gross profit plus Cemetery property amortization, Field depreciation expense and Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs. 
 Our operations are reported in two business segments: Funeral Home and Cemetery. Below is a breakdown of Operating profit (a non-GAAP financial measure) by Segment (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Funeral Home 104,998 119,007 111,471 Cemetery 36,944 55,634 49,890 Operating profit 141,942 174,641 161,361 Operating profit margin (1) 
 43.1 46.5 43.6 
 (1) Operating profit margin is defined as Operating profit as a percentage of Revenue. 
 Further discussion of Operating profit for our funeral home and cemetery segments is presented under Results of Operations. 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 Results of Operations 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We previously classified our funeral homes and cemeteries as same store or acquired in our results of operations discussion in our quarterly and annual filings prior to December 31, 2022. Same store generally referred to funeral homes and cemeteries acquired at least five years before the reporting period being presented, while acquired generally referred to funeral homes and cemeteries acquired within the preceding five years of the reporting period being presented, both of which excluded certain funeral homes and cemeteries that we intended to divest. 
 In an effort to simplify the discussion of our results of operations, provide meaningful metrics to investors to compare our results to previous periods and provide more insight into the underlying long-term performance trends in our business, we have combined both the same store and acquired categories and now refer to this combination as operating . The term operating in the Funeral Home and Cemetery Segment simply refers to all our funeral homes and cemeteries owned and operated in the current reporting period, excluding certain funeral home and cemetery businesses that we have divested or intend to divest in the near future. 
 The term divested when discussed in the Funeral Home Segment, refers to four funeral homes we sold and one funeral home we merged with another business we own in an existing market during the year ended December 31, 2022 and two funeral homes we sold and six funeral homes we merged with other businesses we own in existing markets during the year ended December 31, 2021. The term divested when discussed in the Cemetery Segment, refers to one cemetery we sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Planned divested refers to the funeral home and cemetery businesses that we intend to divest. 
 Ancillary in the Funeral Home Segment represents our flower shop, pet cremation business and online cremation business. 
 37 

Cemetery property amortization, Field depreciation expense and Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs, are not included in Operating profit, a non-GAAP financial measure. Adding back these items will result in Gross profit, a GAAP financial measure. 
 Funeral Home Segment 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our Revenue and Operating profit for our funeral home operations (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Revenue: Operating 252,926 251,396 Divested/planned divested 3,179 1,560 Ancillary 4,437 4,193 Other 9,545 9,754 Total 270,087 266,903 Operating Profit: Operating 109,204 101,951 Divested/planned divested 300 53 Ancillary 1,006 841 Other 8,497 8,626 Total 119,007 111,471 The following measures reflect the significant metrics over this comparative period: Contract volume 49,249 47,498 Average revenue per contract, excluding preneed funeral trust earnings 5,200 5,326 Average revenue per contract, including preneed funeral trust earnings 5,360 5,493 Cremation rate 56.7 57.7 
 Funeral home operating revenue decreased 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating revenue is primarily driven by a 3.6 decrease in contract volume, which was partially offset by a 2.4 increase in the average revenue per contract excluding preneed interest. The contract volume decrease is primarily a result of the significant decline in COVID-19 related cases in 2022 as compared to 2021, as deaths directly attributable from COVID-19 have now largely decreased to have minimal impact on the overall death rate. The increase in average revenue per contract for 2022 reflects increases of 2.0 and 0.8 in cremations and burials with services, respectively. These increases are primarily due to a combination of price increases and our continued focus on educating families on the many products and service options that are available with burials and cremations. 
 Funeral home operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 7.3 million when compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. The comparable operating profit margin decreased 260 basis points to 40.6 . Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 2.6 with the largest increase in salaries and benefits expenses of 0.9 , general and administrative expenses of 0.4 , facilities and grounds expenses of 0.3 and transportation costs of 0.2 . The increase in operating expenses is partially due to higher costs from inflationary impacts concentrated in our full-time hourly base rates, utilities and funeral supplies. 
 Ancillary revenue, which represents revenue from our flower shop, pet cremation and online cremation businesses and Ancillary operating profit both decreased 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other revenue, which consists of preneed funeral insurance commissions and preneed funeral trust and insurance increased 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to a 3.2 and 1.4 increase in number of contracts that matured to atneed and the earnings on those preneed contracts, respectively, for 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, as revenue recognition is driven by preneed contracts 
 38 

maturing to atneed. Other operating profit increased 0.2 million for the same comparative period, primarily due to the increase in revenue. 
 Cemetery Segment 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our Revenue and Operating profit for our cemetery operations (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Revenue: Operating 91,330 90,033 Divested/planned divested 858 252 Other 13,611 12,986 Total 105,799 103,271 Operating Profit: Operating 42,158 37,509 Divested/planned divested 365 (47) Other 13,111 12,428 Total 55,634 49,890 The following measures reflect the significant metrics over this comparative period: Preneed revenue as a percentage of operating revenue 63 62 Preneed revenue (in thousands) 57,886 56,099 Atneed revenue (in thousands) 34,302 34,186 Number of preneed interment rights sold 11,408 10,878 Average price per interment right sold 4,718 4,576 
 Cemetery operating revenue decreased 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as we experienced a 4.6 decline in the number of preneed interment rights sold, as well as a 3.0 decline in the average price per preneed interment right sold. The decline in the number of preneed interment rights sold is partially due to turnover we experienced at certain cemeteries in our preneed sales organization, as we continue to focus on recruiting the right sales leadership teams. The decrease in the average price per preneed internment right sold is primarily due to a decline of higher-end property sales at certain cemeteries during 2022 compared to 2021. Cemetery atneed revenue, which represents 38 of our total operating revenue, remained flat for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. 
 Cemetery operating profit decreased 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. The comparable operating profit margin decreased 450 basis points to 41.7 . Operating expenses as a percent of operating revenue increased 4.5 , which was primarily comprised of an increase in facilities and grounds expenses of 1.0 , an increase in the allowance for credit losses of 0.8 , due to a change in estimate in the second quarter of 2021, which resulted in lower credit loss expense in the prior period, and an increase in merchandise costs of 0.6 . The increase in operating expenses is partially due to higher costs from inflationary impacts concentrated in our utilities and merchandise costs. 
 Other revenue, which consists of preneed cemetery trust revenue and preneed cemetery finance charges decreased 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in realized capital gains from our perpetual care trust fund. Other operating profit decreased 0.5 million for the same comparative period, primarily due to the decrease in revenue. 
 Cemetery property amortization. Cemetery property amortization totaled 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the decrease in property sold across our cemetery portfolio. 
 Field depreciation. Depreciation expense for our field businesses totaled 13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 0.7 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to depreciation from computer and hardware equipment added in the last twelve months, as well as from assets added as a result of our 2022 acquisitions. 
 39 

Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs. Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs consist of salaries and benefits for regional management, field incentive compensation and other related costs for field infrastructure. Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs totaled 23.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 2.9 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (1) a 3.1 million decrease in cash incentives and equity compensation; (2) a 1.4 million decrease in health and safety expenses related to COVID-19; (3) a 0.2 million decrease in salary and benefits expenses; offset by (4) a 1.1 million increase in incentive award trips and annual managing partner meetings, which were postponed in the prior year due to COVID-19; and (5) a 0.8 million increase in other general administrative costs. 
 Other Financial Statement Items 
 General, administrative and other. General, administrative and other expenses totaled 36.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2.9 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (1) a 3.2 million increase in salary and benefits expenses, which includes talent additions to our recently developed marketing department, as well as a Chief Information Officer; (2) a 2.0 million increase in other general administrative costs, which includes higher online marketing and advertising costs and software license fees for new technology; offset by (3) a 1.4 million decrease in cash incentives and equity compensation; (4) a 1.3 million decrease in insurance claims expense, which includes a one-time 1.0 million payment for residual insurance claims in 2021; (5) a 0.6 million decrease in separation expense related to the departure of certain key members of leadership; and (6) a 0.2 million decrease in divestiture expenses. 
 Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges. The components of Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Impairments related to assets held for sale 500 2,358 Net gain on divestitures and real property (856) (543) Net loss on disposals of fixed assets 1,022 214 Total 666 2,029 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized impairments of 1.0 million related to property, plant and equipment, 0.9 million related to cemetery property and 0.4 million related to goodwill for assets held for sale . In addition, we divested four funeral homes and sold real property for a net gain of 0.7 million, of which 0.2 million was recorded in Other, net . We also disposed of damaged and obsolete property, plant and equipment that had a carrying value of 0.2 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an impairment of 0.5 million related to property, plant and equipment assets held for sale . In addition, we sold two funeral homes and one cemetery and sold real property for a net gain of 0.9 million. We also disposed of damaged and obsolete property, plant and equipment that had a carrying value of 1.0 million. 
 Interest expense . Interest expense related to its respective debt arrangement is as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Senior Notes 22,381 17,614 Credit Facility 2,200 7,517 Finance leases 471 442 Acquisition debt 364 311 Convertible Notes 19 Other 10 11 Total 25,445 25,895 
 Gain on insurance reimbursements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain on the reimbursements received from insurance for property damaged by Hurricane Ida that occurred during the third quarter of 2021. 
 Income taxes. Our income tax provision was 15.8 million and 11.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and our operating tax rate before discrete items was 28.4 and 27.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We recorded a net discrete tax benefit of 0.4 million and 1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net discrete tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022, includes benefit related to equity compensation and other adjustments including return to provision analysis and state legislative changes. Our effective tax rate was 27.6 and 25.2 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 40 

At December 31, 2022, our unrecognized tax benefit reserve for uncertain tax positions primarily relates to the uncertainty of receiving audit protection for revenue recognition of cemetery property for the benefit derived from carrying back losses to tax years with a higher effective tax rate than the current 21.0 rate. Our unrecognized tax benefit reserve for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3.3 million and 3.8 million, respectively. 
 See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes 1 and 17 for additional information regarding income taxes. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which our management uses judgment, assumptions and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting policies are more fully described in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1. 
 We have identified the following accounting policies as those that require significant judgments, assumptions and estimates and that have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. These policies are considered critical because they may result in fluctuations in our reported results from period to period due to the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions about complex and inherently uncertain matters and because the use of different judgments, assumptions or estimates could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such estimates may change if the underlying conditions or assumptions change. Historical performance should not be viewed as indicative of future performance because there can be no assurance the margins, operating income and net earnings, as a percentage of revenue, will be consistent from period to period. We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments required by our policies on an ongoing basis and update them as appropriate based on changing conditions. 
 Goodwill 
 Our quantitative goodwill impairment test involves estimates and management judgment. In the quantitative analysis, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We determine fair value for each reporting unit using both an income approach, weighted 90 , and a market approach, weighted 10 . Our methodology for determining an income-based fair value is based on discounting projected future cash flows. The discounted cash flow valuation uses projections of future cash flows and includes assumptions concerning future operating performance and economic conditions that may differ from actual future cash flows. Our methodology for determining a market approach fair value utilizes the guideline public company method, in which we rely on market multiples of comparable companies operating in the same industry as the individual reporting units. In accordance with the guidance, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to the difference. 
 See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 4 for additional information related to goodwill. 
 Business Combinations 
 Determining the fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles and liabilities acquired also requires management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. To the extent that information not available to us at the closing date subsequently becomes available during the allocation period, we may adjust goodwill, intangible assets, assets or liabilities associated with the acquisition. 
 When we acquire a cemetery, we utilize an internal and external approach to determine the fair value of the cemetery property. From an external perspective, we obtain an accredited appraisal to provide reasonable assurance for property existence, property availability (unrestricted) for development, property lines, available spaces to sell, identifiable obstacles or easements and general valuation inclusive of known variables in that market. From an internal perspective, we conduct a detailed analysis of the acquired cemetery property using other cemeteries in our portfolio as a benchmark. This provides the added benefit of relevant data that is not available to third party appraisers. Through this thorough internal process, the Company is able to identify viable costs of property based on historical experience, particular markets and demographics, reasonable margins, practical retail prices and park infrastructure and condition. 
 See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 3 for additional information related to business combinations. 
 41 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS, ACCOUNTING CHANGES AND OTHER REGULATIONS 
 For discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and accounting changes, see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are typically exposed to a variety of market risks. Currently, these are primarily related to interest rate risk and changes in the values of securities associated with the preneed and perpetual care trusts. Management is actively involved in monitoring exposure to market risk and developing and utilizing appropriate risk management techniques when appropriate and when available at a reasonable price. We are not exposed to any other significant market risks other than those related to COVID-19 and inflation which are described in more detail in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following quantitative and qualitative information is provided about financial instruments to which we are a party at December 31, 2022 and from which we may incur future gains or losses from changes in market conditions. We do not enter into derivative or other financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Hypothetical changes in interest rates and the values of securities associated with the preneed and perpetual care trusts chosen for the following estimated sensitivity analysis are considered to be reasonable near-term changes generally based on consideration of past fluctuations for each risk category. However, since it is not possible to accurately predict future changes in interest rates, these hypothetical changes may not necessarily be an indicator of probable future fluctuations. 
 The following information about our market-sensitive financial instruments constitutes a forward-looking statement. 
 In connection with our preneed funeral operations and preneed cemetery merchandise and service sales, the related funeral and cemetery trust funds own investments in equity and debt securities and mutual funds, which are sensitive to current market prices. Cost and market values of such investments at December 31, 2022 are presented in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7. The sensitivity of the fixed income securities is such that a 0.25 change in interest rates causes an approximate 1.11 change in the value of the fixed income securities. 
 We monitor current and forecasted interest rate risk in the ordinary course of business and seek to maintain optimal financial flexibility, quality and solvency. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of 190.7 million. Any further borrowings or voluntary prepayments against the Credit Facility or any change in the floating rate would cause a change in interest expense. We have the option to pay interest under our Credit Facility at either the prime rate or the BSBY rate, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, the prime rate margin was equivalent to 2.375 and the BSBY rate margin was 3.375 . Assuming the outstanding balance remains unchanged, a change of 100 basis points in our borrowing rate would result in a change in income before taxes of 1.9 million. We have not entered into interest rate hedging arrangements in the past. Management continually evaluates the cost and potential benefits of interest rate hedging arrangements. 
 Our Senior Notes bear interest at the fixed annual rate of 4.25 . We may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption price of 102.13 on or after May 15, 2024, 101.06 on or after May 15, 2025 and 100 on or after May 15, 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time before May 15, 2024, we may also redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at the redemption prices described in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Senior Notes on our Consolidated Balance Sheet was 395.2 million and the fair value of the Senior Notes was 322.3 million based on the last traded or broker quoted price as reported by FINRA. Increases in market interest rates may cause the value of the Senior Notes to decrease, but such changes will not affect our interest costs. 
 The remainder of our long-term debt and leases consist of non-interest bearing notes and fixed rate instruments that do not trade in a market and do not have a quoted market value. Any increase in market interest rates causes the fair value of those liabilities to decrease, but such changes will not affect our interest costs. 
 42 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 202 1 and 202 2 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 

43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Carriage Services, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Carriage Services, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

44 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Carriage Services, Inc. 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Carriage Services, Inc., (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 45 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2021 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Preneed cemetery trust investments Preneed funeral trust investments Preneed cemetery receivables, net Receivables from preneed funeral trusts, net Property, plant and equipment, net Cemetery property, net Goodwill Intangible and other non-current assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cemetery perpetual care trust investments Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of debt and lease obligations Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Acquisition debt, net of current portion Credit facility Senior notes Obligations under finance leases, net of current portion Obligations under operating leases, net of current portion Deferred preneed cemetery revenue Deferred preneed funeral revenue Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust Care trusts corpus Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies: Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized and and shares issued, respectively and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Revenue: Service revenue Property and merchandise revenue Other revenue Field costs and expenses: Cost of service Cost of merchandise Cemetery property amortization Field depreciation expense Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs Other expenses Gross profit Corporate costs and expenses: General, administrative and other Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Accretion of discount on convertible notes ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Gain on insurance reimbursements Other, net ) Income before income taxes Expense for income taxes ) ) ) Tax adjustment related to discrete items ) Total expense for income taxes ) ) ) Net income Basic earnings per common share: Diluted earnings per common share: Dividends declared per common share: Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance December 31, 2019 ) Net Income 2020 Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Issuance of restricted common stock Exercise of stock options ) ) Cancellation and surrender of restricted common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Convertible notes repurchase ) ) Other Balance December 31, 2020 ) Net Income 2021 Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Exercise of stock options ) ) Issuance of restricted common stock Cancellation and surrender of restricted common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Convertible notes conversions ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) Net Income 2022 Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Exercise of stock options ) ) Cancellation and surrender of restricted common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) ) ) Other Balance December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization and accretion of debt Loss on extinguishment of debt Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges Gain on insurance reimbursements ) ) Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities that provided (used) cash: Accounts and preneed receivables ) ) ) Inventories, prepaid and other current assets ) Intangible and other non-current assets ) ) ) Preneed funeral and cemetery trust investments ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery revenue Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trust Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of businesses and real estate ) ) ) Proceeds from divestitures and sale of other assets Proceeds from insurance reimbursements Capital expenditures ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings from the credit facility Payments against the credit facility ) ) ) Payment to redeem the 6.625 senior notes due 2026 ) Payment of call premium for the redemption of the 6.625 senior notes due 2026 ) Proceeds from the issuance of the 4.25 senior notes due 2029 Payment of debt issuance costs for the credit facility and 4.25 senior notes due 2029 ) ) ) Conversions and maturity of the convertible notes ) ) Payments on acquisition debt and obligations under finance leases ) ) ) Payments on contingent consideration recorded at acquisition date ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan contributions Taxes paid on restricted stock vestings and exercise of stock options ) ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

business segments: Funeral Home Operations, which currently accounts for approximately of our revenue and Cemetery Operations, which currently accounts for approximately of our revenue. At December 31, 2022, we operated funeral homes in states and cemeteries in states. 
 Our funeral home operations are principally service businesses that generate revenue from sales of burial and cremation services and related merchandise, such as caskets and urns. Funeral services include consultation, the removal and preparation of remains, the use of funeral home facilities for visitation and memorial services and transportation services. We provide funeral services and products on both an atneed (time of death) and preneed (planned prior to death) basis. 
 Our cemetery operations generate revenue primarily through sales of cemetery interment rights (primarily grave sites, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces and niches), related cemetery merchandise (such as memorial markers, outer burial containers and monuments) and services (interments, inurnments and installation of cemetery merchandise). We provide cemetery services and products on both an atneed and preneed basis. 
 , with such interest income reflected as Other revenue . In substantially all cases, we receive an initial down payment at the time the contract is signed. 
 For our funeral and atneed cemetery receivables, we have a collections policy where statements are sent to the customer at days past due. Past due notification letters are sent at days and continue until payment is received or the contract is placed with a third-party collections agency. For our preneed cemetery receivables, we have a collections policy where past due notification letters are sent to the customer beginning at days past due and periodically thereafter until payment is received or the contract is cancelled. 
 50 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired a business in Kissimmee, Florida consisting of funeral homes for million and a business in the Charlotte, North Carolina area consisting of funeral homes, cemetery and cremation focused business for million. We did not acquire any businesses in 2021. 
 The pro forma impact of the acquisitions on prior periods is not presented as the impact is not material to our reported results. The results of the acquired businesses are included in our results of operations from the date of acquisition. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to acquisitions. 
 Divested Operations 
 Prior to divesting a funeral home or cemetery, we first determine whether the sale of the net assets and activities (together referred to as a set qualifies as a business. First, we perform a screen test to determine if the set is not a business. The principle of the screen is that if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets sold resides in a single asset or group of similar assets, the set is not a business. If the screen is not met, we perform an assessment to determine if the set is a business by evaluating whether the set has both inputs and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. When both inputs and a substantive process are present then the set is determined to be a business and we consider the accounting treatment of goodwill for that set (see discussion of Goodwill below). Goodwill is only allocated to the sale if the set is considered to be a business. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold funeral homes for million and merged funeral home with another business we own in an existing market. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold funeral homes and cemetery for million and we merged funeral homes with other businesses we own in existing markets. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold funeral homes for million. 
 See Notes 4 and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to divestitures. 
 Held for Sale 
 At December 31, 2022, we had million of assets classified as held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheet related to funeral home and cemeteries that we divested on January 31, 2023, described in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The carrying value of these assets held for sale exceeded the fair value and in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), we recognized impairments of million related to property, plant and 
 51 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million related to cemetery property and million related to goodwill, which were recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Goodwill 
 and perform a qualitative assessment during the remaining . We conducted qualitative assessments in 2020 and 2021 and performed a quantitative assessment in 2022. In addition to our annual test, we assess the impairment of goodwill whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may be greater than fair value. Factors that could trigger an interim impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant adverse changes in the business climate, which may be indicated by a decline in our market capitalization or decline in operating results. 
 Our quantitative goodwill impairment test involves estimates and management judgment. In the quantitative analysis, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of that reporting unit is not considered impaired. We determine fair value for each reporting unit using both an income approach, weighted 90 , and a market approach, weighted 10 . Our methodology for determining an income-based fair value is based on discounting projected future cash flows. The projected future cash flows include assumptions concerning future operating performance and economic conditions that may differ from actual future cash flows discounted at our weighted average cost of capital based on market participant assumptions. Our methodology for determining a market approach fair value utilizes the guideline public company method, in which we rely on market multiples of comparable companies operating in the same industry as the individual reporting units. In accordance with the guidance, if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to the difference. 
 For our 2022, 2021 and 2020 annual impairment tests performed as of August 31 each year, we concluded that there was no impairment to goodwill as the fair value of our reporting units was greater than the carrying value. 
 During 2020, as a result of economic conditions caused by COVID-19, we performed a quantitative assessment of our goodwill at March 31, 2020, and recorded an impairment to goodwill of million, as the carrying amount of our funeral homes in the Eastern Region Reporting Unit exceeded the fair value. 
 Goodwill is only allocated to a divestiture if the set is considered to be a business. When we divest a portion of a reporting unit that constitutes a business in accordance with GAAP, we allocate goodwill associated with that business to be included in the gain or loss on divestiture. The goodwill allocated is based on the relative fair value of the business being divested and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. Additionally, after each divestiture, we will test the goodwill remaining in the portion of the reporting unit to be retained for impairment using a qualitative assessment unless we deem a quantitative assessment to be appropriate to ensure the fair value of our reporting units is greater than their carrying value. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we allocated million of goodwill related to the sale of funeral homes for a loss recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, after each divestiture, we concluded that it was more-likely-than not that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value and thus there was no impairment to goodwill. 
 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to goodwill. 
 and perform a qualitative assessment during the remaining . We conducted qualitative assessments in 2020 and 2021 and performed a quantitative 
 52 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

For our 2022, 2021 and 2020 annual impairment tests performed as of August 31 each year, we concluded there that was no impairment to our intangible assets as the fair value of our intangible assets was greater than the carrying value. 
 During 2020, as a result of economic conditions caused by COVID-19, we performed a quantitative assessment of our tradenames at March 31, 2020 and we recorded an for certain of our funeral homes of million, as the carrying amount of these tradenames exceeded the fair value. 
 See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to intangible assets. 
 
 See Notes 7 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to preneed and perpetual care trust funds. 
 53 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

See Notes 7 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional required disclosures related to the fair value measurement of our financial assets and liabilities. 
 for our preneed funeral trust contracts and for our preneed cemetery merchandise and services contracts. 
 The selling costs related to the sales of cemetery interment rights, which include real property and other costs related to cemetery development activities, continue to be expensed using the specific identification method in the period in which the sale of the cemetery interment right is recognized as revenue. The selling costs related to preneed funeral insurance contracts continue to be expensed in the period incurred as these contracts are not included on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to capitalized commissions on preneed contracts. 
 
 to 
 Furniture and fixtures to 
 Machinery and equipment to 
 Automobiles to 
 
 54 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Buildings and improvements Furniture, equipment and automobiles Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired million of property, plant and equipment related to our business combinations, described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and million related to real property acquisitions. Additionally, we sold real property for million, with a carrying value of million, resulting in a gain on the sale of million, which was recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We also divested funeral homes that had a carrying value of property, plant and equipment of million, described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired real property for million. Additionally, we sold real property for million, with a carrying value of million, resulting in a gain on the sale of million. We recognized a million impairment related to property, plant and equipment assets held for sale. The gain on sale and impairment were recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges . We also divested funeral homes and cemetery that had a carrying value of property, plant and equipment of million, which was included in the gain or loss on the sale of divestitures and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Additionally, we disposed of damaged and obsolete property, plant and equipment that had a carrying value of million, which was recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, for property, plant, equipment. In addition, we recorded depreciation expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

Cemetery property was million and million, net of accumulated amortization of million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. When cemetery property is sold, the value of the cemetery property (interment right costs) is expensed as amortization using the specific identification method in the period in which the sale of the interment right is recognized as revenue. Our growth capital expenditures totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, for cemetery property development. We recorded amortization expense for 
 55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we divested cemetery that had a carrying value of cemetery property of million, which was included in the gain or loss on the sale of divestitures and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 . Many leases include one or more options to renew, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to . We lease certain funeral homes under finance leases with original terms ranging from ten to . We do not have lease agreements with residual value guarantees, sale-leaseback terms, material restrictive covenants or related parties. We do not have any material sublease arrangements. 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception based on the facts and circumstances of the agreement. A right-of-use ROU asset represents our right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease liability represents our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments. The lease terms used to calculate the ROU asset and related lease liability include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense, while the expense for finance leases is recognized as depreciation expense and interest expense using the effective interest method of recognition. Variable lease payment amounts that cannot be determined at the commencement of the lease such as increases in lease payments based on changes in index rates or usage, are not included in the ROU assets or liabilities. These are expensed as incurred and recorded as variable lease expense. We have real estate lease agreements which require payments for lease and non-lease components and we account for these as a single lease component. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, that do not include an option to renew the underlying asset, are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to leases. 
 million and the excess tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. We did not have an excess tax benefit or deficiency for the year ended December 31, 2022. The excess tax benefit and tax deficiency are recorded within Tax adjustment related to discrete items on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to share-based payments are included in operating cash flows on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 56 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 of our trust assets, for a fee based on the market value of trust assets. Under state trust laws, we are allowed to charge the trust a fee for advising on the investment of the trust assets and these fees are recognized as income in the period in which services are provided. 
 Balances due on undelivered preneed funeral trust contracts have been reclassified to reduce Deferred preneed funeral revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheet of million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As these performance obligations are to be completed after the date of death, we cannot quantify the recognition of revenue in future periods. However, we estimate an average maturity period of for preneed funeral contracts. 
 Balances due from customers on delivered preneed cemetery contracts are included in Accounts receivable, net and Preneed cemetery receivables, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Balances due on undelivered preneed cemetery contracts have been reclassified to reduce Deferred preneed cemetery revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The transaction price allocated to preneed merchandise and service performance obligations that were unfulfilled were million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As these performance obligations are to be completed after the date of death, we cannot quantify the recognition of revenue in future periods. However, we estimate an average maturity period of for preneed cemetery contracts. 
 See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to revenue. 
 states in which we operate and combined or unitary income tax returns in states in which we operate. We record deferred taxes for temporary differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities. We classify our deferred tax liabilities and assets as non-current on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets for which realization is uncertain. Management reviews the valuation allowance at the end of each quarter and makes adjustments if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. 
 
 See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to income taxes. 
 57 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the computation of earnings per share. 

See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to subsequent events. 
 
 2. 
 58 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

3. 
 funeral homes in Kissimmee, Florida for million in cash. On October 25, 2022, we acquired a business consisting of funeral homes, cemetery and cremation focused business in the Charlotte, North Carolina area for million in cash. We acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain operating liabilities of these businesses. We did not acquire any businesses in 2021. 
 The pro forma impact of these acquisitions on prior periods is not presented, as the impact is not significant to our reported results. The results of the acquired businesses are reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Operations from the date of acquisition. 
 Trust investments Property, plant equipment Cemetery property Goodwill Intangible and other non-current assets Trust liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Purchase price 
 The intangible and other non-current assets relate to the fair value of tradenames and non-compete agreements. The goodwill recorded for our 2022 acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022, our accounting for our 2022 acquisitions is complete. 
 ) October 25, 2022 Three Funeral Homes, One Cemetery and One Cremation Focused Business Charlotte, NC ) 
 59 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 4. 
 Increase in goodwill related to acquisitions Decrease in goodwill related to divestitures ) ) Decrease in goodwill related to assets held for sale ) Goodwill at the end of the year 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million in goodwill related to our 2022 acquisitions; million was allocated to our cemetery segment and million was allocated to our funeral home segment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we allocated million of goodwill to the sale of funeral homes for a loss recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, we recorded a million goodwill impairment related to one funeral home and two cemeteries that were classified as held for sale at the balance sheet date, which was recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we allocated million of goodwill to the sale of funeral home for a loss recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

5. 
 funeral homes for an aggregate of million and merged funeral home with another business we own in an existing market. During 2021, we sold funeral homes and cemetery for an aggregate of million and we merged funeral homes with other businesses we own in existing markets. During 2020, we sold funeral homes for an aggregate of million. 
 Operating income Net loss on divestitures (1) 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss from divested operations, after tax ) ) ) 
 (1) Net loss on divestitures is recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 60 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 6. 
 Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 December 31, 2021 Funeral Cemetery Corporate Total Trade and financed receivables Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Other receivables include supplier rebates, commissions due from third party insurance companies and perpetual care income receivables. We do not provide an allowance for credit losses for these receivables as we have historically not had any collectability issues nor do we expect any in the foreseeable future.) ) ) ) Cemetery ) ) ) Total allowance for credit losses on Trade and financed receivables ) ) ) ) 
 Merchandise and services Unearned finance charges Preneed cemetery receivables 
 The components of our preneed cemetery receivables are as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Preneed cemetery receivables Less: unearned finance charges ) ) Preneed cemetery receivables, at amortized cost Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Less: balances due on undelivered cemetery preneed contracts ) ) Less: amounts in accounts receivable ) ) Preneed cemetery receivables, net 
 61 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) ) ) 
 
 Deferred revenue Total contracts 
 The aging of past due preneed cemetery receivables as of December 31, 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 
 31-60 Past Due 61-90 Past Due 91-120 Past Due >120 Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Recognized revenue Deferred revenue Total contracts 
 
 7. 
 62 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Preneed cemetery trust investments 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. agency obligations 2 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Certificates of deposit 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed cemetery trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 63 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 Fixed Income 2 ) Trust Securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed cemetery trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 ) ) Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 The following table summarizes our fixed income securities (excluding mutual funds) within our preneed cemetery trust investments in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 In Loss Position Less than 12 months In Loss Position Greater than 12 months Total Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fixed income securities: Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 64 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Expenses and taxes ) ) ) Net change in deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust ) )) ) ) Sales 
 Preneed Funeral Trust Investments 
 Preneed funeral trust investments represent trust fund assets that we are permitted to withdraw as services and merchandise are provided to customers. Preneed funeral contracts are secured by payments from customers, less retained amounts not required to be deposited into trust. 
 Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Preneed funeral trust investments 
 Fixed income securities: U. S. treasury debt 1 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Other investments 2 Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed funeral trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 Fixed income 2 ) Other investments 2 Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed funeral trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 ) ) Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 66 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Expenses and taxes ) ) Net change in deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust ) ) )) ) ) Sales 
 Cemetery Perpetual Care Trust Investments 
 Care trusts corpus on our Consolidated Balance Sheet represent the corpus of those trusts plus undistributed income. The components of Care trusts corpus are as follows (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Cemetery perpetual care trust investments, at market value Obligations due from trust ) ) Care trusts corpus 
 67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Cemetery perpetual care investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 The estimated maturities of the fixed income securities (excluding mutual funds) included above are as follows (in thousands): 
 Due in one year or less Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 The following table reflects the cost and market values associated with the trust investments held in perpetual care trust funds at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Hierarchy Level Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Cash and money market accounts 1 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Cemetery perpetual care investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 68 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 The following table summarizes our fixed income securities within our perpetual care trust investment in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2021 In Loss Position Less than 12 months In Loss Position Greater than 12 months Total Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fair market value Unrealized Losses Fixed income securities: Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 Perpetual care trust investment security transactions recorded in Other, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Net change in care trusts corpus ) ) Total 
 Perpetual care trust investment security transactions recorded in Other revenue are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Investment income Realized losses ) ) ) Total 
 Purchases and sales of investments in the perpetual care trusts are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Purchases ) ) ) Sales 
 69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 8. 
 
 Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Receivables from preneed funeral trusts, net 
 The following summary reflects the composition of the assets held in trust and controlled by third parties to satisfy our future obligations related to the underlying preneed funeral contracts at December 31, 2021 and 2022. The cost basis includes reinvested interest and dividends that have been earned on the trust assets. 
 Fixed income investments Mutual funds and common stocks Annuities Total 
 The composition of the preneed trust funds at December 31, 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Historical Cost Basis Fair Value As of December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Fixed income investments Mutual funds and common stocks Annuities Total 
 
 9. 
 million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and are not recorded as assets or liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 70 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 10. 
 million. We believe that our Credit Facility bears interest at a rate that approximates prevailing market rates for instruments with similar characteristics and therefore, the carrying value of our Credit Facility approximates fair value. We estimate the fair value of our acquisition debt utilizing an income approach, which uses a present value calculation to discount payments based on current market rates as of the reporting date. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our acquisition debt was million, which approximated its fair value. The fair value of our Senior Notes was million at December 31, 2022 based on the last traded or broker quoted price. 
 We identified investments in fixed income securities, common stock and mutual funds presented within the preneed and perpetual care trust investments categories on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as having met the criteria for fair value measurement. Our receivables from preneed funeral trusts represent assets in trusts which are controlled and operated by third parties in which we do not have a controlling financial interest (less than 50 in the trust assets. We account for these investments at cost. 
 The following three-level valuation hierarchy based upon the transparency of inputs is utilized in the measurement and valuation of financial assets or liabilities as of the measurement date: 
 Level 1 Fair value of securities based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Our investments classified as Level 1 securities include cash, U.S. treasury debt, common stock and equity mutual funds; 
 Level 2 Fair value of securities estimated based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable or that can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation. These inputs include interest rates, yield curves, credit risk, prepayment speeds, rating and tax-exempt status. Our investments classified as Level 2 securities include U.S. agency obligations, foreign debt, corporate debt, preferred stocks, certificates of deposit and fixed income mutual funds and other investments. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs based upon the reporting entity s internally developed assumptions, which market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, we did not have any assets that had fair values determined by Level 3 inputs and no liabilities measured at fair value. 
 See Notes 7 and 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the fair value hierarchy levels of our trust investments. 
 
 11. 
 Capitalized commissions on preneed contracts, net of accumulated amortization 
 of and , respectively 
 Prepaid agreements not-to-compete, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization of 
 Other Intangible and other non-current assets, net 
 Tradenames 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we increased the value of our tradenames by million related to our 2022 acquisitions described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 See Notes 1 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the methodology used for our indefinite lived intangible asset impairment test and discussion of our acquisitions, respectively. 
 71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Prepaid Agreements 
 Prepaid agreements not-to-compete are amortized over the term of the respective agreements, generally ranging from one to . Amortization expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Internal-use Software 
 Internal-use software is typically amortized on a straight-line basis over . Amortization expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 12. 
 million senior secured revolving credit facility, including a million subfacility for letters of credit and a million swingline, and (ii) an accordion or incremental option allowing for future increases in the facility size by an additional amount of up to million in the aggregate in the form of increased revolving commitments or incremental term loans. 
 On May 27, 2022, we entered into a second amendment and commitment increase (the Second Credit Facility Amendment to our Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Second Credit Facility Amendment provided, among other things, for (i) an increase to the Revolving Credit Commitments (as defined in the Credit Facility) from million to million in the aggregate; (ii) modifications to the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Fee Rate to change the applicable rates and pricing levels set forth in each pricing grid; (iii) the establishment of the BSBY as a benchmark rate and the removal of LIBOR; (iv) an increase in the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) to to 1.00; and (v) modifications to the restricted payments covenant to allow us to make additional stock repurchases, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein. We incurred million in transactions costs related to the Second Credit Facility Amendment, which were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt using the straight-line method. 
 On December 9, 2022, we entered into a third amendment (the Third Credit Facility Amendment ), to our Credit Facility with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Third Credit Facility Amendment provides, among other things, for (i) modifications to the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Fee Rate to change the applicable rates and pricing levels set forth in each pricing grid; (ii) an increase in the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) covenant as follows: a Total Leverage Ratio not to exceed (a) to 1.00 from the effective date of the Third Credit Facility Amendment through the quarter ended June 30, 2023, (b) to 1.00 for the quarters ended September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2023, (c) to 1.00 for the quarters ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024, (d) to 1.00 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and (e) and 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 and each quarter ended thereafter; (iii) modifications to the permitted investments covenant, relating to the Company s ability to make certain acquisitions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein; (iv) modifications to the restricted payments covenant related to the Company s ability to make stock repurchases, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein; and (v) a modification to the Total Leverage Ratio level which constitutes a Real Property Collateral Trigger Event (as defined in the Credit Facility). The final maturity of the Credit Facility will occur on May 13, 2026. 
 72 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million in unamortized debt issuance costs, which was recorded in Loss on extinguishment of debt . We also incurred million in transactions costs related to the execution of the Third Credit Facility Amendment, which were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt using the straight-line method. 
 Our obligations under the Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the same subsidiaries which guarantee the Senior Notes (as defined in Note 14) and certain of our subsequently acquired or organized domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants with respect to the use of proceeds, payment of taxes and other obligations, continuation of the Company s business and the maintenance of existing rights and privileges, the maintenance of property and insurance, amongst others. 
 In addition, the Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict (subject to certain exceptions) the ability of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, engage in mergers and acquisitions, and pay dividends and other restricted payments, and certain financial maintenance covenants. At December 31, 2022, we were subject to the following financial covenants under our Credit Facility: (A) a Total Leverage Ratio not to exceed to 1.00 and (B) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) of not less than to 1.00 as of the end of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. These financial maintenance covenants are calculated for the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in our Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Total Credit Facility Acquisition debt Less: current portion ) ) Total acquisition debt, net of current portion 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of million. We also had letter of credit for million under the Credit Facility. The letter of credit will expire on November 27, 2023 and is expected to automatically renew annually and secures our obligations under our various self-insured policies. At December 31, 2022, we had million of availability under the Credit Facility. 
 Outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility bear interest at a prime rate or a BSBY rate, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, the prime rate margin was equivalent to and the BSBY rate margin was . The weighted average interest rate on our Credit Facility was and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 We have no material assets or operations independent of the Subsidiary Guarantors, as all of our assets and operations are held and conducted by the Subsidiary Guarantors. Additionally, we do not currently have any significant restrictions on our ability to receive dividends or loans from any Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Credit Facility amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Acquisition debt consists of deferred purchase price and promissory notes payable to sellers. A majority of the deferred purchase price and notes bear no interest and are discounted at imputed interest rates ranging from to . Original maturities typically range from five to . 
 73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Credit Facility and acquisition debt Less: Interest ) Present value of Credit Facility and acquisition debt 
 
 13. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of our convertible subordinated notes due 2021 (the Convertible Notes held by certain holders for million in cash and recorded million for the reacquisition of the equity component. The Convertible Notes matured on March 15, 2021, at which time all Convertible Notes outstanding, million in aggregate principal amount, were paid in full in cash at par value. Therefore, no Convertible Notes remain outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 Convertible Notes accretion of debt discount Convertible Notes amortization of debt issuance costs 
 . 
 
 14. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes and related guarantees by the Subsidiary Guarantors, which were issued in a private offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
 The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of May 13, 2021 (the Indenture ), among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee Collateral Trustee ). The Senior Notes are unsecured, senior obligations and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, jointly and severally by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2029, unless earlier redeemed or purchased and bear interest at per year, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2021. 
 We may redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at the redemption price of on or after May 15, 2024, on or after May 15, 2025 and on or after May 15, 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time before May 15, 2024, we may also redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at the redemption prices described in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption. In addition, before May 15, 2024, we may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes outstanding using an amount of cash equal to the net proceeds of certain equity offerings, at a price of of the principal amount of 
 74 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes (including any additional Senior Notes) outstanding under the Indenture remain outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (unless all Senior Notes are redeemed concurrently), and (2) each such redemption must occur within days of the date of the consummation of any such equity offering. 
 If a change of control occurs, holders of the Senior Notes will have the option to require us to purchase for cash all or a portion of their Senior Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if we make certain asset sales and do not reinvest the proceeds thereof or use such proceeds to repay certain debt, we will be required to use the proceeds of such asset sales to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants limiting our ability and our Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, create liens on certain assets to secure debt, pay dividends or make other equity distributions, purchase or redeem capital stock, make certain investments, sell assets, agree to certain restrictions on the ability of Restricted Subsidiaries to make payments to us, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets, or engage in transactions with affiliates. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. 
 The debt discount and the debt issuance costs are being amortized using the effective interest method over the remaining term of months of the Senior Notes. The effective interest rate on the unamortized debt discount and the unamortized debt issuance costs for the Senior Notes for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was and , respectively. 
 Debt discount, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Carrying value of the Senior Notes 
 The fair value of the Senior Notes, which are Level 2 measurements, was million at December 31, 2022. 
 Senior Notes amortization of debt discount Senior Notes amortization of debt premium Senior Notes amortization of debt issuance costs 
 ) ) 2024 ) ) 2025 ) ) 2026 ) ) 2027 ) ) Thereafter ) Total ) 
 75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 15. 
 Short-term lease cost Facilities and grounds expense (1) 
 Variable lease cost Facilities and grounds expense (1) 
 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of leased assets Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 (1) Facilities and grounds expense is included within Cost of service and General, administrative and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization expense is included within Field depreciation expense and General, administrative and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to our leases is as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Cash paid for operating leases included in operating activities Cash paid for finance leases included in financing activities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new leases are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2022 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities ) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received a leasehold improvement allowance of million for the renovation of our home office space in Houston, Texas from our lessor. We recorded a leasehold improvement asset as property, plant and equipment and reduced our right-of-use asset by million. The leasehold improvement allowance will be recognized prospectively by ratably reducing the lease expense over the remaining lease term. 
 76 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment, net Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease current liabilities Current portion of operating lease obligations Finance lease current liabilities Current portion of finance lease obligations Total current lease liabilities Operating lease non-current liabilities Obligations under operating leases, net of current portion Finance lease non-current liabilities Obligations under finance leases, net of current portion Total non-current lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 The average lease terms and discount rates at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 . 
 
 16. 
 and provide for periodic future payments over the term of the agreements. 
 We have various consulting agreements with former owners of businesses we have acquired. Payments for such agreements are generally not made in advance. These agreements are generally for one to and provide for bi-weekly or monthly payments. 
 We have employment agreements with our executive officers. These agreements are generally for three to and provide for participation in various incentive compensation arrangements. These agreements generally renew automatically on 
 77 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (a) Melvin C. Payne, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, has an employment agreement that does not renew after the initial term. 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 We sponsor a defined contribution plan, a 401K plan, for the benefit of our employees. Matching contributions and plan administrative expenses totaled million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We do not offer any post-retirement or post-employment benefits. 
 Litigation 

17. 
 State provision Total current provision Deferred: U. S. federal provision (benefit) ) State provision (benefit) ) Total deferred provision (benefit) ) Total income tax provision 
 78 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Effect of state income taxes, net of federal benefit Effect of non-deductible expenses and other, net ) ) Effect of divestitures and impairment of businesses Change in valuation allowance, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Total 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and various states. As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2013 to 2020 are subject to examination by taxing authorities. 
 On May 10, 2017, we filed amended federal returns for the tax years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, which generated refunds of million. The amended returns are under audit and as a result, the administrative processing of the carryback claims currently under audit requires that the statute for tax years 2013 to 2015 remain open. 
 In connection with the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act enacted on March 27, 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we filed a claim for a refund on June 30, 2020, to carryback the net operating losses NOLs generated in the tax year ended December 31, 2018. The CARES Act, among other things, permits NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021, to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes in which the enacted federal rate was 35 . The refund claim for million from the 2018 tax year was received on August 7, 2021. As our refund claim filed for tax year 2018 exceeded 5.0 million, our 2018 federal return is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), as required in order to receive Joint Committee approval. 
 An additional carryback claim for a refund was filed on November 3, 2020 for the tax year ended December 31, 2019, for million not yet received. On December 4, 2020, we filed an amended federal return for the tax year ended December 31, 2018, in order to take full advantage of the CARES Act legislative changes, which resulted in an additional carryback refund claim of million not yet received, which will be processed as part of the Joint Committee review of the 2018 carryback claim. 
 On October 11, 2021, we received an adverse ruling from the IRS for the accounting method change filed in 2018 for revenue recognition of cemetery property. Upon receiving the adverse ruling on the revenue recognition of cemetery property accounting method change, we filed an automatic method change on Form 3115, to adopt the IRS preferred revenue recognition method for cemetery property. The accounting method change application was submitted under the three-month window rule, which would grant audit protection for the cumulative effect of the adverse ruling for revenue recognition of cemetery property, at the discretion of the IRS agent conducting the audit. As uncertainty exists involving audit protection of the net operating loss carrybacks under IRS audit, a reserve for the unrecognized tax benefit was recorded for the benefit derived from carrying back losses to tax years with a higher effective tax rates than the current 21 rate. 
 On March 2, 2022, the IRS indicated the non-automatic method change filed for deferred revenue recognition for cemetery merchandise and services met the requirements to be filed as an automatic method change. As such, on March 31, 2022, we submitted Form 3115 to request the automatic method change and recorded a million reduction to the reserve for uncertain tax positions. 
 79 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Interest expense limitation Tax credit carryforwards State depreciation Accrued and other liabilities Amortization of non-compete agreements Prepaid assets Total deferred income tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Preneed liabilities ) ) Prepaid assets ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Our deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with related valuation allowances, are classified as non-current on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets for which realization is uncertain. Management reviews the valuation allowance at the end of each quarter and makes adjustments if it is determined that it is more-likely-than not that the tax benefits will be realized. We recognized an immaterial net decrease in our valuation allowance during 2021 and 2022. 
 For state reporting purposes, we have million of net operating loss carryforwards that will expire between 2023 and 2041, if not utilized. Based on management s assessment of the various state net operating losses, it was determined that it is more-likely-than not that we will be able to realize tax benefits on some portion of the amount of the state losses. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was attributable to the deferred tax asset related to a portion of the state operating losses. 
 We analyze tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and how they are to be recognized, measured, and derecognized in financial statements; provide certain disclosures of uncertain tax matters; and specify how reserves for uncertain tax positions should be classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferred tax assets recognized for those NOLs are presented net of these unrecognized tax benefits. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s unrecognized tax benefit reserve for uncertain tax positions primarily relates to the uncertainty of receiving audit protection for revenue recognition of cemetery property for the benefit derived from carrying back losses to tax years with a higher effective tax rate than the current 21.0 rate. Our unrecognized tax benefit reserve for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period ) ) Gross increases - tax positions in current period Unrecognized tax benefit at end of year 
 80 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 million of unrecognized tax benefit UTB will be recognized in the next twelve months. We accrued interest of million during 2022 and in total, as of December 31, 2022, recognized a liability related to the UTB's noted above for interest of million. During 2021, we accrued interest of million and in total, as of December 31, 2021, recognized a liability for interest of million. 
 
 18. 
 shares of common stock, per share par value. We had and shares issued and and shares outstanding, net of and shares held in treasury at par, at December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Stock Based Compensation Plans 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had stock benefits plans in effect under which stock, restricted stock, stock options and performance awards have been granted or remain outstanding: the Second Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended, the Amended and Restated 2006 Plan and the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2017 Plan ). The Amended and Restated 2006 Plan was terminated upon the approval of the 2017 Plan at the annual shareholders meeting on May 17, 2017. The 2017 Plan expires on May 17, 2027. All stock-based plans are administered by the Compensation Committee appointed by our Board of Directors (our Board ). 
 At December 31, 2022, we had shares available to issue under our 2017 Plan. The termination of the Amended and Restated 2006 Plan does not affect the awards previously issued and outstanding. 
 Restricted Stock 
 Returned for payroll taxes Cancelled (1) Restricted stock granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 will vest over a three-year period, if the employee has remained continuously employed by us during the vesting period, at a weighted average stock price of and , respectively. 
 
 A summary of the number of unvested restricted stock awards and their weighted average grant date fair values during the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented in the table below (shares in thousands): 
 Vested ) Cancelled ) Unvested at December 31 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs and General, administrative and other expenses, for restricted stock awards of , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock awards, which are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 81 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Granted (2) 
 Granted (3) 
 Granted (4) 
 Cancelled 
 (1) Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 had a weighted average price of and , respectively. The fair value of these options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The options granted in 2021 and 2022 vest over a five-year period and have a ten-year term. These options will vest if the employee has remained continuously employed by us through the vesting period. 
 (2) Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 had a weighted average price of . The fair value of these options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and vest over a seven-year period and have a ten-year term. These options will vest if the employee has remained continuously employed by us through the vesting period. 
 (3) We granted options to a key employee at a weighted average price of . These options will vest when the price of our common stock closes at or above options) and options) for three consecutive days within the ten-year term and the employee has remained continuously employed by us through such date. The fair value of these options was million. 
 (4) Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2022 had a weighted average price of and , respectively. The fair value of these options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and vest over a three-year period and have a ten-year term. These options will vest if the employee has remained continuously employed by us through the vesting period. 
 
 Additional stock option activity is as follows (in thousands, except shares): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Shares Cash Shares Cash Shares Cash Exercised (1) 
 (1) (1) (1) Returned for option price (2) 
 Returned for payroll taxes (3) 
 
 (1) Stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 had a weighted average exercise price of , and , respectively. 
 (2) Represents shares withheld/cash received for the payment of the option price. (3) Represents shares withheld/cash paid for the payment of payroll taxes. 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. All of the options granted and outstanding under this plan have either a seven or term. We utilized the Black-Scholes option pricing model and Monte-Carlo simulation pricing model for estimating the fair value of our stock options. These models allow for the use of a range of assumptions related to volatility, risk-free interest rate, expected holding period and dividend yield. The expected volatility utilized in these valuation models is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. The dividend yield and expected holding period are based on historical experience and management's estimate of future events. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the U.S. Treasury yield curve based on the expected life of the option in effect at the time of grant. 
 82 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Awards granted Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Black-Scholes value 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31 Exercisable at December 31 
 A summary of the number of stock options and their weighted average grant date fair values during the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented in the table below (shares in thousands): 
 Shares Wtd. Avg. Fair Value Non-vested at January 1 Granted Vested or exercised ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31 
 
 Fair value of stock options vested 
 
 83 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 20.06 - 26.54 31.58 - 31.58 34.79 - 49.88 18.02 - 49.48 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable stock options was million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. We had million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years at December 31, 2022. 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs and General, administrative and other expenses, for stock options of , and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Performance Awards 
 Cancelled 
 In addition to the activity described in the table above, we issued performance awards to certain employees, during the year ended December 31, 2020, payable in shares, with a fair value of million. On May 19, 2020, we cancelled all performance award agreements previously awarded to all individuals during 2019, as well as the performance awards previously granted in 2020. Concurrently with the cancellation of those performance awards, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved new performance awards to be issued to certain employees. These new performance awards were treated as a modification of the cancelled awards and resulted in an additional million of incremental compensation expense. These awards will vest (if at all) on December 31, 2024, provided that the Company s common stock reaches the predetermined growth targets for a sustained period beginning on the grant date and ending on December 31, 2024. 
 On June 1, 2021, we amended the performance award agreements granted on May 19, 2020 for three of our executives. The amendment increased the amount of performance awards payable in shares for the last three predetermined growth targets. It was treated as a modification of the original performance award agreement and resulted in million of incremental compensation expense, expected to be recognized over the remaining term of months. 
 A summary of the number of performance awards and their weighted average grant date fair values during the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented in the table below (shares in thousands): 
 Granted Cancelled ) At December 31 
 84 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 Share price at grant date Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 The fair value of the performance awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was calculated on the date of grant using the Monte-Carlo simulation pricing model with the following assumptions: 
 Grant date April 16, 2021 June 1, 2021 August 12, 2021 September 15, 2021 November 29, 2021 Simulation period (years) Share price at grant date Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to performance awards expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of months. If all of the predetermined growth targets are met as of December 31, 2024, a total of shares of common stock would be awarded to participants under this program. 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs and General, administrative and other expenses, for performance awards of , and during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We provide all employees the opportunity to purchase common stock through payroll deductions in our ESPP. Purchases are made quarterly; the price being of the lower of the price on the first day of the plan entry date (beginning of the fiscal year) or the actual date of purchase (end of quarter). 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs and General, administrative and other expenses, for our ESPP of , and during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate , , , 
 , , , 
 , , , 
 Expected life (years) , , , 
 , , , 
 , , , 
 
 Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility during the previous twelve months of the underlying common stock. The risk-free rate for the quarterly purchase periods is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of purchase. The expected life of the ESPP grants represents the calendar quarters from the beginning of the year to the purchase date (end of each quarter). 
 85 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 (1) Common stock granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2022 had a grant date stock price of and , respectively. 
 
 Non-Employee Director and Board Advisor Compensation 
 Our Director Compensation Policy provides that each independent director is entitled to a quarterly retainer of payable in cash and/or unrestricted shares of our common stock at the end of each quarter. The Lead Director and chairman of our Audit Committee are entitled to an additional annual retainer of , payable in quarterly installments of each at the end of each quarter, and the chairman of our Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees are entitled to an additional annual retainer of , payable in quarterly installments of each at the end of each quarter. Any new independent director will receive upon admission to the Board a grant of (in addition to the independent director annual retainer prorated at the time the new director is admitted to the Board) which can be taken in cash or unrestricted shares of our common stock. The Board Advisor is entitled to a quarterly retainer of payable in cash and/or unrestricted shares of our common stock at the end of each quarter. The number of shares of such common stock will be determined by dividing the cash amount by the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, which will be the date of admission to the Board. 
 On May 17, 2022, Bryan D. Leibman resigned from the Board effective on that date. He served as the Company's Lead Independent Director. Effective with Mr. Leibman s resignation, the Board appointed Donald D. Patteson, Jr. as Lead Independent Director. 
 Advisor to the Board (1) 
 
 (1) Common stock granted during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 had a weighted average price of , and , respectively. 
 
 We recorded compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses, related to annual retainers, including the value of stock granted to non-employee Directors and an advisor to our Board, of , and during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 Cash Dividends 
 June 1st September 1st December 1st 2021 Per Share Dollar Value March 1st June 1st September 1st December 1st 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 19. 
 million under our share repurchase program, in addition to amounts previously authorized and outstanding in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, which totaled up to million in share repurchase authorizations. 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 
 (1) These amounts may differ from the repurchases of common stock amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows due to unsettled share repurchases at the end of a period. In December 2021, we repurchased shares for million, the settlement of which occurred in January 2022. 
 
 Our shares were purchased in the open market at times and in amounts as management determined appropriate based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements and other business considerations. Shares purchased pursuant to the repurchase program are currently held as treasury stock. At December 31, 2022, our share repurchase program had million authorized for additional repurchases. 
 
 20. 
 Less: Earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock ) ) ) Income attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per common share - weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Convertible Notes Performance awards Denominator for diluted earnings per common share - weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were stock options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because the inclusion of such stock options would result in an antidilutive effect. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. 
 87 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

shares that would have been issued upon the conversion of our Convertible Notes as a result of the application of the if-converted method prescribed by the FASB ASC 260. At December 31, 2021 and 2022, we had no Convertible Notes outstanding. 
 
 21. 
 Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total Year Ended, December 31, 2021 Funeral Cemetery Total Services Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total 
 Year Ended, December 31, 2020 Funeral Cemetery Total Services Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total 
 88 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

) 2021 ) 2020 ) Income (loss) before income taxes: 2022 ) 2021 ) 2020 ) Depreciation and amortization: 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense: 2022 2021 2020 Income tax expense (benefit): 2022 ) 2021 ) 2020 ) Total assets: 2022 2021 2020 Long-lived assets: 2022 2021 2020 Goodwill: 2022 2021 2020 Capital expenditures: 2022 2021 2020 Number of operating locations at year end: 2022 2021 2020 
 89 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

22. 
 Federal income tax receivable Other current assets Total prepaid and other current assets Current portion of debt and lease obligations: Acquisition debt Finance lease obligations Operating lease obligations Total current portion of debt and lease obligations Accrued and other liabilities: Incentive compensation Insurance Unrecognized tax benefit Vacation Natural disaster liability Interest Salaries and wages Employer payroll tax deferral Employee meetings and award trips Income tax payable Commissions Perpetual care trust payable Ad valorem and franchise taxes Other accrued liabilities Total accrued and other liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Incentive compensation Other long-term liabilities Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 23. 
 Cash paid (refunded) for taxes ) Unsettled share repurchases Fair value of donated real property 
 
 24. 
 funeral home and cemeteries in Marshall, Texas for million. 
 90 

Allowance for credit losses of preneed cemetery receivables, non-current portion Employee severance accruals Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset Year ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for credit losses, current portion Allowance for credit losses of preneed cemetery receivables, non-current portion Employee severance accruals Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset Year ended December 31, 2022: Allowance for credit losses, current portion Allowance for credit losses of preneed cemetery receivables, non-current portion Employee severance accruals Valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset 
 91 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K). 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting is presented on the following page of this Form 10-K. Grant Thornton LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 92 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the framework specified in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which also audited the financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as stated in their report that is presented in this Annual Report. 
 
 /s/ Melvin C. Payne Melvin C. Payne Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 /s/ Adeola Olaniyan Adeola Olaniyan Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 
 (Interim Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 
 93 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as amended, the Code ), which is applicable to each of our Directors, Officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and other senior financial officers, who include our principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Code is available on our internet website at www.carriageservices.com . To the extent required by SEC rules, we intend to disclose any amendments to this code and any waiver of a provision of the Code for the benefit of our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on our website within four business days following any such amendment of waiver, or within any other period that may be required under SEC rules from time to time. 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following table, required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K, summarizes information regarding the number of shares of our common stock that are available for issuance under all of our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,568,468 35.23 2,137,048 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,568,468 35.23 2,137,048 
 
 94 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed as a part of this Form 10-K on the pages indicated: Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 202 1 and 202 2 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 20 20 , 202 1 and 202 2 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 93 

(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following Financial Statement Schedule is included in this Form 10-K on the page indicated: Page Financial Statement Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 91 
 
 All other schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 
 
 (3) EXHIBITS 
 A copy of this Form 10-K, excluding exhibits, will be furnished at no charge to each person to whom a proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders is delivered upon the request of such person. Exhibits to this Form 10-K are available upon payment of a reasonable fee, which is limited to our expenses in furnishing the requested exhibit. Requests for copies should be directed to our Corporate Secretary, by mail at 3040 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77056 or by phone at 1-866-332-8400 or 713-332-8400. 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1996, filed on March 20, 1997. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment dated May 7, 1997. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1997, filed on November 14, 1997. 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment dated May 7, 2002. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed on August 13,2002. 
 
 95 

3.4 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Carriage Services, Inc. dated July 28, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2021, among the Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2021. 
 4.2 Form of 4.25 Senior Notes due 2029 (included with the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021. 
 4.3 Second Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 7, 2012. 
 4.4 First Amendment to Carriage Services, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 5, 2014. 
 4.5 Amended and Restated Carriage Services, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2013, filed on November 6, 2013. 
 4.6 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Carriage Services, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 4, 2018. 
 4.7 Second and Third Amendments to the Amended and Restated Carriage Services, Inc. 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A and B, respectively, to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021 and Amendment No. 1 to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021. 
 4.8 Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 5, 2017. 
 4.9 First Amendment to the Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 5, 2021 and Amendment No. 1 to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021. 
 4.10 Summary of Securities Registered under Section 12. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.1 Indemnity Agreement with Melvin C. Payne dated December 18, 2000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, filed on April 2, 2001 . 
 10.2 Director Compensation Policy dated February 19, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.3 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed on August 8, 2013. 
 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. Second and Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended June 30, 2013, filed on August 8, 2013. 
 10.5 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, filed on February 21, 2018. 
 
 96 

10.6 Form of Employee Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, filed on February 21, 2018. 
 10.7 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, filed on February 21, 2018. 
 10.8 Employment Agreement dated November 5, 2019, by and between the Company and Melvin C. Payne. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2019. 
 10.9 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated February 17, 2021 by and between the Company and Melvin C. Payne. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2021. 
 10.10 Form of First Amendment to Employment Agreement Consideration 77.34 Option Grant dated February 17, 2021 by and between the Company and Melvin C. Payne. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed on May 5, 2021. 
 10.11 Form of First Amendment to Employment Agreement Consideration 53.39 Option Grant dated February 17, 2021 by and between the Company and Melvin C. Payne. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed on May 5, 2021. 
 10.12 Employment Agreement dated November 5, 2019, by and between the Company and Shawn Phillips. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2019. 
 10.13 Employment Agreement dated November 5, 2019, by and between the Company and Carl Benjamin Brink. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2019. 
 10.14 Employment Agreement dated November 5, 2019, by and between the Company and Steven D. Metzger. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.15 Employment Agreement dated June 25, 2020, by and between the Company and Carlos Quezada. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.16 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Carl Benjamin Brink. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.17 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Steven D. Metzger. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.18 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Carlos Quezada. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, 10-K filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.19 Form of Performance Award Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2020. 
 10.20 Form of First Amendment to Performance Award Agreement under Carriage Services, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan dated as of June 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 2, 2022. 
 10.21 First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021, among Carriage Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021. 
 
 97 

10.22 First Amendment and Commitment Increase to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 22, 2021, among Carriage Services, Inc., the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2021. 
 10.23 Form of Notes Repurchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020. 
 10.24 Second Amendment and Commitment Increase to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 27, 2022, among Carriage Services, Inc., the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender, and L/C issuer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2022. 
 10.25 Release and Separation Agreement by and between the Company and Carl Benjamin Brink, dated September 27, 2022 and effective January 2, 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 2, 2022. 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Steven D. Metzger. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 2, 2022. 
 10.27 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Carlos Quezada. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 2, 2022. 
 10.28 First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Shawn Phillips. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 2, 2022. 
 10.29 Third Amendment and Commitment Increase to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 9, 2022, among Carriage Services, Inc., the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Melvin C. Payne in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Adeola Olaniyan in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Melvin C. Payne and Adeola Olaniyan in satisfaction of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101 Interactive Data Files. 
 __________________ 
 ) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 1, 2023. 
 
 CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. By: /s/ Melvin C. Payne Melvin C. Payne Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Melvin C. Payne Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Melvin C. Payne (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 /s/ Adeola Olaniyan Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 
 March 1, 2023 Adeola Olaniyan (Interim Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Carlos R. Quezada President, Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 Carlos R. Quezada /s/ Donald D. Patteson Jr. Director March 1, 2023 Donald D. Patteson Jr. /s/ Barry K. Fingerhut Director March 1, 2023 Barry K. Fingerhut /s/ Douglas Meehan Director March 1, 2023 Douglas Meehan /s/ Achille Messac Director March 1, 2023 Achille Messac 
 
 99 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 csv-ex211x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 NAME JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Carriage Services, Inc. Delaware Carriage Funeral Holdings, Inc. Delaware CFS Funeral Services, Inc. Delaware Carriage Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Carriage Funeral Services of Michigan, Inc. Michigan Carriage Funeral Services of Kentucky, Inc. Kentucky Carriage Funeral Services of California, Inc. California Carriage Cemetery Services of Idaho, Inc. Idaho Wilson & Kratzer Mortuaries California Rolling Hills Memorial Park California Carriage Services of Connecticut, Inc. Connecticut CSI Funeral Services of Massachusetts, Inc. Massachusetts CHC Insurance Agency of Ohio, Inc. Ohio Carriage Services of New Mexico, Inc. New Mexico Forastiere Family Funeral Service, Inc. Massachusetts Carriage Cemetery Services, Inc. Texas Carriage Services of Oklahoma, LLC Oklahoma Carriage Services of Nevada, Inc. Nevada Hubbard Funeral Home, Inc. Maryland Carriage Team California (Cemetery), LLC Delaware Carriage Team California (Funeral), LLC Delaware Carriage Team Florida (Cemetery), LLC Delaware Carriage Team Florida (Funeral), LLC Delaware Carriage Services of Ohio, LLC Delaware Carriage Team Kansas, LLC Delaware Carriage Municipal Cemetery Services of Nevada, Inc. Nevada Carriage Cemetery Services of California, Inc. California Carriage Insurance Agency of Massachusetts, Inc. Massachusetts Carriage Management, Inc. Delaware Cochrane s Chapel of the Roses, Inc. California Horizon Cremation Society, Inc. California Carriage Life Events, Inc. Delaware Carriage Pennsylvania Holdings, Inc. Delaware Carriage Funeral Management, Inc. Delaware Carriage Florida Holdings, Inc. Delaware Cloverdale Park, Inc. Idaho Cataudella Funeral Home, Inc. Massachusetts Carriage Services Investment Advisors, Inc. Delaware PNCA, Inc. Delaware Carriage Operations, Inc. Delaware Carriage Services of Tennessee, Inc. Delaware Carriage Services of Louisiana, Inc. Louisiana Calvary Memorial Park, Inc. Virginia Fairfax Memorial Funeral Home, LLC Virginia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 csv-ex231x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Carriage Services, Inc. on Form10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Carriage Services, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-238862) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-162408, File No. 333-181724, File No. 333-218115, File No. 333-225142 and File No. 333-262913). 

s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 csv-ex311x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 I, Melvin C. Payne, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carriage Services, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 s Melvin C. Payne Melvin C. Payne Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 csv-ex312x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 I, Adeola Olaniyan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Carriage Services, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 1, 2023 s Adeola Olaniyan Adeola Olaniyan Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer (Interim Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 csv-ex32x20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer 
 under Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Carriage Services, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Melvin C. Payne, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Adeola Olaniyan, Corporate Controller, Principal Accounting Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his or her knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated March 1, 2023 s Melvin C. Payne Melvin C. Payne Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) s Adeola Olaniyan Adeola Olaniyan Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer (Interim Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 csv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 csv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 csv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 csv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 csv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

